6 November 2019 6.11.2019 - On 6 November 2019 within the framework of his visit to the Kingdom of Sweden, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, held a meeting with his Swedish counterpart, Ann Linde. The Ministers discussed issues concerning bilateral relations, including the agenda of Georgia’s integration into the EU. This first visit of the Georgian Foreign Minister to the Kingdom of Sweden in a multitude of years was met with satisfaction, where he participated in the ministerial dedicated to the 10-year anniversary of the “Eastern Partnership Initiative”. The Swedish side gave a positive assessment to the progress made by Georgia and tangible outcomes achieved within the framework of the “Eastern Partnership Initiative”, pledging to continue supporting Georgia’s European aspiration in the future. The discussion between the two Ministers also touched upon organizational issues of the upcoming summit of the “Eastern Partnership Initiative”. The Georgian side provided its vision regarding the potential goals of the initiative beyond the 2020 timeframe. This included opening up additional avenues of integration for the associated states based on individual aspirations and political will, both in terms of the economic and cultural aspects like education, people-to-people contacts, etc. David Zalkaliani, once again, expressed his gratitude towards the Swedish side for initiating the aforementioned partnership, underscoring the special role of Sweden in the successful future of this format. The difficult situation in the occupied regions of Georgia also came up on the agenda of the meeting. The Ministers discussed the possibilities of peaceful resolution of the Russian-Georgian conflict, emphasising the need to keep an active interest of the international community regarding the challenging humanitarian and security environments on the ground, both within the frameworks of bilateral and international agendas. David Zalkaliani payed a visit to the Kingdom of Sweden on 3-5 November 2019. The Minister participated in the ministerial dedicated to the 10-year anniversary of the “Eastern Partnership Initiative”. A number of meetings were also held with the members of the Swedish cabinet of ministers. Documents Similar News