21 May 2024 On 20 May 2024, another round of political consultations took place between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Azerbaijan at the deputy minister level in Baku. The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, and the Azerbaijani delegation was chaired by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Samir Şərifov. Both parties praised the strategic partnership and close bilateral cooperation between Georgia and Azerbaijan, noting with satisfaction the positive dynamic of mutual high-level visits of the line ministries. They discussed current issues on the bilateral agenda within the framework of strategic cooperation, including the economy, tourism, culture, education, and other fields. The ongoing processes in the South Caucasus region and global challenges were also reviewed in detail. Both sides emphasized the importance of peace and stability as essential for the region's successful positioning and prosperity. They reiterated their firm support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of both countries. Prospects for deepening trade and economic cooperation and attracting investments were discussed. The importance of active interaction in transport and energy sectors was highlighted. The discussion also focused on the significance of Georgia-Azerbaijan-Turkey trilateral regional cooperation, the implementation of joint strategic projects, and fully utilizing the region's transit and transport potential. The importance of the "Middle Corridor," connectivity, and cooperation in green energy was also addressed. The parties explored the prospects of deepening cooperation within international organizations and confirmed their readiness to intensify collaboration and enhance the strategic partnership in line with the interests of both countries. During the visit, First Deputy Minister Lasha Darsalia also met with Hikmet Hajiev, Assistant to the President of Azerbaijan and Head of the Administration of Foreign Political Affairs of the Presidential Administration. Documents Similar News