3 July 2020 The EU and Georgia held the 13thround of their annual Human Rights Dialogue by videoconference on 2 July 2020. The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili and the EU delegation - by the Head of the Eastern Partnership Division of the European External Action Service (EEAS), Richard Tibbels. The EU and Georgia welcomed progress on human rights protection in Georgia, including on the national human rights mechanisms and implementation of the human Rights Strategy and its Action Plan. The EU welcomed the adoption of the constitutional amendments in Parliament on 29 June 2020 that establish a more proportional electoral system and will promote greater democracy. The sides focused special attention on the deterioration of the human rights situation in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region, The EU expressed deep concern about the complete closure of occupation line in Tskhinvali region, which has led to critical humanitarian consequences in Akhalgori district particularly during the Coronavirus pandemic. The Georgian side emphasized the importance of imposing sanction on persons included in the Tatunashvili-Otkhozoria list. The EU and Georgia reaffirmed that the Russian Federation has an obligation to implement the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and stressed the need for tangible results in the Geneva International Discussions in order to solve the security and human rights challenges of people affected by the conflict. The EU underlined the necessity of safe and dignified return of refugees to the places of their origin. The EU reiterated its support to Georgia’s peace initiative "A Step to a Better Future" aimed at improving the socio-economic situation of conflict-affected people and at building confidence among the divided communities and welcomed its implementation The EU noted progress made by Georgia in combatting domestic violence and all violence against women, hate crimes and discrimination, and ensuring victim-centred investigations. The EU also welcomed Georgia's efforts to continue ensuring the effective implementation of its anti-discrimination law and strengthening the policy framework. Documents Similar News