27 July 2021 On 26 July 2021, bilateral political consultations were held in Rome between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Italian Republic. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia chaired the consultations from the Georgian side and the Deputy Secretary of State, Manlio Di Stefano - from the Italian side. During the consultations, Teimuraz Janjalia and Manlio Di Stefano discussed in detail the issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral relations and discussed prospects for the development of cooperation. The ongoing successful cooperation in the fields of defense, law enforcement, agriculture, education and culture was underlined. The Deputy Foreign Minister spoke in detail about the favorable business environment in Georgia and the economic potential of the Black Sea, in terms of further deepening trade and economic relations and attracting Italian investments. Discussions also focused on the development of cooperation in the fields of energy, tourism, maritime, international transport and environment. Special attention was paid to the progress made by Georgia on the irreversible path of integration into the European Union and NATO. Speaking to an Italian diplomat, Teimuraz Janjalia underlined Georgia’s plans to submit an application for full EU membership in 2024, the issues relating to physical rapprochement with the EU, further development of sectoral cooperation and the future plans of the "Associated Trio". Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized Georgia’s aspiration for full membership of NATO and the importance of Italy's support in activating NATO's open door policy. The Secretary of State thanked the Georgian side for the valuable cooperation within NATO, including Georgia’s significant contribution to international peace and security. The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister briefed his Italian counterpart on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva Discussions and the government's peace policy; The focus was on gross human rights violations in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation, the current humanitarian situation; the need for the partners’ consolidated position in order to keep the issue of Georgia high on the international agenda and the importance of Italy’s greater involvement. The Italian side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's policy of sovereignty, territorial integrity and non-recognition. Talking points also included the current developments in the region, the need to consolidate international partners’ efforts to strengthen peace and security in the region. Documents Similar News