9 September 2021 On 8 September 2021, during his working visit to the Republic of Latvia, the Deputy Foreign Minister Teimuraz Janjalia met with members of the Latvian Parliament (Saeima), including the Saeima Vice-Speaker, the Chairman of the European Committee, the Deputy Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, the Parliamentary Group of Georgia and group members. The meeting was also attended by the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Latvia to Georgia. Discussing issues of bilateral and multilateral relations between the two countries, the sides highlighted prospects for cooperation in various fields, as well as close and friendly relations between the legislatures of Georgia and Latvia. The positive role of active cooperation between the parliamentary friendship groups was also emphasized. The meeting focused on Georgia's progress in terms of EU and NATO integration. The sides underlined the importance of Georgia's further rapprochement with the European Union, prospects for the development of Eastern Partnership format, future plans for the "Associated Trio" and Latvia's support in this process. Internal political processes in Georgia were also discussed during the meeting. Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the Latvian parliamentarians on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva Discussions and the Georgian government's peace policy. Discussions focused on the grave humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and gross human rights violations by the Russian Federation. The Deputy Foreign Minister highlighted the importance of keeping the Russian-Georgian conflict high on the international agenda and the active involvement of partner countries, including Latvia, in the process of peaceful settlement of the conflict. The Latvian side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. Documents Similar News