8 November 2021 On 8 November 2021, the Georgian Vice Prime Minister/and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, held a meeting with Erika Olson, U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State overseeing policy for Southern Europe and the Caucasus, who arrived in Georgia as part of the regional tour of the South Caucasus. The sides discussed, among others, U.S.-Georgia strategic partnership, Georgia’s occupied regions and the security environment in the Black Sea and the South Caucasus regions. Speaking about the U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership, the sides emphasized the special importance of strong cooperation between the two countries, including amid the challenges facing the region. David Zalkaliani expressed gratitude for U.S. support over the past 30 years for Georgia's democratic reforms and sustainable economic development, as well as for the strengthening of Georgia's defense capabilities and European and Euro-Atlantic integration. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the security environment and the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied regions of Georgia. For her part, Erika Olson reaffirmed the United States' unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The sides also focused on the "Step towards a Better Future" initiative laid forward by the Georgian government and the Georgian government’s efforts towards de-occupation and peaceful settlement of the conflict. The importance of the international community’s involvement in and support for this process was also underlined. The sides exchanged views over the security challenges facing the Black Sea and the South Caucasus regions and the importance of cooperation to ensure peace and stability. The sides discussed Georgia's initiatives to restore confidence and promote peace and stability in the South Caucasus region, and stressed the importance of U.S. support in this process. The Deputy Assistant Secretary of State expressed particular appreciation for Georgia's contribution to regional and Euro-Atlantic security, including for its contribution to the emergency evacuation from Afghanistan, and reaffirmed U.S. support for Georgia's Euro-Atlantic integration. The sides expressed readiness to continue deepening U.S.-Georgia partnership in all priority directions. Documents Similar News