19 October 2017 19.10.2017, Brussels – “Georgia remains one of the strongest allies of the EU in the region and a key security partner, confirmed by the EU Global Foreign and Security Strategy”-the Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said about this when speaking before the Foreign Affairs Committee of the European Parliament. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia closely co-operates with the EU in the fields of fight against terrorism, radicalization, organized crime, hybrid and cyber threats, anti-trafficking and anti money laundering, and continues engagement in the EU crisis management operations and contributes to stability in Europe, as well as elsewhere in the world. European Union and Georgia launched a Strategic Security Dialogue to discuss matters of common concern. The Minister paid special attention to the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. According to him, Russia intensifies its military build-up in both occupied regions that poses a grave threat not only to Georgia but to the whole region. “The Russian Federation neglects the non-use of force commitment and hinders the establishment of international security mechanisms on the ground, This is crucial for lasting peace and security” – the Minister said. According to the Minister, Russia’a destructive activities had a negative implications not only on security and stability on the ground but has also affected the humanitarian and human rights situation of the population living beyond the occupation line. He spoke about the importance of the EUMM’s activities and thanked the Member States for their participation. “We pursue the policy of engagement and reconciliation of war-torn communities, and are determined to make the benefits of Georgia’s European agenda available for the people on the other side of the occupation line. It is obvious that consistent and firm stance of international community, and particularly the EU which was the ceasefire mediator between the Russia and Georgia in 2008, is essential to send a clear message to Russia that this policy directed against sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia is not acceptable” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Documents Similar News