22 April 2018 22.04.2018, Batumi – The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister, Mikheil Janelidze visited the Adjara region where, within the framework of the NATO Week, he held meetings with representatives of the local self-government bodies, non-governmental organizations, students and professors. Discussing Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration process and the progress made on this path, the Minister highlighted the NATO-Georgia relations and Georgia’s role in ensuring global security. “Our relations with NATO have never been as strong as they are now. This result has been achieved over the past few years. We are moving along with consistent, well-thought-out and reasonable steps whereby we are strengthening our security and are giving momentum to our pursuit of the ultimate goal – that is Georgia’s integration with NATO and the European Union” – Janelidze said. According to him, Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration process is not only a part of the foreign policy and is closely associated with the democratic development and prosperity of our country. “When you arrive in Batumi you can see the country is developing very fast and in the right direction and Georgia has a very good future ahead of it. Adjara is pursuing the right policy of development, which ensures the welfare of each of its citizens. This is the very goal our foreign and domestic policy serves. The Euro-Atlantic integration process is not part of only Georgia’s foreign policy; it also determines our domestic policy given that many reforms and activities are associated with it, which transform our country into a strong, democratic and well-developed country” – Mikheil Janelidze said. He also spoke about various meetings already conducted or due to be held in various regions of Georgia saying that these meetings serve the goal of raising the population’s awareness of the European integration processes. The Minister called upon the representatives of the self-government bodies to get actively involved in this process. “The Government of Georgia acts on the order of our population. The choice of our population is integration with the west, with Europe, Euro-Atlantic integration and we are all striving to fulfil this order” – the Minister said. The Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara, Zurab Pataridze, the Rector of the Batumi University, Merab Khalvashi and the Director of the Information Centre on NATO and the European Union, Nino Bolkvadze. The event was organized by the Information Centre on NATO and the European Union, and supported by the NATO Liaison Office and the Bulgarian Embassy to Georgia (NATO’s contact point embassy). Documents Similar News