14 November 2018 The Georgian Foreign Minister who is paying a visit to the Nordic countries, commented on the Resolution adopted by the European Parliament today. According to David Zalkaliani, this resolution is yet another proof of the fact that the democratic, political and economic reforms carried out by the Georgian Government are extremely successful. “We welcome the Resolution of the European Parliament which has been adopted in Strasbourg. This is yet another proof of the fact that the democratic, political and economic reforms carried out by the Georgian Government are extremely successful. We have been evaluated as a shining star in the region and among the Eastern Partnership countries in terms of carrying out democratic and political reforms. It is extremely important that Georgia was highly appraised also in terms of implementation of the Association Agreement. We really enjoy exemplary achievements in all directions both in terms of economic dimension and consolidation of the democratic institutions. The first round of elections was yet another proof and demonstration of the fact that Georgia is following firmly and consistently the path of development and strengthening of the democratic institutions. This is a really important event and one more recognition of Georgia and of those activities and efforts which are being carried out by the Georgian Government, our diplomatic corps, executive branch and parliament in order to present Georgia even better to the international community and most importantly to our European partners. The consequences of the above activities are timely since we enjoy today an unprecedentedly high support,” - said the Foreign Minister. David Zalkaliani also commented on the meeting scheduled at the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. According to the Foreign Minister, it is important that today, at the Council of Europe, a special report will be delivered on the developments related to the ongoing occupation and clear assessments will be made with regard to Georgia. In his comment David Zalkaliani also highlighted the importance of the high level meeting scheduled in Brussels on 21 November which will be held under the guidance of the Georgian Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission. According to the Minister, high appraisal given by the European Parliament creates a good basis also for the achievement of successful results at the meeting scheduled on 21 November. “We also expect to have important assessments at the meeting of the Committee of Deputy Ministers of the Council of Europe where a statement will be made and extremely clear messages will be delivered with regard to the developments in Georgia and namely to the process related to the ongoing occupation, we expect such statements that have never been made. This is yet another proof of the fact that our policy with regard to the de occupation and consolidation of the international community is proper and has no alternatives. All this gives me special hope and creates a good basis so that the meeting of November 21 will be very fruitful, an occasion where the Georgian Government will meet with the President of the European Commission and with the European Commissioners in an unprecedented format. I would like to say that this is the first meeting, none of the Eastern Partnership countries enjoy such a format and this format will be established only with regard to Georgia. The Georgian Government is preparing very carefullyfor the event under the guidance of the Prime Minister where we will present new initiatives. These initiatives will be focused on the future and will not be undertaken only for the sake of presenting a report to the European Union. We will elaborate a vision of our future which brings Georgia even closer to the European Union in terms of sectoral cooperation and will make the process of Georgia’s European transformation irreversible,” – stated the Foreign Minister. Documents Similar News