26 December 2022 Tbilisi hosts the annual meeting of heads of Georgian diplomatic missions abroad "Ambassadors' Conference 2022" which was opened by the Minister of Foreign Affairs Ilia Darchiashvili. In his speech, the Minister of Foreign Affairs paid particular attention to one of the most important achievements of Georgia's foreign policy this year, which is related to giving Georgia a European perspective. Based on the European Council’s decision of 23 March, Georgia became part of the European Union's enlargement policy - the goal for which Georgia has been striving for many years. At the same time, Georgia became a part of all the important projects aimed at securing a stable and peaceful future of the European Union. "2022 was marked by an unprecedented event of historical significance when the European Union granted Georgia a European perspective! Today, the European Union and our European friends directly declare that Georgia belongs to the European family and that Georgia will definitely become a member of the European Union," the minister said. According to him, Georgia was able to deal with external threats owing to the ruling party led by the Prime Minister and their determination to pursue the consistent and balanced foreign policy. Despite the difficult foreign political context, Georgia achieved this stability thanks to the unwavering support of its strategic partners, and today the country is the closer than ever to the goal for which generations of Georgian diplomats have fought. "Maximum efforts should be made to restore historical justice and enable Georgia to become a full-fledged member of the European family!" Darchiashvili added. The minister drew attention to the occupation of Georgian territories and emphasized that the consolidation of the country remains the main priority of the state of Georgia. As Darchiashvili noted, backed by the diplomatic corps, the Government of Georgia continues to successfully implement a consistent peace policy, which implies, achiving the consolidation of international support, on the one hand, and on the other, promoting reconciliation and engagement between the communities divided by the occupation line. According to the minister, amid the global turmoil, Georgia not only maintains stability, but also continues to develop as a modern state based on European values. During the conference, the participant once again expressed Georgia’s strong support for the territorial integrity of Ukraine. The minister also thanked the employees of the Embassy of Georgia to Ukraine for their efforts in this difficult period. In his welcoming speech, Ilia Darchiashvili thanked the Georgian diplomats for the important activities they carry out outside the borders of our country. As he mentioned, important reforms being carried out within the diplomatic service are aimed at ensuring the institutional development of the Ministry. The annual meeting of heads of diplomatic missions of Georgia abroad "Ambassadors Conference 2022" is held on 26-28 December. Documents Similar News