19 November 2021 "The Georgian side welcomes the decision made by the Alliance at the Brussels Summit to update the NATO Strategic Concept, which will be approved at the 2022 Alliance Summit. "We hope that the issues related to Open Door Policy will be adequately reflected in the new strategic concept which will clearly formulate the Alliance’s specific strategy for the Black Sea region," Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said at the Parliament’s plenary session “Minister's Hour” on 19 November. According to the Minister, the NATO Summit held on 14 June 2021 adopted a communiqué, which reflected many messages of support for Georgia, including the Bucharest Summit’s decision that Georgia will become a NATO member and acknowledged that Georgia has all practical tools for final membership. "As a result of Georgia’s active diplomatic efforts, a new entry appeared in the Communiqué’s Georgia Section, which reflects the Allies' support for Georgia's sovereign right to choose its own foreign policy priorities. "The Allies’ statement that no third country has a veto over NATO enlargement is extremely important" he said. David Zalkaliani paid special attention to Georgia's active involvement in the evacuation process after the end of the NATO mission in Afghanistan, which reaffirms our country's commitment to strategic partners and is worthy of praise. "NATO's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan ended in 2021, and the Georgian contingent left Afghanistan after a lengthy and challenging military mission and returned to its homeland," the Minister said. According to him, Georgia has consistently supported the coalition forces since the end of the mission: at the request of the Allies, a temporary regional transit hub was set up at the Tbilisi International Airport, through which the Allied forces were withdrawing military equipment from Afghanistan and then sending them to NATO countries. A total of 4,500 people have been evacuated since 15 August. David Zalkaliani also spoke about the issues important for future success in NATO membership, such as the ongoing NATO 2030 Process and the clear strategic vision of Georgia's membership in the Alliance; putting the issue of Georgia's membership on the agenda of the next NATO summits, including the 2022 summit; making the country fully prepared for a political decision by NATO; Developing a roadmap for accession, agreeing and implementing it with the Alliance; Further involvement of Georgia in ensuring international security and stability; promoting even greater involvement of the Alliance in the Black Sea region; Implementing an active communication strategy on EU and NATO integration. Documents Similar News