28 July 2021 On 28 July 2021, Nicosia (Cyprus) hosted the first political consultations at the level of Deputy Foreign Ministers. The Georgian delegation was led by Deputy Foreign Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, while the Cypriot delegation was led by Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs KorneliosKorneliou. The agenda of the political consultations included a wide range of bilateral and multilateral relations, as well as the prospects for deepening sectoral cooperation between the two countries. The sides discussed the progress made by Georgia on the path to European integration and, in this regard, the importance of supporting Cyprus, as well as the need to share the country’s experience. Talking points also included ways to bring Georgia closer to the EU, plans to apply for full membership in the EU in 2024 and Associated Trio-related prospects. The Cypriot side was provided with detailed information on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva Discussions and the Georgian government's peace policy; The sides focused on gross human rights violations and the current humanitarian situation in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation. The need to intensify relations and develop cooperation between the legislatures of the two countries was also stressed. The sides also discussed current developments in the region and the need to consolidate international partners’ efforts to strengthen peace and security in the region. The importance of stable and democratic development of Georgia was also highlighted. Teimuraz Janjalia once again thanked the Cypriot side for the initiative of ArchbishopChrysostomos II to donate 12,995 square metres to the Georgian Autocephalous Orthodox Church, in 2018, at the Gialia Monasteryin Paphos District . The head of the Georgian delegation expressed hope that a Georgian church and a cultural center will be built on the site in the near future, and this will further deepen and strengthen the friendly relations between the two countries. Documents Similar News