24 January 2020 An informal exchange of views onstrengthening democracy through youth engagement was held on 23 January 2020, in Strasbourg, under the Georgian Presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. The meeting was opened by the Permanent Representative of Georgia to the Council of Europe, the President of the Ministers’ Deputies, Irakli Giviashvili. Highlighting the priority importance of youth-related issues, he singled out two key areas on which the organization is focused: promoting youth participation in decision-making and raising awareness about youth activities. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić also spoke before the audience. She welcomed the fact that the youth-related issues have been declared as a priority of the Georgian presidency. According to the Secretary General, it is important to grant the young people an opportunity to make their own contribution to upholding the three main values – human rights, the rule of law and democracy. The Secretary General also spoke about the need to create a mechanism for ensuring that young people enjoy rights to education and other social rights. In this light, the Secretary General welcomed the adoption of the Youth Sector Strategy 2030. According to her, the aim of the Strategy is to develop a new mechanism capable to meet the challenges currently facing the youth. The Head of the Georgian Youth Agency, Revaz Charkviani also delivered his remarks before the Committee of Ministers Deputiesof the Council of Europe. Highlighting the importance of youth involvement at the national level and the role of the Agency in this regard, he focused his attention on the reforms that have been carried out in the youth sector. According to him, modern, developed and democratic country can be built by engaging young people in every aspect of the political life. During the meeting, presentations were made by Anja Olin Pape, Chair of the Joint Council on Youth (CMJ) and Chair of the Advisory Council on Youth (CCJ); VilleMajamaa, Vice President of the European Youth Forum (YFJ); Niels de Fraguier, Founder of SAY (Sustainability & Advocacy by Youth) and former youth delegate of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe. The speakers discussed the active participation of young people in public activities. Active discussions that were held during the meeting involved permanent representatives of various members of the Council of Europe. The delegations unanimously welcomed the declaration of youth affairs as a priority of the Georgian Presidency. The meeting was followed by an official presentation of Youth Sector Strategy 2030 of the Council of Europe and a reception. Documents Similar News