7 September 2021 The Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with the delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives on 7 September 2021. The delegation includes lawmakers Alexander Xavier Mooney (R-WV), Bryan George Steil (R-WI), Kelly Michael Armstrong (R-ND), Carol Devine Miller (R-WV), and Ronald Gene Estes (R-KS). Congressmen visiting Georgia are co-sponsors of the Georgia Support Act initiated at the House of Representatives in the US Congress. At a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs at the Palace of Ceremonies, the sides discussed a wide range of U.S.-Georgia strategic partnership and the strong and dynamic cooperation between the two countries in all priority areas. Special accent was put on enhancing defense and security, as well as trade and economy cooperation between the United States and Georgia. The sides also discussed the dire humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions, the US Congress’ special role in the de-occupation and conflict resolution process, and issues related to strengthening security in the Black Sea and South Caucasus regions. David Zalkaliani thanked the congressmen for the strong bipartisan support of the US Congress towards Georgia. The Foreign Minister stressed the special importance of the congressmen's visit to Georgia in the light of the difficult security environment in the region and expressed special gratitude for the co-sponsorship of the Georgia Support Act, which upgrades the existing strategic partnership between the two countries to a qualitatively higher level. Zalkaliani also noted with gratitude the consistent U.S. support and active involvement in the further consolidation of democratic institutions in Georgia. He provided the congressmen with detailed information on the ongoing democratic reforms in Georgia. Discussing the occupation of Georgian territories by Russia, the creeping annexation and mass human rights violations in the occupied regions, the sides highlighted the importance of the involvement of Georgia's strategic partners in the peaceful settlement of the conflict and de-occupation process. The congressmen reaffirmed the United States' unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The sides exchanged views over regional security issues and stressed the importance of U.S. involvement in promoting peace and security in the Black Sea and South Caucasus regions. Georgia's participation and important role in the emergency evacuation efforts from Kabul amid the deteriorating security environment in Afghanistan was also noted. For their part, the congressmen expressed gratitude for Georgia's contribution to strengthening international security. The sides paid special attention to deepening trade-economic cooperation between the two countries and the importance of attracting more American investments to Georgia. The importance of the US Congress’ role in encouraging the signing of Free Trade Agreement between the two countries was also emphasized. The sides reaffirmed their commitment to further deepen and expand the US-Georgia Strategic Partnership. Within the framework of their visit to Georgia, the congressmen met with the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Gharibashvili. They will also hold meetings with the Minister of Defense of Georgia, Juansher Burchuladze, the Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development, Natia Turnava. Documents Similar News