23 February 2026 „The universal principles of human rights are increasingly challenged - not only by conflict and occupation, but also by attempts to instrumentalize international organizations for political pressure and to politicize human rights for narrow interests”, stated the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili, in her address to the High-Level Segment of the 61st Session of the United Nations Human Rights Council. The Minister addressed the dynamics of Georgia’s democratic development and the ongoing process of building institutional capacity. “Despite complex security challenges, Georgia has strengthened democratic institutions, the rule of law and fundamental freedoms, reflected in international rankings, and in a more than 85% drop in the number of applications to the European Court of Human Rights". Maka Botchorishvili also highlighted the country’s socio-economic progress and noted that “Human dignity begins with economic opportunity and social justice. Over the last decade, Georgia has reduced poverty from around 30% to below 10%, reflecting sustained economic growth and targeted social programs for vulnerable groups.“ In addressing the reforms undertaken in the field of women’s rights, the Minister noted that mechanisms to combat violence have been further strengthened. In this context, she also referred to enhanced efforts to safeguard the rights of persons with disabilities and to address issues related to autism, placing particular emphasis on inclusion, dignity and equality. A substantial part of the address was dedicated to the situation prevailing in Georgia’s occupied regions. The Minister stated that “Parts of Georgia - Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region - remain under occupation by the Russian Federation. Residents in these regions are deprived of fundamental freedoms, while cases of arbitrary detention, ill-treatment, and ethnic discrimination persist. According to the Minister, Georgia strongly supports the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and stands firmly for a rules-based international order, grounded in the UN Charter. In conclusion, Maka Botchorishvili reaffirmed Georgia’s steadfast commitment to the universal and interdependent nature of human rights and emphasized that the country will continue advancing democratic governance at home and supporting collective efforts to protect human dignity everywhere. Documents Similar News