14 April 2021 Within the framework of his visit to Strasbourg, the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić. The Deputy Foreign Minister provided the Secretary General with detailed information on the security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, which has been compounded by the COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions. Lasha Darsalia the Resolution takes note of the judgment delivered by the European Court of Human Rights in the Georgia v. Russia inter-state case, which holds Russia accountable for the violation of international law norms and fundamental human rights during the August 2008 war, as well as for the occupation of and effective control over the Georgian territories. Lasha Darsalia condemned the occupation regime’s recent decision to prolong the illegal detention of Zaza Gakheladze for more than 12 years, in violation of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement. Speaking about the tragic death of four citizens of the Gali district when they were attempting to cross the Enguri River, the Deputy Foreign Minister emphasized the critical importance of detaching the humanitarian and human rights issues from the political agenda. According to the Deputy Foreign Minister, it is necessary to keep the issues related to Georgia’s occupied territories on the international agenda. In this view, he highlighted the importance of the consolidated report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, as well as of the decisions taken by the Council of Europe Committee of Ministers, which are important legal and political documents assessing the difficult situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. According to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, it is necessary to continue the important practice of preparing consolidated reports. The sides recognized the importance of the Geneva International Discussions, as well as Georgia’s engagement policy and steps towards confidence building. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s close and fruitful cooperation with the Council of Europe and the important legacy of Georgian presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. Special note was taken of the link between environment protection and human rights, which the Georgian Presidency declared as its priority. Following the Georgian Presidency, the Organization made its priority to develop a legal instrument for environmental protection. Documents Similar News