1 November 2022 On 1 November 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia held a meeting with the delegation working on Eastern Partnership and Enlargement issues of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands. Discussions focused on the dynamics of Georgia-EU relations, the European Council's recognition of Georgia's European perspective playing a decisive role. The representatives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands congratulated Georgia on this historic decision and stated that they are ready to support the country on its way to join the European Union. The Deputy Minister informed the Dutch side on the country's progress in the process of European integration and once again confirmed the Georgian government’s strong commitment to continue its pursuit in this direction. Janjalia highlighted that the government works towards the implementation of the European Union’s twelve recommendations, and Georgia continues to effectively implement the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement, which brings concrete results for the country and population. The Deputy Minister emphasized Georgia’s intention to achieve full integration into the EU internal market. In this context, he mentioned the country’s official applications to join the Single Euro Payment System and the EU’s Roaming Space and referred to Black Sea Connectivity as a priority for the relations between the European Union and Georgia. The Deputy Minister spoke about the need to maintain the format of the Eastern Partnership and adapt it to the geopolitical changes in the region, the sides also discussed the security situation in the region. Special emphasis was placed on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the importance of the Geneva International Discussions and the peace policy of the Georgian government. The Dutch side reaffirmed its strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within the internationally recognized borders. The sides reviewed the dynamics of bilateral relations and emphasized the importance of further deepening cooperation. Documents Similar News