14 November 2018 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia publishes the Joint Communiqué adopted within the framework of the Fifth Round of the Georgia-UK Wardrop Strategic Dialogue. The Communiqué highlights special importance of the Annual Wardrop Strategic Dialogue as a core framework that successfully covers a wide range of issues of bilateral cooperation, focussing on political, defence and security policy spheres, economic, commercial, educational, science, cultural and people-to-people dimensions. According to the Communiqué, Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations was one of the topics of the meeting. UK recognizes the significant progress on reforms Georgia has made in its preparation towards membership. Both sides agreed to continue dialogue in order to facilitate this process. UK reiterated decisions made during the Brussels Summit and reflected in NATO-Georgia Commission Declaration at the level of the Heads of State and Government. UK acknowledged Georgia’s contributions to Black Sea security and welcomed further development of practical cooperation in this context. The UK side welcomed the democratic transformation of Georgia over recent years and the first round of presidential elections, which were held in a free, fair and transparent manner. Sir Alan Duncan reaffirmed the UK’s full commitment to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Throughout the dialogue, there was a focus on the utmost need for the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. The Minister of Foreign Affairs underlined the necessity of a consolidated international approach to achieve the full implementation of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement by the Russian Federation, the withdrawal of Russian military forces and the safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees. He also expressed appreciation for the supportive statements by UK officials on the 10th anniversary of the Russia-Georgia war. In this regard, he stressed the utmost importance of maintaining the practice of reflecting the human rights situation in these regions in the FCO’s Human Rights and Democracy report. Sir Alan Duncan highlighted the UK’s unwavering support towards Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders, the non-recognition policy and the peaceful conflict resolution efforts pursued by the Government of Georgia. He welcomed the Georgian Government’s reconciliation and engagement policy with the people living in Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, including the new peace initiative “A Step to a Better Future” launched in April 2018. He also condemned the reinforced military presence of Russia in two Georgian regions and expressed concern over the threat caused to regional stability by Russia’s illegal activities. In the framework of the dialogue, both sides stressed emerging opportunities following the UK’s departure from the European Union. The Georgian side expressed full respect towards the democratic choice of the UK population to leave the EU. Both sides attached great importance to the development of a bilateral legal base for strategic cooperation between the UK and Georgia after the UK’s departure from the EU. According to the Communiqué, Sir Alan Duncan expressed gratitude for the solidarity shown by the Georgian Government in the face of the tragic events in Salisbury, and for their continued support to reinforce the Rules Based International System. The Communiqué covers the results of the thematic discussions held within the fourpillars of the Dialogue (Political Pillar; Defence Securityand Foreign Policy Pillar; Trade and Commercial Pillar;People-to-People Pillar). For the full text of the Communiqué in Georgian and English, please, check the link below. WD-Communique-Eng.pdf Documents Similar News