26 February 2021 Georgian Diaspora Economic Forum will be held online on February 27, 2021 from 15:00 to 22:00, Tbilisi Time. The forum is organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Administration of the President of Georgia and International Organization for Migration (IOM), UN Migration Agency, Mission to Georgia. Diaspora Economic Forum provides an opportunity for the Georgian diaspora to participate and receive comprehensive information on opportunities for doing business and investing in Georgia, means of accessing financing, available business development support programmes and services offered by State and non-state actors. Forum will underline diaspora’s engagement in economic advancement of the country and promoting Business2Business networking. The forum will provide information about business support state programmes and tools of financial assistance, highlighting the most important reforms that defines practical simplicity of investment or setting a business. Participants will also get informed about Georgia’s foreign trading policy, international trade treaties and existing trading measures in Georgia. Diaspora Economic Forum consists of 4 panel discussions. Participants will get information about state, foreign and international donor organizations and programmes for production, business, agriculture, tourism and innovation, supported by them. Presentations about current or and new projects oriented on large-scale and sustainable development will also be held for diaspora representatives. Perspectives of diaspora engagement in these projects will also be discussed. The event will host more than 150 Georgians living abroad. They will be able to ask questions to the representatives of related ministries or agencies online and receive comprehensive information about starting or resuming business. The event will be broadcasted via the Facebook pages of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and IOM Georgia as well as via the Facebook pages of the Diplomatic Representatives of Georgia. Documents Similar News