15 October 2021 On 15 October 2021, during his visit to Slovenia, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani met with President of the National Assembly of the Republic of Slovenia Igor Zorčič. The meeting focused on the relations between the two countries and the prospects for their further development. Special attention was focused on Georgia's integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures under the Slovenian Presidency of the EU Council. The Minister thanked the President of the National Assembly for his support of Georgia’s European integration process. The talks focused on Georgia's Association Agreement with the European Union, the implementation of free trade, the progress made in the implementation of reforms and Georgia's plan to apply for EU membership in 2024. The Minister noted Georgia's expectations for the forthcoming Eastern Partnership Summit and stressed the role of Slovenia as the country holding the Presidency of the EU Council and the importance of its support in this context. David Zalkaliani reaffirmed the commitment of the Associated Trio to European aspirations and stressed that Georgia has high expectations for the deepening of cooperation between the EU and the Associated Trio. The sides discussed the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and the Russian Federation’s aggressive policy. David Zalkaliani noted the importance of the Geneva Discussions and the role of partners in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. The Minister thanked the Slovenian side for supporting Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty. The conversation focused on the importance of cooperation between the two countries at the parliamentary level. Referring to the successful meeting of the Chairman of the Parliament of Georgia, Kakha Kuchava with his Slovenian counterpart, Igor Zorčič and to the friendship groups in the parliaments of both countries, the sides expressed the hope that the existing relations will further intensify. The sides also discussed a broad spectrum of cooperation in the fields of economy and tourism and prospects for expanding contacts between the business communities of the two countries. David Zalkaliani thanked the Slovenian side for its support and fruitful cooperation within the international organizations. Documents Similar News