20 February 2019 The U.S. spending bill for 2019 - FY19 Consolidated Appropriations Act includes important passages on de-occupation of the Georgian regions and the strengthening of non-recognition policy. It needs to be emphasized that the US 2019 state budget bill provides increased support for Georgia. According to the document, none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available for assistance for the central government of a country that the Secretary of State determines and reports to the Committees on Appropriations has recognized the independence of, or has established diplomatic relations with, the Russian occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. The document indicates that none of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to support the Russian occupation of the Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. The Secretary of the Treasury shall instruct the United States executive directors of each international financial institution to vote against any assistance by such institution (including any loan, credit, or guarantee) for any program that violates the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. It should be highlighted that the U.S. Congress incorporates this passage in its spending bill for the third consecutive year that points to the United States firm support to Georgia. The bill reads that, within the Countering Russia Influence Fund, $275 million will be allocated in total for countries in Eastern Europe and Eurasia, including for Georgia, to develop law enforcement and security capabilities, to come closer to the EU and NATO. Part of the funds will go towards ensuring the implementation of the EU Association Agreements and Trade Agreements and the reduction of political and economic pressure from Russia. As for the financial assistance for Georgia, theFY19 State & Foreign Operations Funding provides to Georgia increased support with $127,025,000 million in aid. Documents Similar News