21 July 2025 On 21 July 2025, Tbilisi hosted the latest round of political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Republic of Azerbaijan at the level of Deputy Ministers. During the meeting, the parties emphasized the robust strategic partnership between Georgia and Azerbaijan, as well as the dynamic agenda of bilateral cooperation. Discussions focused on the prospects for deepening trade and economic cooperation and attracting investment between the two countries. Particular attention was paid to the importance of active engagement in the fields of transport, energy, and customs. Both sides welcomed the ongoing positive momentum in the reciprocal exchange of high-level visits and sectoral meetings. The consultations also addressed the active cooperation agenda in areas such as economy, tourism, culture, education, and others. As part of the political consultations, the participants exchanged views on ongoing developments and existing challenges in the South Caucasus region, reiterating the importance of peace and stability. The sides welcomed the trilateral meeting of Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Armenia, held on 17 April 2025 in Georgia at the level of Deputy Foreign Ministers. It was noted that there exists significant potential for mutually beneficial initiatives and regional projects in this format. Both delegations reaffirmed their unwavering support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the two countries. Special emphasis was placed on the importance of Georgia-Azerbaijan-Turkey trilateral regional cooperation, the implementation of joint strategic projects, and the need to fully realize the region’s transit and transport potential. The significance of the “Middle Corridor” and enhanced connectivity, along with prospects for cooperation in the field of green energy, were also highlighted. The meeting addressed opportunities to further deepen cooperation between Georgia and Azerbaijan within the framework of international organizations. Both parties reiterated their readiness to intensify existing cooperation and to further develop the strategic partnership in line with the interests of both countries. The Georgian delegation was headed by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, while the Azerbaijani side was led by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Samir Sharifov. Documents Similar News