27 June 2024 On 27 June 2024, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia opened the forum dedicated to Diaspora Day, titled "Strong Diaspora in the Service of the Motherland." The event featured addresses from the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, as well as the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Kobakhidze, the Chairman of the Parliament of Georgia, Shalva Papuashvili, the Chairman of the Diaspora and Caucasus Committee of the Parliament of Georgia, Beka Odisharia, and Metropolitan Andria of Gori and Athens. In his speech, Ilia Darchiashvili highlighted the crucial role of the Georgian diaspora in the country's development. "The Georgian diaspora is one of the driving forces of our country's success, and ensuring its inclusion in the country's development is one of our main priorities. That is why the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is constantly looking for support for diaspora organizations, our compatriots, and improving mechanisms," Darchiashvili stated. He added that there is active and intensive cooperation with partner international organizations to familiarize with the best international practices focused on deepening relations with the diaspora. The minister also emphasized the significant role and authority of the church within the diaspora, thanking the dioceses abroad and their leaders. He explained that Georgian parishes operating abroad serve as places of unification and connection for Georgian emigrants, where they feel their roots most strongly. Additionally, Ilia Darchiashvili expressed gratitude to the legislative and executive authorities and international donor organizations actively involved in addressing diaspora-related issues. The winners of the grant programs implemented by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs were announced during the event. Additionally, a special award was given to compatriots working abroad who have significantly promoted Georgia through their work. For years, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has been implementing three key grant programs: "Be a Young Ambassador of Your Country" (since 2018), "Support of Diasporic Initiatives" (since 2019), and "Support of Georgian Dance and Song Ensembles Operating Abroad" (since 2020). These programs have allocated grants to 278 diaspora projects. Since 2017, with the support of the International Center for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD), the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has also been running the project "Recognition of Special Merits of Representatives of the Diaspora," which awards compatriots living abroad for their exceptional contributions. The forum dedicated to the Day of the Georgian Diaspora is held annually to strengthen the ties and cooperation between the state and the diaspora, address existing challenges and opportunities, and enhance the role of diaspora representatives in the country's development. On 28 May the forum participants will continue their work in three thematic groups, discussing issues such as education and culture, business and economy, and information as the success mechanism of the diaspora. Documents Similar News