10 September 2021 On 8 September 2021, political consultations between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries were held in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia chaired the Georgian delegation, while the Estonian delegation was led by Deputy Foreign Minister, Rein Tammsaar. The agenda of the political consultations included a wide range of bilateral and multilateral relations, prospects for deepening sectoral cooperation between the two countries, including the importance of sharing Estonia's experience in a number of areas. The Georgian side thanked the Estonian partners for their assistance in implementing sectoral reforms, as well as for the decision to allocate COVID-19 vaccines. The sides discussed Georgia’s progress on the path to European integration and the importance of Estonia's support in this regard. Talking points included ways to bring Georgia closer to the EU, the prospect of applying for full membership in the EU in 2024 and future plans for the "Associated Trio". Teimuraz Janjalia informed his Estonian counterpart about Georgia’s expectations for the summit scheduled for December. The sides also focused on Georgia's contribution to strengthening international security and the importance of intensifying the NATO integration process. The Estonian side was briefed on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva Discussions and the Georgian government's peace policy. Discussions focused on the grave humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and gross human rights violations by the Russian Federation. The Deputy Foreign Minister highlighted the need for international partners’ consolidated position for maintaining the Russia-Georgia conflict-related issues high on the international agenda. The sides focused on the developments in the South Caucasus and Georgia’s role in these processes. Georgia's efforts of evacuation from Afghanistan were also positively assessed. The Estonian delegation reaffirmed its strong support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News