20 September 2017 20.09.2017, New York - On the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, the Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze held bilateral meetings met with Foreign Minister of Colombia María Ángela Holguín, Foreign Minister of Liechtensteinerin Aurelia Frick, Secretary for Relations with States of the Holy See Paul Gallagher, as well as the foreign ministers of Vanuatu and Guyana. During the meeting with the Colombian Foreign Minister, the sides noted with satisfaction the successful co-operation and political consultations between the two countries underlining the importance of creating the group of friendship with Georgia under the Parliament of Colombia. Special note was taken of the Days of Colombian Culture conducted in Tbilisi. The Colombian Foreign Minister expressed her interest in the ongoing reforms in Georgia, especially in the area of e-government. The two Ministers spoke about the possibilities of further deepening trade-economic relations as well. María Ángela Holguín invited Mikheil Janelidze to Colombia. The intensive character of high-level meetings and the successful co-operation between the two countries in multilateral formats were the main themes of discussions during the meeting with the Foreign Minister of Liechtensteinerin. Mikheil Janelidze and Aurelia Frick also spoke about the potential for the further development of relations in the areas of education and tourism. During the meeting with the Secretary for Relations with States of the Holy See, the sides highlighted the importance of the recent visit of the Pope of Rome to Georgia. Discussions focused on co-operation in the cultural, scientific and humanitarian areas. Taking points with the Foreign Ministers of Vanuatu and Guyana included development of co-operation in the areas of education, tourism and people-to-people contacts. During these meetings Mikheil Janelidze briefed his colleagues on the latest developments in Georgia’s occupied territories, Georgia-Russia conflict and Georgia’s peace policy. He also focused on the priorities of the chairmanship of the Open Government Partnership (OGP) Steering Committee. Within the framework of his visit to New York, Mikheil Janelidze participated in the Atlantic Council’s annual Global Citizen Awards dinner attended by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, and Chinese pianist, educator, and philanthropist Lang Lang and other honourable guests. Documents Similar News