20 May 2020 Against the backdrop of the global spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), which has posed significant challenges for Georgian citizens residing abroad, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia is launching a grant project within the framework of the “Support for Diaspora Initiatives” program. The project aims to provide effective assistance to compatriots abroad. The announcement was made today at a briefing by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Khatuna Totladze. Within the framework of the program, projects submitted by Georgian citizens living abroad will be funded on a competitive basis. Priority will be given to initiatives focused on assisting Georgian nationals abroad in the post-pandemic period, as well as on supporting the functioning of existing diaspora organizations and associations. Winners of the competition will be selected by a commission composed of representatives from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Education, Science, Culture and Sport, the Administration of the President of Georgia, and the Parliamentary Committee on Diaspora and Caucasus Issues. The implementation deadline for funded projects is set for 1 December of the current year. Eligibility is extended to Georgian citizens who hold a valid residence permit in their host country until at least 31 December 2020. Applications must be submitted electronically to the following address: [email protected] . It should be noted that, in accordance with the instructions of the Interagency Coordination Council under the Prime Minister of Georgia, the central office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, along with Georgia’s diplomatic missions and consular offices abroad, has been operating in 24-hour emergency mode throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Their efforts have focused on facilitating the gradual repatriation of Georgian citizens and providing assistance abroad in line with established criteria. The state grant program “Support for Diaspora Initiatives” has been implemented by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs since 2019. For further information regarding the grant program, interested individuals may contact the Diaspora Programs Division of the Department for Relations with the Diaspora at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia: Tel.: (+995 32) 2945000 (ext. 3108) Mob.: +995 551 080 060 Required application documents: Completed application form (Annex 2); Photograph; CV in Georgian; Copy of Georgian identity card or passport; Document confirming legal residence abroad (residence/work permit or visa valid at least until 31 December 2020); Completed budget form (Annex 3). The grant proposal must include: A description of how, by what methods, and with what resources the applicant will carry out the proposed work/services; The amount of grant requested; A detailed project budget; The implementation timeline; The expected outcomes. Annex 1 – Information about the program Annex 2 – Grant application form Annex 3 – Budget form Documents Similar News