24 January 2024 Another round of political consultations was held between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Department of Foreign Affairs of Ireland. From the Georgian side, the consultations were led by Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, from the Irish side - by Sonia Hyland, Deputy Secretary General of the Department of Foreign Affairs for Global Affairs. The sides expressed satisfaction with the regular nature of political consultations between the foreign ministries of the two countries and emphasized the importance of the existing platform for further deepening of cooperation. The heads of the delegation welcomed the recent dynamics in bilateral relations, which was manifested by the visit of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia to Ireland. Attention was drawn to the importance of signing the Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs and opinions were exchanged on the steps to be taken in the direction of its effective implementation. The sides highlighted the need for high-level visits, which will help maintain the current positive trend, as well as outline new, promising directions for cooperation. Considering the growing role of Ireland in the region and the world, the Georgian side expressed the expectation regarding Ireland’s active involvement in Georgia. Within the framework of the consultations, representatives of the delegations discussed current issues on the bilateral agenda. The necessity of further deepening of the economic direction and maximum use of the existing potential was noted. In this context, attention was focused on the importance of implementation of trade mission and direct air traffic. At the meeting, the sides paid special attention to the issue of Georgia's accession to the European Union. They welcomed the historic decision of the European Council on 14 December 2023 to grant Georgia a candidate status, which in turn was a clear recognition of Georgia's intensive work and achieved results. Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized the readiness of the Georgian side to continue its efforts in the implementation of reforms, including in cooperation with the European Union and EU member states. The deputy minister thanked the Irish side for their active support of the EU enlargement policy and Georgia's accession, which was reflected in a number of resolutions adopted by the country's parliament. The Georgian side expressed its expectation that Dublin will continue to strongly support Georgia's European future. In addition, opinions were exchanged on the importance of gradual integration into the European Union through broad involvement in the framework programmes and agencies of the European Union and integration into the European Union's single market, as well as in various sectoral policies, which will prepare Georgia for practically full-fledged membership. In this context, attention was focused on actively promoting the development of Black Sea energy, transport and digital connectivity - as a common EU-Georgia priority. The participants of the meeting discussed the difficult security environment in the occupied regions of Georgia, as well as the grave humanitarian and human rights situation in the occupied regions, against the background of Russia's military aggression against Ukraine. The Georgian side expressed concern over the provocative and illegal actions carried out by Russia and its occupation regimes, which resulted in the particularly brutal murder of two Georgian citizens in recent months. Also, the conversation touched on the policy and efforts of the Georgian government to resolve the Russian-Georgian conflict peacefully. The importance of effective involvement of European and international partners in the process of peaceful settlement of the Russian-Georgian conflict was emphasized. Within the framework of the consultations, the sides exchanged views on current issues of multilateral cooperation. The successful interaction within international organizations was noted with satisfaction. Along with bilateral and multilateral cooperation, the current situation and security challenges in the region were also discussed. Georgia's efforts to promote regional peace, stability and confidence building within the framework of the Peaceful Neighbourhood Initiative were positively evaluated. At the end of the meeting, the sides once again confirmed their readiness to promote further strengthening of relations between Georgia and Ireland. Documents Similar News