23 January 2023 On 23 January 2023, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hosted the opening ceremony of the coordination meeting of consular officers of Georgia abroad. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili spoke before 70 consular officers assigned to 55 countries of the world. The minister emphasized the need for proper and efficient operation of the consular service. According to him, the main task of Georgia, like any other democratic state, is to take care of its citizens both in and outside of the country. "Your steps and daily activities need to be adapted to the interests of the Georgian citizens abroad. You will be supported by the Government of Georgia and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in particular, to ensure that you take care of Georgian citizens even more effectively," the foreign minister said. He thanked the consular officers for their professionalism and dedication to their work and urged them to continue working actively to help their fellow citizens abroad. Within the framework of the event, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Khatuna Totladze, made a presentation of the steps and innovations introduced to improve the quality and availability of consular services. In particular, she noted the launch of a renewed reception center for consular services with enhanced capacities both at the operational and analytical levels. An updated website of consular services was also presented during the event. The updated website is adapted according to the needs of citizens allowing the user to create a data template, make electronic applications, check the status of applications and upload documents. In addition, the registered user, through his/her personal space, will be able to receive updated information about various events taking place in the country of residence. Participants of the meeting focused their attention on the important role of the honorary consul in building the country's image and improving consular services for citizens. Georgia already has 87 honorary consuls in 65 countries across the world. Within the framework of the coordination meeting due to take place from 23 to 27 January, the participants will discuss all important issues related to consular activities, including: improving the quality and availability of consular services, the legislative framework, modern technologies, effective assistance to citizens in crisis situations, increasing visa-free travel opportunities for Georgian citizens, personal data protection, circular labor migration, fight against trafficking, etc. Documents Similar News