14 June 2019 14.06.2019 – The OSCE Permanent Council has discussed so-called parliamentary elections conducted in the Russian-occupied Tskhinvali region. The Georgian delegation updated members of the OSCE Permanent Council on the so-called parliamentary elections. According to the Georgian side, this action of the occupation regime grossly violates Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. Besides, any kind of so-called elections held in the occupied territories are illegal and cannot give rise to any legal consequence, as they contradict the fundamental norms and principles of international law. These so-called elections represent yet another futile attempt of Russia and its occupation regime in Tskhinvali to legitimize ethnic cleansing of Georgians, illegal occupation and forceful redrawing of Georgia’s sovereign borders. Representatives of the EU, U.S., Canada, Azerbaijan, Ukraine and Georgia’s informal group of friends to OSCE made statements in support for Georgia. North Macedonia, Ukraine, Andorra, San Marino, Moldova, Montenegro and Iceland aligned themselves with the statement made on behalf of the 28 Member States of the EU. All speakers were unanimous in recognizing the illegitimacy of the so-called elections and its results as they are contrary to the principles of international law. They indicated in their statements that such actions hamper the peaceful conflict resolution process. The delegations also reaffirmed their firm support for the Geneva International Discussions. The OSCE Member States reaffirmed their full support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. They called on the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The EU Representative called on Russia to give the EUMM an access to the entire territory of Georgia, including Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia as stipulated by its mandate. In its statement made on behalf of the Group of Georgia’s Friends (U.S., Canada, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Norway, Ukraine, Latvia, Great Britain, Finland, Lithuania, Poland, Sweden, Ireland, Romania) to OSCE, the Polish delegation noted that such actions do not contribute to confidence-building and dialogue. The group members emphasized that Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region are integral part of Georgia. The Canadian delegation welcomed the adoption of the UN General Assembly Resolution on the „Statusof Internally DisplacedPersons andRefugeesfrom Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia, which is co-sponsored by Canada. The Ukrainian delegation condemned the conduction of the so-called elections in the Tskhinvali region and an attempt of ethnic cleansing by the occupying state. The Ukrainian delegation welcomed the Georgian Government’s steps towards conflict resolution and de-occupation. Documents Similar News