1 June 2023 On 1 June 2023, the first round of bilateral political consultations of the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Pakistan took place in Tbilisi, at the level of deputy ministers. The consultations were led by the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili and the Foreign Secretary of Pakistan, Asad Majeed Khan. Within the framework of consultations, the side discussed in detail all relevant issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral relations between Georgia and the Islamic State of Pakistan. The sides confirmed their readiness to activate bilateral political relations, including by developing a political consultation mechanism, and to develop cooperation in various areas, including tourism, agriculture, and education. The sides emphasized the need to deepen trade and economic ties in all possible directions and maximize the existing potential between the countries, including by developing investments cooperation, as well as by activating contacts between businessmen of the two countries and, for this purpose, the importance of organizing business forums. It was noted at the meeting that the development of bilateral relations between the two countries will be facilitated by the further improvement of the legal framework. In this regard, the importance of signing a memorandum of understanding on bilateral consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the two countries was emphasized. The sides agreed to continue working in this direction and to speed up the legal procedures on the pending agreements in order to sign them on time. A special emphasis was placed on the activation of cooperation within international organizations, including in terms of supporting each other's proposals/resolutions and candidacies. The sides shared information about the current developments in the South Caucasus and South Asia. Khvtisiashvili provided detailed information to his colleague regarding the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The importance of non-recognition policy for Georgia was emphasized. For his part, the head of the Pakistani delegation once again confirmed the steadfast position of the Pakistani government towards Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. After the meeting, a memorandum of understanding was signed between the foreign ministries of the two countries on bilateral consultations. The same day, the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan held meetings with the Deputy Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development of Georgia, Genadi Arveladze, and the First Deputy Minister of Justice, Tamar Tkeshelashvili. Documents Similar News