18 September 2018 8.09.2018, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 45thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister, David Dondua led the meeting from the Georgian side. Welcoming the new Co-chairs: Cihan Sultanoğlu, UN Representative in the Geneva International Discussions and Rudolf Michalka, Special Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office for theSouth Caucasus, the Deputy Foreign Minister wished them success in their future endeavours. The Deputy Foreign Minister expressed his deep concern over destructive steps of Russia and the occupation regimes, which pose a serious threat to Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism meetings, as well as to the Geneva International Discussions, in general. According to David Dondua, any damage to the peace formats will further aggravate the already difficult situation on the ground. However, he expressed the hope that, through the efforts of the international community, the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism will not be prevented from carrying out its work, in full compliance with the fundamental principles and procedures of negotiations. According to the Deputy Foreign Minister, 10 years after the Russia-Georgia War and the launch of Geneva International Discussions, the need to address security and humanitarian concerns of the conflict-afflicted population takes on a particular importance. In this light, he highlighted the necessity of full compliance by Russia with the international commitments under the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Special attention was paid to the key items on the agenda - non-use of force, creation of international security arrangements on the ground and the need to make progress on the return of Refugees and IDPs. Discussions also focused on issues on the agenda of the next round. Representatives of the Georgian delegation spoke extensively about steps taken by the Russian Federation towards the actual annexation of Georgia’s occupied territories, illegal militarization and military exercises ongoing in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, severe consequences of the installation of barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers across the occupation line, cases of illegal detention and kidnappings. Special accent was placed on deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories and the ban on native language education. It was highlighted that the grave human rights and humanitarian situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions contributes to further destabilization of the situation on the ground. The need to deliver justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli was posed most acutely. David Dondua urged the Co-chairs to further mobilize efforts in order to ensure that all existing challenges on the ground are addressed and the peaceful resolution process is facilitated, through the use of the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism. The 45th round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 9 and 10 October 2018. Documents Similar News