10 February 2025 On 10 February 2025, a preparatory meeting for the 63rd round of the Geneva International Discussions was held in Tbilisi with the participation of the Co-Chairs from the European Union, the United Nations, and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). The meeting was chaired on behalf of Georgia by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia. The discussions primarily focused on the need to ensure the effectiveness of the negotiation format. In this context, particular emphasis was placed on the key agenda items of the Geneva International Discussions, including the necessity of ensuring Russia’s compliance with its international obligations under the EU-mediated Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008, as well as the necessity to achieve progress in the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. Furthermore, the meeting underscored the importance of restoring the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism (IPRM) in Gali without any preconditions and ensuring that the mechanism is convened regularly in Gali and Ergneti in full accordance with its founding principles. The Georgian side highlighted the security, humanitarian and human rights situation in the occupied regions and in areas adjacent to the occupation line. Additionally, attention was drawn to actions that constitute blatant violations of fundamental principles of international law, aimed at the illegal annexation of the occupied territories. In this regard, the Georgian delegation emphasized the issue of the unlawful operationalization of an airport in the occupied Abkhazia region. Moreover, the Georgian side condemned the illegitimacy of the so-called presidential elections planned in the Abkhazia region, characterizing them as yet another grave violation of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The 63rd round of the Geneva International Discussions is scheduled to take place on 4–5 March 2025. Documents Similar News