18 November 2019 18.11.2019, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 50thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs.The Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting from the Georgian side. The issue relating to the provocative processes ongoing across the occupation line was posed most acutely at the meeting. The Deputy Minister paid special attention to the illegal detention of the famous Georgian doctor, Vazha Gafrindashvili by the occupation regime and called on the Co-Chairs to do their utmost to ensure his immediate release. Lasha Darsalia commented on the recent death of Margo Martiashvili, which provides a clear proof of the humanitarian crisis resulting from the closure of the occupation line in the Tskhinvali region. The Deputy Minister referred to the case of Tamar Gigauri, a resident of Akhalgori who is barred from crossing the occupation line to receive medical assistance in the Georgian hospitals. According to Lasha Darsalia, the closure of the so-called crossing points along the occupation line with the Tskhinvali region has resulted in total isolation of the population residing in the occupied territories and has created a threat to the lives of local residents. Conversations also included the illegal activities of the occupation troops near the village of Chorchana. It was stressed that such illegal steps are part of the deliberate policy of the Russian Federation aimed at destabilizing the situation on the ground. The participants of the meeting also put an accent on erection of artificial barriers and the increasing number of illegal detentions and kidnappings of Georgian citizens. Lasha Darsalia put a special accent on the need to resume the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism immediately, in compliance with the fundamental principles. The Co-Chairs expressed their concern over the difficult situation on the ground and stressed the need to resolve the crisis in the shortest possible terms. The Georgian delegation focused on destructive steps of Russia towards the factual annexation of the occupied territories, including the illegal militarization and military exercises ongoing in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Special accent was put on deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories, and the ban on native language education. The Georgian delegation highlighted the importance of delivering justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. Special attention was paid to the need to bring clarity into the suspicious death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia at the Russian military facility in the occupied region of Abkhazia. The parties reiterated the need to effectively use the Geneva International Discussions and to reach progress on the key issues on the agenda of the Discussions,. Special attention was paid to the necessity for the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and to the need to create international security arrangements in the occupied territories being an essential prerequisite for ensuring the return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin sustainable peace on the ground. Documents Similar News