5 December 2019 “30 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, my country is still divided into free and occupied parts by the razor and barbed wire fences. People are restricted from free movement and deprived of access to their houses, farmlands, religious sites, cemeteries or water supply. The occupation forces continue to kidnap local population, including women, children and even medical doctors. The recent case of illegal detention of Doctor Vazha Gaprindashvili, the president of Georgia’s association of Orthopaedist and Traumatologists, attests to the grave humanitarian impact of illegal occupation” - the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said speaking before the 26th Ministerial Council inBratislava. According to the Minister, the main threat to the OSCE region’s common security is the existing conflicts. The Minister also referred to the state of security and human rights in the occupied regions of Georgia and the occupation forces’ continuing aggression against Georgia. “The occupying power continues intensive militarization further destabilizing the situation on the ground. Moreover, Russia is moving forward by land grabbing and building posts deep into Georgian Government controlled territory” – Zalkaliani said. In his address, the Minister paid special attention to grave human rights violations in the occupied territories. According to him, ethnic discrimination of Georgians, who remain in the occupied territories, is used as a tool for political pressure on Georgia. “At any moment, they may face the fate of the other victims of the occupation regimes - Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria, Archil Tatunashvili and Irakli Kvaratskhelia. No one has been held accountable for the crimes committed against them and that has further strengthened the sense of impunity in the occupied regions” – the Minister said. According to him, Georgia has never turned away from its policy of the peaceful resolution of the conflict that has been demonstrated by fully implementing the EU brokered Ceasefire Agreement of 2008. “We have numerously attested our adherence to the non-use of force commitment and once again, call upon the Russian Federation to reciprocate, affirm and implement it”. “Russia’s aggressive policy aimed at redrawing borders in Europe through the use of force is not directed solely against Georgia. I would like to take this opportunity and reaffirm that Georgia will never recognize Russia’s attempted illegal annexation of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol and temporary occupation of parts of eastern Ukraine” – the Minister said. “International Community should redouble its efforts to make the Russian Federation abide by international commitments. Georgia is determined to firmly pursue the chosen path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration and consolidating its democracy. We are committed to sharing the benefits of our progress and achievements to our people on the other side of the occupation line” – Zalkaliani added. Documents Similar News