31 May 2018 On 31 May 2018, the OSCE Permanent Council held debates on the recognition by the Syrian regime of the so-called independence of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Deputy Permanent Representative of Georgia to OSCE, Maka Bochorishvili made a statement condemning the recognition by the Syrian regime of the so-called independence of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. According to the Georgian diplomat, the Assad regime made this illegal decision as a result of manipulation by the Russian Federation, by which the Syrian regime disregarded the international legal obligation. The OSCE Permanent Council was also informed on the launch of procedures for the cessation of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the Arab Republic of Syria. The Georgian side thanked the partner countries for their immediate response and support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. The EU representative on behalf of the EU strongly condemned the Syrian regime’s decision to establish diplomatic relations with Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region Delegations of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro, Albania, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Liechtenstein, Ukraine, and San Marino aligned themselves with the statement made on behalf of the EU. The EU representative reaffirmed the organization’s firm support for peaceful resolution of the conflict. He also emphasized that the EU supports Georgia’s non-recognition and engagement policy with respect to the aforesaid regions, including through the instruments of the European Union and OSCE. The U.S. delegation condemned the Syrian regime’s establishment of diplomatic relations with the occupied regions of Georgia. The U.S. delegation highlighted that these regions are part of Georgia and the position of the U.S. on this issue remains unaltered. The U.S. supports Georgia’s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity and calls on Russia to withdraw its forces to pre-war positions per the 2008 ceasefire agreement. The joint declaration of Canada, Iceland and Norway strongly condemns Syria’s decision and assesses it as a gross violation of international law, as well as of the principles of Georgia’s territorial integrity and sovereignty. According to the Swiss delegation, the decision of Syria contradicts the norms of international law. The statement of Ukraine’s Permanent Representative, which is based on the statement of the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry, also strongly criticizes the Syrian regime’s decision, which is clearly in line with the Kremlin’s intentions. Ukraine’s statement reads that Syria’s decision has no legal force, pursuant to international law. According to the Azerbaijani delegation, the Syrian regime’s decision points to the necessity for OSCE to double its efforts and to resolve the conflicts in the OSCE area on the basis of international law. Based on the statement of the Turkish delegation, the decision of Syria is a flagrant violation of international law, including the UN Charter. Documents Similar News