11 December 2023 The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, participated in the Eastern Partnership Ministerial Meeting held on 11 December 2023 in Brussels. The EaP meeting was attended by EU and EaP Foreign Ministers; High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Vice President of the European Commission Joseph Borrell; the European Commissioner Neighborhood for Enlargement, Olivér Várhelyi; Also, by representatives of the European External Action Service and the European Commission. The participants of the meeting discussed the results achieved within the scope of the Eastern Partnership, including the existing cooperation and the possibilities of its future development. special attention was paid to the challenges facing the EaP region. The sides put a special accent on the implementation of the flagship projects developed within the framework of the economic and investment plan, and emphasized the importance of increasing connectivity. The participants of the ministerial meeting supported the signing of the regional roaming agreement. At the ministerial meeting, the EU representatives emphasized the prospect of Georgia, Ukraine and the Republic of Moldova joining the European Union and the recommendations contained in the European Commission's enlargement report of 8 November. The European Union and its member states once again expressed their support for the granting of candidate status to Georgia. Minister Ilia Darchiashvili welcomed the European Commission’s positive recommendation to grant a candidate status to Georgia, which is a clear recognition of the very intensive work done by Georgia and the results achieved in this regard. He expressed the hope that the EU leaders will support the European Commission’s recommendation and will make another strategic decision on 15 December based on the country's individual merits and progress, which will pave the way for Georgia to start negotiations on joining the European Union. The Minister put a special accent on the economic and investment plan developed within the format and on the economic and political importance of Georgia’s flagship projects, which will bring tangible benefits to the population of the country and practically prepare the country for EU membership. The Minister also focused on the importance of fully exploiting the Black Sea potential and future plans for the development of infrastructure connecting the European Union and Georgia. Talking points also included security challenges facing the region. Documents Similar News