25 March 2022 On 24 and 25 March 2022, Tbilisi hosted the 7th regular session of the Georgia-EU Association Committee. The meeting held in a hybrid format was co-chaired by the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia and the Director for Russia, Eastern partnership, Central Asia and OSCE at the European External Action Service (EEAS), Luc Devigne. Representatives of the Georgian state agencies took part in the sitting, including the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, the First Deputy Minister of Defence, Lela Chikovani, the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ekaterine Guntsadze, the Deputy Minister of Environment and Agriculture, Nino Tandilashvili, the First Deputy Minister of Defence, Tamar Gabunia and Deputy Minister Tamila Barkalaia, representatives of the Parliament of Georgia, the Government of Georgia, the Public Defender, the Central Election Commission, the Personal Data Protection Service and the Special Investigation Service, as well as the European External Action Service, the European Commission and the EU Delegation to Georgia. At the meeting, the sides reviewed a wide range of issues related to Georgia-EU cooperation, including the progress made in terms of reforms under the Association Agreement. The Georgian side highlighted the steps towards democracy, free and fair elections, good governance, independence of court, the rule of law and the protection of human rights. The EU positively assessed the cooperation with Georgia in the field of police and border protection, including within the framework of the EU agencies - Frontex and Europol. The European Union welcomed Georgia's involvement as an observer in the European Migration Network. The sides discussed issues of economic and sectoral cooperation and the progress achieved in the process of gradual approximation of the Georgian legislation with that of the EU, as well as the strengthening of transport, energy and digital connectivity with the EU, and the importance of rapprochement with the so-called "Green Agreement". The sides also reviewed the fruitful cooperation in the field of science and education, as well as culture, and the successful participation of Georgia in such EU programs as Ersmus +, Horizon Europe, Creative Europe. Special mention was taken of Georgia’s participation as the host of the European Cultural Festival "Europalia" for 2023-2024, which gives Georgia a unique opportunity to introduce its history, culture, tourism opportunities to European countries. The participants of the meeting also discussed the steps taken by the Georgian authorities to combat the pandemic and to develop primary health care, including the introduction of digital technologies, as well as the protection of labor rights in the country and the establishment of labor inspections in line with European standards. The meeting highlighted the role of EU technical and financial assistance programs in the successful implementation of reforms in the country. The participants of the meeting of the Association Committee paid special attention to Russia's unprovoked full-scale military aggression against Ukraine and the consequent security challenges in Europe. The Georgian side reaffirmed its strong support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders and shared with EU officials the information on its political and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine. The sides exchanged views on the threats facing Georgia, as well as the difficult security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. Discussions focused on the EU's role in the peaceful settlement of the Russian-Georgian conflict, including through the functioning of the EU Monitoring Mission, co-chairing of the Geneva International Discussions and the implementation of a policy of non-recognition and engagement. The progress on the Georgian peace initiative "Step towards a better future" was also discussed. The EU reaffirmed its support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and stressed its readiness to strengthen Georgia's resilience to hybrid threats. Documents Similar News