11 December 2019 The 50th round of the Geneva International Discussions was held on 10-11 December 2019. During the negotiations the issue of release of Medical Doctor Vazha Gaprindashvili illegally detained by the Tskhinvali occupation regime was raised with particular emphasis. The representatives of the EU, UN, OSCE and the US unanimously demanded the immediate release of Georgian Doctor from the illegal custody. The Georgian delegation sharply raised the issue of extremely deteriorated security and human rights situation in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as in the villages adjacent to the occupation line. The recent increased provocations by Russia and its occupation regimes were emphasized in this context, namely the illegal activities of occupation forces in the vicinity of village Chorchana, on the Georgian Government controlled territory; erection of barbed wire fences, closure of the occupation line, and frequent cases of kidnappings, the culmination of which was the illegal detention of Doctor Gaprindashvili. The Co-Chairs, as well as the participants from Georgia and the US strongly condemned the illegal detention of EUMM monitors by the occupation forces on 24 October on the Georgian Government controlled territory. They assessed such action of the occupation regime as unprecedented provocation, and underscored that it is totally unacceptable to impede the Mission's work. It was reiterated that the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) must be allowed to enter the occupied territories and fulfill its mandate throughout the whole territory of Georgia. Against the background of intensified provocations on the ground, the necessity of immediate resumption of the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRMs) in Gali and Ergneti, without any preconditions, and in full respect of the founding principles and ground rules, was underlined. Particular emphasis was made on the cases of erection of barbed wire fences and different artificial barriers along the occupation line by the representatives of Russian Federal Security Service, which restricts local families’ access to agricultural land plots, negatively impacts the living conditions of conflict-affected people and leads to further destabilization of the situation on the ground. The grave humanitarian situation in Gali and Akhalgori districts was raised with particular emphasis, including the restrictions imposed at the occupation line and the isolation of local population from the rest of Georgia. The Georgian participants pointed out that both the death of Ms. Margo Martiashvili and health condition of Ms. Tamar Gigauri clearly attest the severe consequences of restrictions on freedom of movement across the occupation line and access to medical care. During the discussions, ethnic discrimination and oppression of Georgians living in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions were stressed. The Georgian delegation sharply raised the issue of prohibition of education in native language for Georgians living in the occupied territories as part of the deliberate russification of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The necessity of execution of justice with regard to cases of murder of Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili, as well as the issue of death of another Georgian citizen Irakli Kvaratskhelia at Russian military base illegally stationed in the occupied Abkhazia region was once again raised. The representatives of Georgia noted that the Russian Federation continues illegal occupation of Georgia’s indivisible regions and takes steps towards their factual annexation, grossly violating the obligations undertaken by the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The Georgian participants stressed that Russia’s illegal military presence, intensified militarization and constant military exercises in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions represent use of force and threat of force by Russia against Georgia, which once again underlines the urgent need for affirmation and implementation of the non-use of force commitment by Moscow. The Georgian delegation emphasized that the cessation of fire and non-use of force can only be guaranteed through the establishment of international security mechanisms inside the occupied territories, which at the same time will create a solid basis for lasting peace and security. Traditionally, one of the core issues of the agenda was the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees, who have been forcibly expelled from Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions as a result of ethnic cleansing. The representatives of the EU, UN, OSCE, the US and Georgia underlined the necessity of substantial discussions on this topic. However, with the encouragement and leadership of the Russian delegation, the participants from Moscow, Sokhumi and Tskhinvali again tried to politicize this humanitarian topic and walked out of the negotiations. The Georgian participants thanked Mr. Erik Høeg, Head of EUMM, for his efforts directed at peace and security in Georgia and wished him success in his future endeavors. The information session on „Global Perspectives on Non Use of Force Concept and Corresponding Implementation Measures” was held prior to the negotiations. Throughout the session, comprehensive discussion took place on the examples of international security mechanisms, which have been necessary for ensuring the cessation of fire and non-use of force in different conflict regions around the world. The next round of Geneva International Discussions will be held on 31 March and 1 April 2020. The Geneva International Discussions were launched on the basis of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The discussions are held within the frames of two Working Groups, where participants are represented in their individual capacity. In the first Working Group talks are focused on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, while in second Working Group – on humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as on the issues related to safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News