23 May 2017 23.05.2017, Tbilisi - The 10th meeting of the U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Commission's (SPC) Democracy and Governance Working Group was held on 23 May at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia. The Georgian delegation was led by First Deputy Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani and First Deputy Minister of Justice Alexander Baramidze. The U.S. delegation included the co-chairs of the meeting: Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Bridget Brink, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor Scott Busby and USAID Acting Assistant Administrator for Europe and Eurasia Margot Ellis. The Georgian delegation also included a broad interagency delegation as well as representatives from the parliamentary majority and opposition. The sides discussed Georgia’s progress on democratic reforms, including in the areas of political pluralism, media freedom and judicial independence. Discussions also focused on the ongoing constitutional reforms in the country. “The meeting, in general, was very positive and fruitful. We exchanged views over the reforms ongoing in the areas of democracy and governance. The U.S. side reaffirmed that deepening strategic partnership with Georgia remains the priority of the U.S. Foreign Policy and the U.S. will continue to financially support the development of democratic institutions in the country. It is noteworthy that the U.S. side highly appraises the progress Georgia has achieved towards democratic development. Such close co-operation will further continue and deepen through our joint efforts” - Georgian First Deputy Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said following the meeting. He thanked the U.S. side for its important contribution to and unconditional support of Georgia’s democratic development. საქართველო-ამერიკის შეერთებული შტატების სტრატეგიული პარტნიორობის ქარტიის კომისიის დემოკრატიისა და მმართველობის სამუშაო ჯგუფის შეხვედრის ერთობლივი განცხადება Joint Statement of the U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Commission Working Group on Democracy and Governance Documents Similar News