11 November 2021 The Council of Europe Secretary General's twenty-fourth consolidated report on the conflict in Georgia was discussed at the meeting of the Deputy Ministers of the Council of Europe on 10 November 2021. The meeting was attended by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia. The 24th consolidated report covers the human rights, humanitarian and security situation in Georgia’s occupied territories during period between April 2021 and October 2021. Based on the report, the Government of Georgia strongly condemned the “agreement” between the Russian Federation and South Ossetia on simplified procedures for receiving dual (Russian) citizenship. Furthermore, the Georgian government conveyed its deep concern with respect to the reported decision to modify the cadastral map of the Russian Federation to include the village of Aibgha in the municipality of Gagra in Abkhazia. The Georgian central government communicated the health situation of illegally detained Irakli Bebua and stressed the need for his immediate release. The delegation was in particular informed that no progress had been achieved on the investigation demanded by the Georgian authorities into the deaths of Giga Okhtozoria, David Basharuli and Archil Tatunashvili, nor regarding the deaths of Irakli Kvaratskhelia and Inal Jabiev. According to the report, the humanitarian situation in the occupied regions remains tense, especially for ethnic Georgians living in the Gali and Akhalgori districts. The report focuses special attention on the Georgian Government’s peace initiatives and on the state programmes in the field of health care and social welfare that continue to be offered to the populations in the occupied territories of Georgia. The report highlights that the State Strategy for De-Occupation and Peaceful Conflict Resolution aims to achieve de-occupation of the Georgian territories and reconciliation of the communities torn apart by the war. During the review of the Council of Europe Secretary General's twenty-fourth consolidated report, the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia updated the participants of the meeting on the dire security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia. The EU issued Statement on the Secretary General's 24th consolidated report on the conflict in Georgia The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the Council of Europe Secretary General's 24th consolidated report on the conflict in Georgia and highlights the importance of maintaining the issue high on the Council of Europe’s political agenda. Documents Similar News