21 November 2018 20.11.2018, Brussels – Within the framework of his visit to Brussels, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with representatives of the Georgian Diaspora abroad. Discussions focused on the platform of communications with Georgian citizens abroad and on the recently-created Sunday School Books. According to the Minister, Diaspora-related issues are of priority importance and the Ministry puts forward an increasing number of new initiatives in order to strengthen the Georgian Diaspora abroad and ensure their strong connection with their homeland. The Minister brought to the attention of Diaspora representatives the Georgian Government’s new initiative on Diaspora web-portal. According to the Minister, the web-portal which is based on the single window concept will serve as an effective platform of communication between the State, private sector and Diaspora. It has been designed to give Georgian citizens abroad an access to various government services, programmes and projects. Zalkaliani asked them to put forward their proposals and recommendations to ensure that the final product meets the Diaspora needs to the maximum extent. Zalkaliani also highlighted the importance of Sunday School Books created through the support of the Georgian government. Along with the Georgian language classes, the book provides lessons in the history, geography and culture of Georgia. The book was created at the initiative of the Georgian Foreign Ministry and through the support of the Ministry of Education and Science. The book is designed according to the modern principles of teaching and provides Georgian compatriots living abroad with proper language and communication skills. There is currently a total of 84 Georgian Sunday Schools functioning abroad and 11 Georgian language courses attended by up to 3000 children aged 6 to 14. Within the framework of the meeting, Zalkaliani handed the books to Brussels and Antwerp Sunday Schools. The meeting held at the Georgian Embassy in Brussels was attended by members of the Georgian Government. Documents Similar News