15 December 2023 Within the framework of his visit to the Republic of Singapore, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, held a meeting with the Deputy Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Singapore, Kevin Cheok. During the meeting, the sides discussed the existing cooperation between Georgia and Singapore. Discussions focused on the importance of the exchange of high-level visits between the countries, of deepening the inter-parliamentary relations and mutual support within the framework of international organizations. Alexander Khvtisiashil thanked his Singaporean colleague for supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as the resolutions initiated by Georgia at the United Nations. For his part, Kevin Cheok once again confirmed Singapore's unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within the internationally recognized borders. At the meeting, special attention was paid to discussing the possibilities of future economic cooperation between the two countries. The parties noted the trade-economic and tourism potential of the two countries. The importance of direct air traffic between Georgia and Singapore was also emphasized. Within the framework of the visit, Alexander Khvtisiashvili met the Deputy Minister of Transport of Singapore, Ye Ping Lee, to discuss the initiatives to activate cooperation and share experience in the fields of transport-logistics, services, tourism, production, and energy. A meeting was also held with the Director of the Department of Europe and Central Asia of the Ministry of Trade and Industry, Denies Periera, within the framework of which the parties discussed the ways and opportunities to activate bilateral trade and economic relations. Special attention was paid to the development of bilateral trade and the importance of increasing the export of Georgian products to Singapore. Meetings were also held with the Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Singapore Dven Tan Loo-Ru and representatives of Singapore's business circles, who were provided with updated detailed information about the current developments, investment and tourism opportunities and business environment of Georgia. The meeting was attended by the heads of more than 30 Singaporean companies. Documents Similar News