4 November 2025 On 4 November 2025 the European Commission published a Joint Communication on Enlargement Policy along with the individual country reports assessing the efforts of the candidate and potential candidate countries, including Georgia, on their EU accession path. It is concerning that the enlargement report is used to articulate groundless negative assessments on Georgia and to spread further political speculations. It is regrettable that the Commission’s report is biased with regard to Georgia when assessing a range of events. However, it is not surprising given the persisting silence of the EU institutions with regard to events that took place in Tbilisi during the municipal elections held on 4 October 2025, to recognize the assault on the state institutions of Georgia and violence used by protesters. Moreover, the joint statement by the HRVP Kaja Kallas and Commissioner for Enlargement Marta Kos creates ground for misleading interpretations. As it is well known, the Commission’s report reflects the progress achieved based on contributions submitted by a candidate country as well as the on work carried out within the dialogue formats established under the Association Agreement signed with the EU. It must be noted that based on the European Council conclusions of 27 June 2024, the EU, on the pretext of suspending political dialogue with Georgia, refused to hold any single meeting envisaged in the Association Agreement, at any level during the last year. Moreover, it refused officially to proceed with the assessment of Georgia’s progress based on its Economic Reform Programme submitted in line with the methodology developed for the candidate/potential candidate countries. Against the background of improving Georgia’s positioning in various global indexes, including in terms of government integrity, bureaucracy and fight against corruption, well-functioning government, as well as evident stable macro-economic environment and high economic growth, serious questions arise regarding objectivity of assessments given in the Commission’s report. The actions and statements of the EU institutions with regard to Georgia are a matter of concern, as they aim to influence the internal politics of the country and run counter the spirit of EU-Georgia relations and our common interests. We condemn all attempts directed towards using the issue of EU accession as a political instrument, which harm the relations between the EU and Georgia. Georgia remains fully committed to the agreements signed with the EU and continues to honour its obligations under the Association Agreement in good faith, with the goal of further aligning the country with the European standards. The government of Georgia as a responsible and reliable partner reaffirms its readiness for constructive, respectful and mutually beneficial cooperation with the EU – based on shared values and principles, and not on coercion. Documents Similar News