2 August 2019 Georgia’s Ambassador to Canada and Permanent Representative to ICAOKonstantine Kavtaradze met with President of ICAO Council, Olumuyiwa Benard Aliu and Secretary General Fang Liu, Director of the Air Navigation Bureau Stephen Creamer, Chief of the Airspace Management and Optimization Section, Chris Dalton, Director forAviationSafety, Catalin Radu, Heads of Missions of the countries accredited to ICAO. The focus of discussions was the information on the occupation regime’s attempts to operate international flights from the territory of occupied Abkhazia, from the Sokhumi airport, in particular. The Ambassador underlined that by taking such steps Russia defies the fundamental norms and principles of international law and the UN Charter, and grossly violates Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The ICAO representatives highlighted that the ICAO as the United Nations specialized agency, aligns itself with the position of the General Assembly and the international community and unequivocally recognizes Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. According to them, political aspects of the problem are discussed within the framework of the UN, whereas technical and legal aspects are governed by the Chicago Convention and ICAO Rules. They, in particular, underscored that the Chicago Convention and ICAO principles prohibit member states from carrying out such actions in the air navigation, which violate the sovereignty of another country. Moreover, the internationally recognized territory of Georgia, including Abkhazia, has been assigned by the ICAO a special code FIR (Flight Information Region), which cannot be changed without Georgia’s consent. ICAO will not even consider any application, including by Russia, regarding the change of FIR as the airspace code can only be changed by consent of the country concerned – the ICAO representatives said. According to them, whatever the code Russia assigns to Sokhumi airport, ICAO will always consider it part of the Georgian airspace. For his part, the Georgian Ambassador explained that according to the Law of Georgia on Occupied Territories the Abkhazia region and the airspace above it are subject to special legal regime banning international flights to/from the occupied territories. Konstantine Kavtaradze underscored that the Sokhumi airport remains closed since 1993 due to the 1992-93 hostilities. According to him, Abkhazia is an integral part of Georgia and any kind of air traffic above this territory is subject to the Georgian Government’s consent and permission. Besides, given the fact that the Abkhazia region remains occupied by Russia and the Government of Georgia is therefore unable to exercise its legitimate jurisdiction over the territory of Abkhazia, the Georgian civil aviation authorities cannot provide oversight over the safety and security of flights. The Ambassador called upon the President and the Secretary General of the ICAO Council as well as other ICAO officials and representatives of member states, to give due assessment to Russia’s illegal attempt, and demand Moscow to respect international legal norms. The ICAO representaives thanked the Ambassador for information and reaffirmed, on behaf of ICAO, their support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. Documents Similar News