12 September 2023 On 12 September 2023, another round of political consultations at the level of deputy ministers was held between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Republic of Turkiye in Istanbul.The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, and the Turkish delegation - by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Turkey, Ambassador Burak Akçapar. During the consultations, the sides welcomed the existing strategic partnership and active bilateral cooperation between Georgia and the Republic of Turkiye. The Turkish side expressed strong support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia, as well as for Georgia's integration into NATO. The importance of conducting high-level visits was also emphasized. Discussions focused on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The Georgian side informed the host side in detail about the security challenges and the dire humanitarian situation. The importance of holding the meeting of the high-level strategic council, the existing format of cooperation between Georgia and Turkiye, was noted. Special attention was paid to the current challenges facing the region and the ways to solve them. The role of Georgia and Turkiye in promoting stability and peace in the region was highlighted. Emphasis was put on the prospects of deepening trade and economic cooperation between Georgia and Türkiye. Special attention was focused on the issues of multilateral cooperation, the importance of implementing important joint regional projects and the need to fully use the transit and transport potential of the two countries. Note was taken of the importance of multilateral cooperation between Georgia and Turkey within the international organizations. The sides once again confirmed the readiness for deepening strategic partnership. At the end of the political consultations, the sides agreed to intensify cooperation in various areas. Documents Similar News