28 June 2017 28.06.2017, Tbilisi - As part of the celebration of the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Japan, Japanese Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs Motome Takisawa paid a visit to Georgia from 26 to 28 June. The Japanese Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Foreign Affairs was hosted by Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. The sides discussed important issues on the agenda of bilateral relations focusing on the increasing level of economic co-operation between the two countries. The two delegations highly appraised the decision to start negotiations on Bilateral Investment Treaty – BIT, which will act as an additional stimulus for Japanese companies to get interested in Georgia’s favourable business climate and investment projects. Mikheil Janelidze thanked the Japanese Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Japan’s considerable contribution to the democratic and economic development of Georgia. Special mention was made of the East-West Highway Project implemented through the financial support of the Japanese government, which plays an important role in the development of not only Georgia but also of the Caucasus region as a whole. The Georgian Foreign Minister spoke about the need to further strengthen friendly ties between the two nations, which will be facilitated by the Japanese Government’s decision to simplify visa requirements for Georgian citizens. Motome Takisawa, for his part, thanked the Georgian side for warm welcome describing his visit as extremely successful. Within the framework of the visit, Japanese Parliamentary Vice-Minister Motome Takisawa, together with Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili and Minister of Infrastructure and Regional Development Zurab Alavidze participated in the opening ceremont of the 15.2 km Zestaponi-Kutaisi section of the East-West Highway. The project valued at 71 mln GEL and 22 mln euro was financed by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). On 27 June, as part of Vice-Minister Motome Takisawa’s visit to Georgia, the internationally acclaimed ballet dancer and artistic director of Zakaria Paliashvili State Ballet of Georgia Nina Ananiashvili was formally accorded the Order of the Rising Sun featuring decorations of Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon - a Japanese state award recognising her contribution tocultural relations between the two countries. Documents Similar News