21 August 2025 On 21 August 2025, bilateral political consultations were held in Yerevan between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Armenia and Georgia. The parties expressed satisfaction with the traditionally friendly relations and strategic partnership between Georgia and Armenia. Emphasis was placed on the growing dynamic of exchanges of high-level visits. The sides reviewed recent significant developments in the South Caucasus region. The Georgian side welcomed the historic agreement concluded on 8 August 2025 in Washington “On Peace and the Establishment of Interstate Relations between the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Republic of Armenia.” Particular attention was drawn to the role and active engagement of the United States. The Georgian side reaffirmed its readiness, if necessary, to contribute to the strengthening of long-term peace and cooperation in the region. In this context, reference was made to the trilateral regional meeting of deputy foreign ministers of Armenia, Georgia, and Azerbaijan, held in Tbilisi on 17 April 2025. Special attention was devoted to fruitful sectoral cooperation among neighboring countries. The parties discussed successful collaboration and future prospects in the areas of trade and economy, customs, tourism, culture and education. The Armenian side once again reaffirmed the Republic of Armenia’s unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. The Georgian side provided its counterparts with detailed information regarding the grave security and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. The parties also expressed satisfaction with the positive dynamics of cooperation between the two countries within international organizations. Both sides confirmed their readiness to further deepen bilateral relations and underscored the importance of holding regular bilateral political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs. The consultations were co-chaired, on the Georgian side, by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, and on the Armenian side, by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Vahan Kostanyan. Documents Similar News