9 February 2021 On 9 February 2020, the European Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy published an annual report regarding the implementation of the Association Agreement of behalf of Georgia in 2020, outlining in detail the implemented reforms in a wide array of dimensions. The document concludes that, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, Georgia unwaveringly continued down its chosen path of European integration. It is also noted that the obligations taken within the framework of the Association Agreement are successfully fulfilled by Georgia, including in terms of harmonisation of legal codes, as well as the implementation of EU standards in terms of human rights protection. The EU reconfirms its staunch support for territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognised borders, discussing its active involvement in the process of resolution of conflicts. The peace initiative proposed by the Government of Georgia (GoG) is also underscored in the report - “Step Towards a Better Future”, which gained a rather positive assessment, as well as support from the EU. The report positively assesses the improved statistics in terms of Georgia joining the statements of the EU concerning foreign and security policy, which indicates the existence of a coherent position regarding said dimensions. The report also extensively covers the parliamentary elections held in Georgia in Autumn of 2020, which, as per the assessments provided by monitors of international organisations, were held in a competitive environment, with fundamental freedoms protected in general. Simultaneously the report provided a positive assessment of the amendments made to the legal code regarding elections, resulting in the new system, which was employed for the 2020 parliamentary elections. This solidified Georgia’s course to fully switch to a proportional electoral system by 2024. Additionally, the report confirms that, despite high levels of polarisation, in Georgia the Media environment is pluralistic and competitive. The aforementioned report outlines a wide array of sectors where reforms were implemented on behalf of the GoG, including consolidation of democracy, electoral system reformation, human rights protection, judiciary, corruption and fight against organised crime, economic development, border administration, protection of private information, public administration, trade, competitiveness policy, regional development and decentralisation, healthcare, agriculture, statistics, the financial sector, environmental protection, education, youth and innovations, transport and energy. The report also provides a positive assessment regarding the positive dynamics in terms of harmonisation of Georgia’s norms and standards to those of the EU, underscoring a plethora of legal steps taken by the GoG, including on the law regarding the Labour Code and Labour Inspection Service, Protection of Rights of Children, steps taken within the framework of the reform of public administration, amendments made to the law regarding Competitiveness, state acquisitions and issues concerning intellectual property; adoption of a new legal code regarding forests, which establishes a sustainable management system in terms of forestry, the legislative package regarding energy efficiency, which is to support the implementation of energy efficiency policies in the country, etc. The report also discusses the existing economic and fiscal challenges associated with the current global pandemic. Despite this, the report admits that Georgia has managed to retain a successful position in international ratings, including the 7th place of the World Bank Business Environment ratings (out of 190 countries), as well as the 2nd place in the Ease of Starting Business ratings. The report underscores that, despite the decreased trade, the EU, as a unified trading blockm is to remain the largest trading partner of Georgia and that Georgia continues to exert efforts in terms of receiving recognition of Georgian products in the EU common market. The report shows Georgia as one of the most successful states in terms of participation in EU educational programmes – within the framework of the “Erasmus+” programme, where Georgia ranks among top 10 countries. https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage/92853/2021-association-implementation-report-georgia_en Documents Similar News