24 October 2018 24.10.2018, Poland – Within the framework of his visit to Poland, the Georgian Foreign Minister, Davit Zalkaliani held a meeting with his polish counterpart, Jacek Czaputowicz. Highly appraising the historical friendship between Poland and Georgia and Poland’s active support to Georgia both in bilateral and multilateral format, the sides paid special attention to the Tbilisi Conference, through which Poland provides Georgia with essential support in the implementation of the European and Euro-Atlantic agenda. The Ministers welcomed the third meeting of the Tbilisi Conference due to be held in Warsaw, which will be focused on culture and energy. The sides agreed to expand the scope of the Tbilisi Conference to include the issues of Georgia’s integration with the EU and NATO. The sides highlighted Poland’s special role in the further development of the EaP policy and vision, also in the light of the upcoming 10th anniversary of the EaP, which should be effectively used for raising awareness about this format. Special note was taken of Georgia’s progress on the European and Euro-Atlantic integration path, in the context of institutional, legislative and other reforms; the successful implementation of the Association Agreement, including the DCFTA; the EU integration roadmap. Zalkaliani thanked his Polish colleague for organizing the European foreign ministers’ visit to Georgia 10 years after the Russia-Georgia war that was yet another proof of firm support and solidarity with Georgia. Reaffirming his support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and the government’s peace policy, Jacek Czaputowicz said that it is important that the issue of Georgia remains high on the international agenda, in order to maintain peace and stability on the ground, and that the international community gets consolidated against Russia. The Ministers welcomed the Resolution adopted by the Polish Parliament 10 years after the Russia-Georgia war where Poland once again condemns Russia’s aggression against Georgia, the difficult humanitarian situation and human rights violations in the occupied territories. The importance of Georgia’s involvement in various economic and energy formats and projects and Georgia’s role in the development of the Europe-Asia energy corridors was also highlighted. Highly appraising the successful co-operation within the Visegrád-EaP Initiative, the sides took a special note of the Visegrád Group’s importance in advancing Georgia’s European integration. The sides highlighted projects on legal employment of citizens within the framework of circular migration that have been carried out under the aegis of the International Migration Organization. According to the Ministers, there is a big potential for the development of economic co-operation between Georgia and Poland, and the Free Trade Agreement with the EU provides a further layer of support to this co-operation. Zalkaliani welcomed the opening of Poland’s Investment and Trade Agency in Tbilisi and positively appraised increased tourist flows from Poland that is further facilitated by the operation of direct flights. Discussions also focused on Georgia-Poland relations in the areas of education and culture. The Ministers welcomed the setting up of an inter-governmental working group on culture. The Georgian delegation thanked the Polish Foreign Minister for initiating Georgia’s membership of the European Network Remembrance and Solidarity (ENRS). A respective protocol of intent was signed within the margins of the Tbilisi Conference. ​ Documents Similar News