9 July 2019 09.07.2019, Batumi – Batumi will host Batumi International Conference “Georgia’s European Way” on 11 and 12 July 2019. The conference of this year is unprecedented by its scale as it is dedicated to the 10th anniversary of Eastern Partnership. The event will bring together highest- and high-level representatives of the EU and various countries, including President of the European Council Donald Tusk, European Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Management Christos Stylianides, Foreign Ministers of Poland and Sweden as Eastern Partnership initiating countries: Jacek Czaputowicz and Margot Wallström, Deputy Prime Minister for Judicial Reform and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria Ekaterina Zaharieva, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia Zohrab Mnatsakanian, Minister of European Integration of the Republic ofSerbia Jadranka Joksimović, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary Péter Szijjártó, Chairman of the Foreign Affairs, Defence and Security Committee of the Senate of the Czech Republic Pavel Fischer, Minister of State for Europe at the Federal Foreign Office of Germany Michael Roth, Secretary of State of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova Daniela Morari, Deputy Foreign Ministers of Albania, Belarus and Azerbaijan, State Secretaries at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Norway and Montenegro, Vice-speakers of the Parliaments of Germany, Romania and the Kingdom of Sweden. Minister of Foreign Affairs David Zalkaliani will deliver opening remarks at the 16thBatumi International Conference- A Partnership that Matters – 10 Years and Beyond. President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze, Chairman of the Parliament Archil Talakvadze, President of the European Council Donald Tusk and Chairman of the Government of the Adjara Autonomous Republic Tornike Rizhvadze will also speak before the audience. Participants of the two-day conference will take stock of the results achieved within the framework of the Eastern Partnership during the past ten years, will exchange their opinions on further advancing the European integration process and will discuss plans for the future. The first session of the large-scale conference will be dedicated to the launch of the Eastern Partnership and will highlight the effectiveness of this strategic project. As far as it is known, Sweden’s and Poland’s strategic and ambitious EaP initiative was launched in 2009 to support accelerated political association and economic integration with the EU of 6 Eastern European countries (Azerbaijan, Belarus, Moldova, Ukraine, Georgia and Armenia). Eastern Partnership brought the relations between the EU and the partners to a qualitatively new level and opened up a way for bringing them closer to the EU. It needs to be highlighted that Georgia made a full use of the opportunities offered by Eastern Partnership, including by signing the Association Agreement, launching visa-free travel with the countries of the EU/Schengen area, and acceding to the Energy Community. The nine sessions of the two-day Conference will deal with such issues as the development of Eastern Partnership as one of the most successful initiatives of the EU foreign policy, democratic transformation in various partner countries, Black Sea security, hybrid threats and other important topics. The Conference will end by a wrap-up session on 12 July. The Conference dedicated to the 10th anniversary of Eastern Partnership will be attended by representatives of civil society, academic and business communities and non-governmental sector. Batumi International Conference “Georgia’s European Way” has been held since 2007. This year’s conference differs from the preceding ones by content, unprecedented scale and the level of its participants. On the sidelines of the international conference, Batumi will also host the first investment forum of Eastern Partnership, which will be opened by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze. The event that will bring together over 400 participants will be co-organized by the European Commission, the Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development, and the Centre for European Governance and Economy. The forum will be attended by Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development Natia Turnava, as well as by high-ranking officials of Ukraine, Armenia, Belarus, Azerbaijan and Moldova, high-level representatives of investment agencies, large business communities, international companies, the European Investment Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The forum will open on 11 July. Documents Similar News