27 June 2018 27.06.2018 – On 26 June US Congressmen submitted a bipartisan letter to US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer urging to start negotiations with Georgia on a free trade regime. The letter is signed by 30 Republican and democrat congressmen. “As strong supporters of our bilateral relationship between the United States and the Republic of Georgia we write to urge you to strongly consider initiating bilateral trade agreement negotiations with the Georgia” – reads the letter. The letter emphasises Georgia’s key position between Iran, Turkey and Russia and its position as a gateway to the countries of Central Asia. “Georgia is a gateway to eight landlocked Central Asian countries, with a combine market size of 120 million people and a combined economy of $300 billion. It is also serves as an alternative energy supply route from Asia to Europe”. According to the congressmen Georgia has recently implemented several important economic reforms, particularly with respect to its tax and regulatory regimes that make it an increasingly investment-friendly environment. In their words, deepening economic integration between the US and Georgia would further increase peace, stability and economic development in the region. “At a time of negative regional economic pressures caused by an increase in Russian aggression through disruptive economic and trade practices, a trade deal between the United States and Georgia has never been more important. This is especially true given the important role Georgia plays in facilitating the transit of energy resources from to Europe” – reads the letter The letter highlights the strategic partnership between Georgia and the U.S., Georgia’s remarkable progress over the past two decades in enacting political and economic reforms; the long-term contribution Georgia has made to military campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan; Georgia’s key role in promoting stability in the Caucasus region. “A bilateral trade agreement would serve to further cement the deep ties between our two nations” – reads the letter. Given the economic and geostrategic importance of the American-Georgian relationship, the congressmen once again strongly encourage the U.S. Trade Representative to launch negotiations of a bilateral trade agreement with Georgia. Documents Similar News