2 October 2019 The North Atlantic Council (NAC) will pay a visit to Georgia on 3 and 4 October 2019, at the invitation of the Government of Georgia. Deputy Secretary General of NATO RoseGottemoellerwill head the delegation comprised of Permanent Representatives of the 29 Member States of the Alliance. Within the framework of the visit, the NATO-Georgia Commission will hold a meeting chaired by the Prime Minister of Georgia and the Deputy Secretary General of NATO. The North Atlantic Committee and the Deputy Secretary General of NATO, for her part, will hold bilateral meetings with the President of Georgia, Prime Minister, Chairman and members of the Parliament, officials of the Georgian Government. Meetings will be conducted with representatives of the non-governmental sector. The North Atlantic Council will visit two Georgian coast guard vessels in the Batumi Port. On the sidelines of the visit, the Deputy Secretary General of NATO will deliver a lecture at the Batumi State University that is highly important in terms of increasing awareness and involvement of our students, young generation. Chairman of the Ajara Government will also speak before the attending audience. The NAC pays its fifth visit to Georgia, which is unprecedented in the history of Georgia’s cooperation with the Council’s partner countries and a clear evidence of successively increasing level of relations and intense cooperation between Georgia and the Alliance. Georgia, as one of the most devoted and interoperable partners of NATO attaches paramount importance to this visit of the North Atlantic Council and its unconditional political support for Georgia’s membership of the Alliance that provides yet another proof of the irreversibility of Georgia’s NATO integration process. The North Atlantic Council (NAC) is the principal politicaldecision-making bodywithinNATO. Therefore, it is important that its members arrive in Georgia in person, to see for themselves Georgia’s progress in strengthening defence capabilities, as well as in successfully delivering democratic reforms. In the margins of the visit, discussions will focus on all issues relating to Georgia’s membership of the Alliance with special accent on the political dialogue between NATO and Georgia and on the need to further deepen the practical cooperation, including in terms of strengthening Black Sea Security. The NAC’s fifth visit will also serve as an important signal to our society. The increasing number of the North Atlantic Council’s visits clearly indicate that there are special links of cooperation between the Alliance and Georgia. The NAC’s visit, which is held prior to the SummitofNATOHeads ofStateand Government scheduled for December clearly shows that Georgia as a NATO aspirant country is high on the Alliance’s agenda and is a valuable and reliable partner of NATO. The North Atlantic Council (NAC) is the principal politicaldecision-making bodywithinNATO chaired by the NATO Secretary General. It brings together representatives of each member country to discuss policy or operational questions. This visit serves as a powerful signal of the Alliance’s political support for Georgia. Documents Similar News