16 March 2020 The so-called referendum conducted in Crimea six years ago under the pressure of Russian armed forces led to the illegal occupation and annexation of the Crimean Peninsula and the City of Sevastopol by the Russian Federation. These acts were committed in gross violation of the fundamental norms and principles of international law, the UN Charter and the 1975 Helsinki Act, as well as in complete disregard for the Constitution and legislation of Ukraine. In its Resolution 68/262 adopted on 27 March 2014, the UN General Assembly affirms its commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders, including the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, and does not recognize the results of the referendum. The Russian Federation continues its aggressive and illegal actions against Ukraine. The Crimean Peninsula and the City of Sevastopol, as well as parts of Ukraine’s eastern regions remain annexed. The Russian Federation is building its forces in the temporarily occupied territories. There are reports of an increasing number of flagrant violations of human rights and freedoms, as well as the norms of international humanitarian law. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemns the occupation and annexation of the Autonomic Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol and the attempt to forcefully change the internationally recognized borders of Ukraine – an experience our country has already come through. This practice of occupation and annexation undermines the established international order posing a serious threat to international security, peace and stability. The firm and consolidated position by the international community is of utmost importance in order to resist the ongoing aggression against sovereign states and to ensure peace and stability through establishment of meaningful international security mechanisms on the ground. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia reaffirms its firm support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. Documents Similar News