1 September 2017 1.09.2017, Budapest - the Foreign Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) reaffirm their strong support to the Eastern Partnership considering it to be a key factor of stability in Eastern Europe. This is indicated in the Joint Statement of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group adopted in Budapest on 31 August. Based on the Joint Statement, the V4 Ministers reaffirm their strong support to the Eastern Partnership as a strategic dimension of the European Neighborhood Policy and a key and active factor of stability, security and economic progress in Eastern Europe. They urge to keep the Eastern Partnership high on the EU’s political agenda. The Ministers emphasize that the Eastern Partnership should have a clear political narrative, a new strategic vision and an architecture that guarantees joint ownership of European institutions, Member States and partner countries. They agree that the Brussels Declaration should reflect different aspirations of the partner countries and offer a European perspective for those interested, as well as to set out an ambitious agenda for the Eastern Partnership in the longer term. The Ministers support the Eastern Partnership’ focus on regional cooperation, inclusivity, common values, mutual accountability, differentiation and its multilateral dimension. They emphasize the need to react strategically to the consequences of the present challenging geopolitical situation both for the Eastern Partnership countries and the European Union. In this context they underline the necessity of continuing the reforms in partner countries to strengthen their internal stability, resilience and civilian security, and welcome the Summit’s focus on tangible benefits delivered to citizens of the six Eastern Partnership countries. They also emphasize the importance of cooperation on strategic communication. The V4 Ministers welcome the introduction of visa-free travel for Georgian and Ukrainian citizens into the Schengen zone. This will undoubtedly contribute to enhance people-to-people contacts among the EU and the partner countries. In addition, the V4 also welcomes the upcoming entry into force of the Association Agreement/Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area between the EU and Ukraine. The Ministers reconfirm that the implementation of Association Agreement/Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area is the key task for Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine to further develop their relations with the European Union. The Ministers emphasize the importance of pursuing the implementation of all of the four Riga priorities: strengthening institutions and good governance; economic development and market opportunities; connectivity, energy efficiency, environment and climate change; mobility and people-to-people contacts. They highlight the special importance of the development of transport and infrastructure interconnections between the EU and the Eastern Partnership countries. The document reads that “Better connections shall contribute not only to the strengthening of economic cooperation and people-to-people contacts, but also to the tightening of political ties”. For the Joint Statement visitthe link at:Joint Statement of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group on the occasion of the meeting of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the V4 and the Eastern Partnership countries Documents Similar News