25 November 2025 On 25 November 2025, the next round of bilateral political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Republic of Croatia took place in Zagreb. The Georgian delegation was led by First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Giorgi Zurabashvili, while the Croatian delegation was headed by Frano Matušić, State Secretary for Political Affairs at the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of Croatia. During the meeting, the parties conducted a detailed review of the agenda for bilateral and multilateral cooperation between Georgia and Croatia and discussed prospects for its further development. Emphasis was placed on the importance of continuing political dialogue and holding regular bilateral political consultations. Both sides positively assessed the dynamics of Georgia-Croatia relations. Special attention was given to trade and economic cooperation, as well as collaboration in the fields of transport, agriculture, tourism, culture, and education. During the consultations, Giorgi Zurabashvili provided the Croatian side with comprehensive information on ongoing political processes in Georgia. He underscored that Georgia’s European aspirations remain a central priority of the country’s foreign policy and outlined the progress achieved on the path toward European integration. He also expressed regret regarding the perceived lack of objectivity in the EU enlargement report and the cancellation, on 21 November 2025, of the planned Georgia-EU Human Rights Dialogue by the European External Action Service. The Croatian side highlighted the necessity of maintaining political dialogue with Georgia and expressed its readiness to share experience and support Georgia on its path toward European integration. Within the framework of the consultations, Giorgi Zurabashvili also met with Andro Krstulović Opara, Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Croatian Parliament. The meeting was attended by Ivica Ledenko, Head of the Georgia-Croatia Inter-Parliamentary Friendship Group. The discussions focused on inter-parliamentary cooperation and prospects for further deepening bilateral relations. The Croatian side reaffirmed its support for Georgia’s European integration path and expressed interest in enhancing cooperation in this regard. During the meeting, the First Deputy Minister also addressed the current situation in the region and related security challenges. Documents Similar News