16 November 2017 16.11.2017 – Based on the Resolution adopted by Baltic Assembly held in Estonia, the members of the Assembly reiterate their support to the European aspirations and European choice of the Eastern Partnership countries. The document, in particular, calls on the governments of the Baltic States to assist the Easter Partners in advancing the reformation process and increasing societal resilience; to promote strengthening of cooperation and coordinated efforts between the EU and the U.S. in regard to the Eastern Partnership policies and to continue provision of political and economic support to GUAM countries. The Baltic Assembly also urges the governments of the Baltic States to be guided by its recommendations dated 10 October 2017 regarding the support of the European aspirations of the Eastern Partnership countries, the necessity of differentiated approach for cooperation with the partners and the need of consolidation of Eastern Partnership format. The document also emphasizes the need to continue joint efforts to diminish the impact of pressure exerted by the Russian Federation and reaffirms the support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the partners. In parallel to the Baltic Assembly, a regular meeting of the Baltic Council was held in Estonia, which adopted a joint statement. According to this statement, the Eastern Partnership has proven to be very successful in institutional reforms, good governance, economic opportunities, market access, interconnections and energy efficiency as well as people-to-people contacts, thus enhancing stability and prosperity. The statement also emphasizes that: “The Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia remain under de facto occupation by Russia and the illegal borderization and creeping annexation of both occupied territories is continuing. In this regard, we call upon Russia to respect its international commitments”. According to the Joint Statement of the Baltic Council, the reforms carried out by the Eastern Partners will bring concrete benefits to the citizens of these countries. Documents Similar News