9 June 2022 The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili met with the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Wopke Hoekstra during his working visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Wopke Hoekstra welcomed the visit of the Georgian Foreign Minister to Hague, while Ilia Darchiashvili expressed his gratitude for the warm and friendly hospitality. The Ministers noted with satisfaction the traditionally friendly and partner relations between Georgia and the Kingdom of the Netherlands, as well as the increased level of interaction on both bilateral and international issues. In this regard, the sides welcomed the 30th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the two countries, which gives an additional impetus for the further development of cooperation agenda. The Georgian Foreign Minister expressed his gratitude for the Netherlands’ support of Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and stressed in this regard the importance of the UN Resolution on the Status of Internally Displaced Persons and Refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali Region / South Ossetia, Georgia adopted on 8 June traditionally supported and co-sponsored by the Kingdom of the Netherlands as a strong ally and partner of Georgia. At the meeting, the Ministers reviewed the security environment in the region and the impact of the ongoing war in Ukraine on it, focusing in this context on the challenges facing Georgia and on the situation in the occupied region of Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili informed his counterpart about Georgia’s strong support towards Ukraine, including on political or humanitarian steps that have already been taken in this direction. The Foreign Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands praised Georgia's significant support for Ukraine and thanked his counterpart for standing by the international community in this process. Discussions focused on Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. The sides took special note of Georgia's progress in terms of successful implementation of the reforms under the Association Agreement and the integration process, as well as of the positive impact of this process on the further development and prosperity of the country. As it was noted at the meeting, it is important to recognize the efforts of the Georgian people and the Government of Georgia and to make an appropriate decision on the application for membership by the EU-affiliated trio. The Dutch side reaffirmed its support for Georgia's European path and expressed commitment to continue to actively assist the country in this direction in the future. The Ministers noted the very positive trend in trade and economic relations between Georgia and the Kingdom of the Netherlands and expressed his commitment to work actively in this direction to identify new opportunities and bring closer the business communities of the two countries. The participants of the meeting stressed the importance of maintaining active high-level contacts in strengthening friendly ties between the two countries, which is reflected in close communication between the Prime Ministers of the two countries, as well as in active interaction of the Foreign Ministers. Ilia Darchiashvili invited his colleague to pay an official visit to Georgia. Documents Similar News