17 September 2021 During his visit to Brussels on 14 and 15 September 2021, the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia met with representatives of the EU External Action Service - Pedro Serrano, Head of Cabinet of the EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Enrique Mora, the Deputy Secretary General of the European External Action Service. The key point of discussions was the EU's effective involvement in the de-occupation of Georgian territories and the peaceful settlement of the Russia-Georgia conflict. Lasha Darsalia stressed the role of the EU, as the mediator and guarantor of the 12 August ceasefire agreement, in facilitating the issue of the Georgian occupied territories with Moscow. The First Deputy Minister spoke in detail about Russia's illegal actions in the occupied territories the use of hybrid instruments. Highlighting the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories, Darsalia underlined that Russia uses human rights and humanitarian issues as a tool of political pressure. The accent of the meetings was on the peaceful conflict settlement policy and the efforts of the Georgian authorities to de-occupy the country, on the one hand, and on the other hand, to reconcile and engage with communities living beyond the occupation line. Lasha Darsalia informed the EU representatives about the intensive work being done within the framework of the governmental commission set up for the development and implementation of the state strategy for de-occupation and peaceful settlement of the conflict. He stressed the importance of inclusive peacekeeping, which involves extensive dialogue and engagement with government agencies, various segments of civil society - experts, NGOs, academics and IDPs. The First Deputy Minister stressed the importance of international partners’, and primarily, of the European Union’s active involvement in the process. The sides highlighted the dynamics of the Geneva International Talks and the need to make progress on key issues on the agenda, such as implementation of the ceasefire agreement, non-use of force and safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The sides discussed the security environment in the South Caucasus. Lasha Darsalia stressed that Moscow's actions in Ukraine, Georgia and throughout the South Caucasus are part of one and the same policy directed against peace and security in Europe. The First Deputy Minister noted Georgia's commitment to promote peace and cooperation in the region and stressed the need to strengthen the EU involvement in the region. Lasha Darsalia thanked the EU for its strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and for its efforts to resolve the Russia-Georgia conflict. It was noted that due to the acute security and humanitarian situation on the ground, the issues related to the occupied regions of Georgia will remain atop the international agenda. Documents Similar News