29 December 2020 During the annual summary press-conference held on 29 December the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, discussed the plans for addressing results and challenges associated with the process of strengthening Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as peaceful resolution of the Russo-Georgian conflict. Today the Russo-Georgian conflict and the issue of occupied regions of Georgia stand atop the agenda of all international formats. The international community openly discusses the threats and challenges emanating from Russian occupation on a regular basis. This includes the initiative of our Estonian partners, which came on the 12th anniversary of the Russo-Georgian war, within the framework of the UN security council. The issue is also on the agenda of OSCE, as well as the Council of Europe Ministerial conferences and other high-level events” – stated the Minister. According to Zalkaliani, as a result of active efforts of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, throughout the year a number of highly important international documents were adopted, including: UN human rights resolution, reports of the high commissionaire of human rights and UN Secretary General regarding the status of refugees and IDPs from occupied regions of Georgia. Also, the number of supporters and co-sponsors of the “Status of internally displaced persons and refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia” has increased. Likewise, there were: the 21st and 22nd consolidated reports of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, the decision of the committee of deputy ministers of the Council of Europe, joint statements of the OSCE friends of Georgia group (incumbent and future members – with 3 year terms). The latter, unlike in the past, addresses the themes of the Russo-Georgian conflict in far more detail. The Foreign Minister noted, that de-occupation of Georgia’s territories, preventive measures in terms of possible escalations and stopping the de-facto annexation process are to remain as the main priorities. According to Zalkaliani, cooperation with our strategic partners will only continue to increase and all existing formats of negotiations will be put to active use. According to the statement of the Minister, all efforts are directed towards ensuring protection of human rights on the occupied territories of Georgia, allowing international organisations to entre said regions and providing limitless access to the EUMM to the entirety of Georgia. “We are actively working to ensure that all those responsible for human rights violations in the occupied regions receive their dues. We are working towards gaining international support for the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list” – stated Zalkaliani. Documents Similar News