27 October 2022 The 2nd round of bilateral political consultations at the level of deputy ministers was held between the ministries of foreign affairs of Georgia and the Republic of the Philippines, on 27 and 28 October 2022, in Manila, the capital of the Republic of the Philippines. The consultations were led by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili - from the side of Georgia, and by the Deputy Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of the Philippines, Teresa Lazaro, from the side of the Philippines. Within the framework of consultations, the sides discussed in detail all relevant issues on the agenda of both bilateral and multilateral relations between Georgia and the Republic of the Philippines. Special emphasis was placed on the activation of cooperation within the international organizations. The sides emphasized the importance of further improving the existing bilateral legal framework between the two countries. The signing of the agreement "between the Government of Georgia and the Government of the Republic of the Philippines on visa-free travel for holders of diplomatic and service passports" was noted with satisfaction. The sides touched on the importance of developing the relations between the two countries in the fields of tourism, culture, environmental protection, agriculture and education, as well as of the necessity of deepening trade and economic ties in all possible areas. Discussions focused on global and regional security issues, as well as on the emerging threats and challenges. The Georgian delegation provided detailed information regarding the current situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. On his part, the head of the delegation of the Republic of the Philippines once again confirmed his government’s steadfast support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. The sides paid special attention to the importance of celebrating the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the Republic of the Philippines in 2022. At the end of the political consultations, the sides once again confirmed their readiness to continue close cooperation on bilateral and multilateral agenda issues that will upgrade the relations between the two countries to a qualitatively newer level. Within the framework of the visit to the Philippines, the Georgian delegation held meetings with Ana Carolina Sanchez, Chief of Staff of the Department of Trade and Industry of the Republic of the Philippines and with George Barcelona, ​​President of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Republic of the Philippines. Documents Similar News