28 November 2023 „We are given a unique opportunity to present the ancient Georgian culture among the world masterpieces of art in the Holy See, in a space that carries cultural values of world importance“ - Ilia Darchiashvili about the unveiling of the Iveron icon of the Mother of God on the territory of the Vatican. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Georgian delegation to Vatican took part in the historic ceremony of the inauguration of the mosaic copy of the miraculous Iveron Icon of the Mother of God, which was placed in one of the specially selected places of the Vatican. „It is a profound honor for us that today’s event is being held at this very important stage for the Georgian nation. As you know, recently, the European Commission issued the recommendation for the European Council to grant Georgia the status of an EU candidate country. We have an optimistic expectation that the EU leaders will make a positive decision based on this recommendation in December. With the status of a candidate country, our state will get even closer to the European family and its full membership. Georgia is a historical part of Europe - with its culture, beliefs, ideals and values. Our country, for centuries, represented a natural bridge connecting Asia and Europe, Eastern and Western civilizations, and this fact successfully facilitated dialoguebetween societies, exchange of ideas and strength of relationship“ - said the minister in his speech at the ceremony. The Minister particularly highlighted the special merits of Pope Francis and the Catholicos-Patriarch of Georgia, Ilia II, in the realization of the historic decision to place the mosaic copy of the Iveron Icon of the Mother of God in the Vatican territory, and thanked Pope Francis on behalf of the Government of Georgia for his personal contribution to this extremely important decision. The Minister also thanked the Ambassador of Georgia to the Holy See, His Royal Highness, Batonishvili Ketevan Bagration-Mukhranbatoni, and the President of the Governorate of the Holy See, His Eminence, Cardinal Fernando Vérgez Alzaga, for the realization of the mentioned initiative. In his speech, the minister paid special attention to the close friendly relations between the Vatican and Georgia. “We greatly appreciate the excellent relations between Georgia and the Holy See. Last year, the 30th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the Holy See was celebrated with a number of events, which once again demonstrated centuries-old mutual friendship and traditional cooperation. A very visible example of our spiritual and cultural relations became on June 26, in the Sistine Chapel of the Vatican, surrounded by Michelangelos frescos, by the singing choir of the Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi, the performance of unique samples of Georgian polyphony, intangible cultural heritage of humanity. Two choirs - Orthodox and Latin - together sang the glorious Ave Maria of His Holiness and Beatitude, Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia, Ilia II. “Today’s event is as well a continuation of these cherished relations” - said the minister. It should be noted that the hoisting of the mosaic mural of the Iveron Mother of God in the Vatican was decided as a result of many years of active negotiations between Georgia and the Holy See. Representatives of the Vatican City-State and members of the delegation of the Patriarchate of Georgia took part in the event together with the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Documents Similar News