29 November 2023 On 29 November 2023, the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies of the Council of Europe reviewed the 28th consolidated report "Conflict in Georgia" of the CoE Secretary General. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, participated in the session. The Secretary-General’s 28th consolidated report describes the dire security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line from April to September 2023. It should be noted that the term "occupation line" was mentioned for the first time in the report - thus the Council of Europe emphasized the occupation of Georgian regions by Russia. While discussing the Secretary General’s 28th consolidated report to the Committee of Deputy Ministers, the Secretary General drew attention to her recent visit to the occupation line to explore the situation on the ground. She expressed her deep concern over the killing of Tamaz Ginturi Georgian civilian, by the Russian occupation forces and emphasized the importance of delivering justice in this and previous cases. The Secretary General welcomed Georgia's peace policy. Marija Pejčinović Burić noted that the Council of Europe will continue its activities within the scope of its mandate, including the practice of receiving consolidated reports. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, addressed the participants of the session. He thanked the Council of Europe for adopting the report and keeping the issue of Georgia high on the agenda of the Council of Europe. The First Deputy Minister spoke about Russia's violation of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement and Russia's strengthening of effective control over the territory of Georgia. He emphasized the Georgian government’s commitment to the policy of peaceful resolution of the conflict. During the review of the consolidated report - "Conflict in Georgia", supporting statements were made by the European Union (Albania, Andorra, Georgia, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, North Macedonia, San Marino, Ukraine joined the EU statement), Moldova, Serbia, Ukraine, Iceland, Delegations of Cyprus, Norway, North Macedonia, United Kingdom, Azerbaijan, Montenegro, Armenia, Croatia, Bulgaria, Turkey, Mexico, USA and Japan. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the 28th consolidated report of the CoE Secretary General and emphasizes the importance of keeping this issue on the political agenda of the Council of Europe. Documents Similar News