12 November 2018 Within the framework of his visit to Finland, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani met with Georgian Diaspora representatives. The Minister updated them on the ongoing developments in Georgia, the challenges facing the country and Georgia’s foreign policy achievements. The Minister spoke about the Georgian Government’s Action Plan and key priorities of the development of the country. The Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted the priority importance of working on diaspora-related issues. Special note was given to a great number of initiatives and projects the Ministry intends to carry out abroad in order to support Georgian Diaspora. It was noted that Georgia has a small diaspora in Finland, but nevertheless it plays a big role in raising awareness of Georgia in Finland, in popularization of the country and in improving bilateral Georgian-Finnish cultural relations. Special note was taken of Georgia’s great potential in the area of tourism. The Minister expressed his gratitude to Georgian compatriots for their active participation in attracting Finnish tourists. Lots of projects are also carried out for bringing the two nations closer together. Special attention was paid to the importance of Georgian Sunday Schools in foreign countries in terms of maintaining the Georgian language and national identity. Representatives of diaspora welcomed the publishing of the new books for Sunday Schools initiated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s European integration agenda. Diaspora representatives received information on visa-free travel regime and the measures taken by Georgian Government to prevent cases of abuse of asylum seekers. They also received information regarding the situation in the occupied regions of Georgia, prospects of peaceful settlement of the conflict, as well as details of program of Georgian government "Step for a Better Future". Minister David Zalkaliani visited Finland on 11-12 November, 2018. ​ Documents Similar News