10 July 2017 Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze participates in the 9th Eastern Partnership Informal Dialogue Session hosted by Moldova. One of the key issues on the agenda will be the preparation of the Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels” scheduled for 24 November 2017. Participants of the informal dialogue highlighted the importance of the next summit due to give a fresh impulse to the already strong relations between the Eastern Partnership countries. Special attention was paid to the EU Document „20 Deliverables for 2020” setting forth specific plans and initiatives which are oriented towards bringing more tangible results to the populations of the partner countries. Participants of the informal dialogue highlighted the European Union’s ambitious External Investment Plan approved by the European Parliament last week which aims to contribute to business, sustainable development, and creation of jobs in the partner countries. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, the Georgian Government’s reforms and priorities are in line with the EU Strategy. He singled out for special mention concrete initiatives such as those facilitating SME growth and business support services, access to finances, harmonization of digital market, public administration reform, upgrading cooperation with the EU in the field of security and defence, expanding physical interconnections through integrating with the Trans-European Transport Network, as well as more opportunities for the youth to access EU higher education institutions for research and study. Mikheil Janelidze welcomed the conduction of the sectorial session on energy-efficiency issues. He highlighted Georgia’s role in the energy diversification process and its contribution to the strengthening of energy security. According to the Minister, Georgia’s membership of the Energy Community is seen as an important step towards sectorial integration with the EU. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, Georgia is currently focused on the effective implementation of the EU Association Agenda leading the country to its eventual goal – full membership of the EU. European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations, Johannes Hahn and the Deputy General Secretary of the European External Action Service, Jean-Christophe Belliard also attended the meeting, along with other high-ranking officials from the Eastern Partnership countries. ​ Documents Similar News