27 December 2022 Ilia Darchiashvili: "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs will make a special contribution to the achievement of the common goal, which is called a better future of Georgia." The annual meeting of heads of Georgian diplomatic missions abroad "Conference of Ambassadors 2022" continues in a working format. The Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Deputy Ministers met the Georgian ambassadors abroad. Along with the foreign policy achievements of the current year, the participants of the ambassadorial meetingalso discussed the action plans for the next year. The conversation touched upon the challenges facing Georgian diplomacy and such topical issues of Georgia's foreign policy as: achieving the territorial integrity of Georgia through peaceful means; European and Euro-Atlantic integration; The role of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the economic development of Georgia; cultural diplomacy; relations with diaspora; cooperation with international organizations; bilateral and multilateral diplomatic relations; Administrative, organizational and consular issues. "The main priority of our government is to protect the national interests of the country. Georgia's interests are first of all - this is the main issue of our agenda, around which we are all working together", said the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili during his speech at the "Ambassadors' Conference 2022". At the conference, special attention was paid to the importance of European and Euro-Atlantic integration and Georgia's achievements in this process. As the Minister of Foreign Affairs noted, joining the European Union is the cornerstone of Georgia's foreign policy. According to him, Georgia's application for EU membership is based on Georgia’s successful path in this direction, namely: ambitious reforms carried out by the government in a number of areas, tangible results achieved in the implementation of the Association Agreement, visa-free regime with the European Union and other achievements. The participants of the conference discussed the steps taken in 2022 towards joining NATO. Both the practical and political significance of the approval of a set of “tailored support”measures for Georgia. Discussions at the conference also focused on the issue relating to the peaceful restoration of territorial integrity and de-occupation. Special note was taken of the importance of consolidating international efforts in the process of strengthening the peace and reconciliation policy for the restoration of territorial integrity. Speaking about the security challenges and the importance of establishing long-term peace in the region, the conference participants also discussed the Peaceful Neighborhood Initiative launched by the Prime Minister, the purpose of which, along with the development of a dialogue between the two neighboring countries, is to strengthen and outline the role of Georgia. The annual meeting of heads of diplomatic missions of Georgia abroad - "Ambassadors' Conference 2022" - is held from 26 to 28December. Documents Similar News