7 June 2021 “The visit of the Latvian Foreign Minister, Edgars Rinkēvičs, comes as a clear representation of the partnership between our two states and the support that Latvia shows towards Georgia” – stated the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, when assessing his meeting with his Latvian colleague. According to Zalkaliani, Latvia is Georgia’s closest ally and Georgia appreciates the loyalty and friendship that Latvia and the Foreign Minister, Rinkēvičs, express towards Georgia for many years now. According to the statement of the Georgian Foreign Minister, today, when Georgian-EU relations are on a high level, Latvia represents one of the more active and loyal partners of Georgia upon our path towards European integration. According to Zalkaliani, considering the regional challenges, Georgia remains loyal to European values, staunchly continuing down the path of reforms, which are to prepare the country for applying for accession into the EU by 2024. Georgia’s short-term goal, according to the Minister, is to integrate more closely with the EU economy in terms of sectoral integration and access for Georgia onto the common market. “We are convinced that with our Latvian friends and partners we can achieve everything” – stated Zalkaliani. According to him, the Georgian people and government also deeply appreciate the staunch support on behalf of Latvia in terms of Georgia’s integration into NATO. “Latvia recognises Georgia’s progress and the fact that NATO-Georgian relations have never been so dynamic and essentially active as today” – pointed out the Minister. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked his Latvian counterpart for Latvia’s staunch support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, noting that Georgia deeply appreciates their involvement in the EUMM, ensuring security on the ground. According to him, today, when Georgia is unwavering in terms of peaceful resolution of the conflict, active involvement of our partners and the international community is of utmost importance. Their clear position on said issue creates a strong foundation for sustainable peace and security. According to David Zalkaliani, the visit of Rinkēvičs comes as another great opportunity in terms of both bilateral as well as multilateral relations, discussing issues on both agendas. According to the Minister, the political dialogue and cooperation between Georgia and Latvia on issues of defence and security, trade and economy, as well as tourism and people-to-people diplomacy are dynamic and continue to deepen on annual basis. “We agreed to continue communication and high-level visits in the future in order to further deepen relations” – stated Zalkaliani. On June 7-8th the Latvian Foreign Minister, Edgars Rinkēvičs, is holding an official visit to Georgia, within the framework of which he will also meet with the Georgian PM, Irakli Gharibashvili, and the Speaker of Parliament, Kakha Kuchava. During his stay in Georgia the Latvian Foreign Minister will visit the occupation line in the village of Odzisi, acquainting himself with the situation on the ground. Additionally, Edgars Rinkēvičs will honour the fallen heroes who fought for Georgia’s unity, laying wreath to the Heroes’ Memorial, making a note in the book of most dignified guests. Documents Similar News