12 August 2020 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, made an address during an online conference – “Georgia and its Neighbours”, where he discussed the important dimensions of US-Georgian relations. According to the statement of the Minister, the US and other European partners supported Georgia in terms of combatting the crisis spurred by the Novel Coronavirus. “Our long-term partnership with the US in the field of healthcare was very important for the success achieved by Georgia in terms of the fight against the Pandemic,” – stated Zalkaliani, underscoring the lion’s share of efforts exerted by the world-class Richard Lugar research laboratory set up with the support of the US in terms of the aforementioned struggle. In his address, the head of the Foreign Ministry discussed the importance of deepening US-Georgian relations, expressing readiness, confirming that the telephone conversation held between the Georgian PM and the US State Secretary represents another manifestation of the above-mentioned support. "Nothing will be as effective in terms of strengthening our relations more than the initiation of negotiations regarding the agreement concerning free trade between our countries. We are absolutely ready to strengthen the already existing connections, while creating new ones," - stated the Minister. According to Zalkaliani, the years of coordination and cooperation helped Georgia to become a strong and important partner for the West in the region. The Minister also duly noted the constitutional amendments legislated by the Georgian parliament. "With significant assistance from our international partners, chief among them the US, our state has taken a historic leap in terms of constitutional amendments and free and fair elections, which are grounded in the best practices of European Parliamentary Democracy (taking into consideration the recommendations given to Georgia by OSCE/ODIHR). The strong will and immense efforts of the Georgian Government to increase parliamentary pluralism and introduce a fully proportional parliamentary system by 2024 is an unprecedented case of justice and freedom, within the greater democratic framework, demonstrating our readiness to hold free and fair, democratic elections. I am convinced that the October elections will stand out as another step taken forward by Georgia on its path towards European and Euro-Atlantic integration," - noted David Zalkaliani. The video-conference was organised by the Levan Mikeladze Fund and the Georgian-American Business Council and was attended by theDeputy Secretary of State Stephen Biegun. Documents Similar News