4 December 2018 According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, discussions at the NAC meeting with the Georgian and Ukrainian foreign ministers focused on the security situation in the region. It is important that for the second time already, Georgia and Ukraine are viewed through the regional prism. The Minister highlighted that the participants of the meeting paid special attention to all issues relating to Georgia’s integration with NATO and made statements in support for Georgia. “Partners recognize Georgia’s tangible progress in terms of implementation of all practical instruments that aim to achieve the ultimate goal – membership of NATO, and they recognize the progress Georgia has made on its path of integration with NATO, and speak about the necessity to start discussions on the steps that need to be taken to achieve membership. I heard many supporting statements today and it is very encouraging, and points to the very positive dynamics from out NATO partners” – Zalkaliani said. According to him, no critical remarks were made at today’s meeting. Discussions focused exclusively on the positive, in particular, on democratic reforms carried out in the country, including in the area of defence, as well as towards the institutional strengthening According to the Minister, the Allies congratulated Georgia on the successful conduction of the presidential elections and expressed their readiness to continue co-operation with the newly-elected President of Georgia and the government. Talking points also included the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. The Minister briefed the partners on the difficult security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories. Speaking on co-operation in the context of Black Sea security, special note was taken of aspects of practical co-operation within the framework of the Brussels Summit. “At today’s meeting, the allies reaffirmed their commitment to continue co-operation with Georgia on issues relating to Black Sea security”. The Georgian Foreign Minister is in Brussels to attend the NATO Foreign Ministerial meeting on 4 and 5 December. Documents Similar News