27 June 2024 The visit of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan to Georgia is very important and timely - Ilia Darchiashvili "The Republic of Azerbaijan is not only a good friend for us, but also a reliable strategic partner. The visit of the Minister of Foreign Affairs to Georgia is very important and timely," said the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, at a joint press conference held in Tbilisi after meeting with the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, Jeyhun Bayramov, on June 27, 2024. Ilia Darchiashvili noted that the discussions at the meeting of the foreign ministers of the two countries covered the bilateral agenda, as well as regional and global developments. According to Minister Darchiashvili, the existing strategic partnership between Georgia and Azerbaijan is unique and continues to gain new positive dimensions, which is crucial for the well-being of both countries and the region as a whole. During the meeting, the ministers reviewed issues of economic cooperation. It is noteworthy that Azerbaijan has consistently been one of Georgia's top five trade partners in recent years. The Georgian Foreign Minister also provided the Azerbaijani side with information about the severe social, economic, and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, emphasizing the need to strengthen international security mechanisms. Minister Darchiashvili expressed gratitude to the Azerbaijani side for its steadfast support of Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Speaking about the ongoing processes in the region, the importance of ensuring long-term and sustainable peace in the South Caucasus region was emphasized: "We have proven many times, and I would like to emphasize again, that Georgia has always been in favor of peaceful cooperation and coexistence in the South Caucasus. We are always ready to promote constructive communication between the parties and take concrete steps towards mutually beneficial cooperation," said the minister. According to Minister Darchiashvili, discussions also covered the existing tripartite cooperation format between Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey, highlighting its significance for regional stability and development. Attention was focused on the importance and future prospects of joint regional transport and energy projects. Emphasis was placed on the "Middle Corridor" initiative and the involvement of Georgia and Azerbaijan in this project. The minister also noted the significance of several key projects, including the Georgia-initiated electricity transmission submarine cable project, the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline, the Baku-Tbilisi-Erzerum gas pipeline, the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway, and the southern natural gas corridor projects. These projects are crucial for enhancing the connectivity of our region and bolstering the function of the "Middle Corridor." Documents Similar News