23 January 2019 3.01.2019 - The Georgian delegation led by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze continues meetings in bilateral and multilateral formats, within the framework of the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos. Highlighting the importance of Georgia’s participation in the World Economic Forum, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani Commented on the Prime Minister’s upcoming appearance at the panel titled “Eurasia in a New Global Context”. “The Prime Minister will put to the forth the opportunities available in Georgia. Special attention will be paid to the geo-strategic importance of Georgia acting as a hub in the region. Georgia is a country consistently pursuing its development path. Georgia enjoys very good rankings of international organizations in terms of economic development, as well as trade and transport potential” – David Zalkaliani said. According to him, the Prime Minister will also speak about Georgia’s peace policy. “Peace policy will be the key point of the Prime Minister’s speech. It is necessary to bring to the minimum the risks and threats in order to create scope for development. Where there is no stability there is no development, no progress.” David Zalkaliani also highlighted the meeting between the Prime Minister of Georgia and the President of Azerbaijan held on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum, where the sides discussed strategic partnership between the two countries and the projects Georgia and Azerbaijan are carrying out jointly. “We discussed transport projects and the huge potential of attracting cargoes from Central Asia to Georgia and Azerbaijan. We also focused on the TANAP and the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars (BTK) railway projects which play an important role. There is a heavy competition in the world in this regard. Every country tries to promote its own route. Therefore, Georgia and Azerbaijan need to act jointly to ensure that the transport routes mentioned above remain highly competitive” – David Zalkaliani said. Documents Similar News