15 February 2021 On 15 February, the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, held a meeting with the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for European Neighbourhood and the Americas of the United Kingdom, Wendy Morton in the State Ceremony Palace. Within the framework of the meeting the parties expressed satisfaction regarding the dynamics of the existing strategic partnership between the two states, both in terms of bilateral as well as multilateral formats. In this regard, the importance of the “Wardrop Strategic Dialogue” was underscored, with particular attention being paid to the agreement “Regarding Strategic Partnership and Cooperation”, which entered into force on 1 January of this year, creating new opportunities for further cooperation. Noting the existing cooperation in the areas of defence and security, the parties outlined the dimension of cybersecurity. Additionally, the importance of Georgia’s engagement in strategic discussions concerning the issue of Black Sea security was underscored. During the meeting the parties paid particular attention to the economic and sectoral cooperation between Georgia and the United Kingdom. The post-pandemic rehabilitation issue was underscored, along with the significance of the engagement of Georgia’s partner states in the said process, including the United Kingdom. The meeting between David Zalkaliani and Wendy Morton particularly focused on the unfolding events in the region, as well as the general security environment. The Georgian Foreign Minister presented the British party with detailed information regarding the existing situation on the ground in the occupied regions of Georgia. The staunch support of the United Kingdom shown to Georgia was also, once again, underscored, in terms of Georgia’s sovereignty, territorial integrity and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Within the framework of the meeting the Georgian party expressed satisfaction regarding the particular support demonstrated on behalf of the United Kingdom in terms of the COVID-19 pandemic. The significance of more active engagement in terms of economic relations and people-to-people contacts in the post-pandemic period was also underscored. Within the framework of her visit to Georgia, Wendy Morton, is to conduct meetings with the Georgian President, Salome Zourabichvili, Speaker of Parliament, Archil Talakvadze, the Georgian PM, Giorgi Gakharia, the Minister of Education, Science, Culture and Sport, Mikheil Chkhenkeli. The Minister is also to visit the village of Odzisi, situation along the occupation line. Documents Similar News