4 September 2019 4.09.2019, Tbilisi - Speaking before the Foreign Relations Committee of the Parliament of Georgia, Acting Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani highlighted the steps the government has taken towards the peaceful restoration of sovereignty and territorial integrity of the country. According to him, opponents are leading the society into error when they say that Georgia is allegedly taken off the international agenda. “This is a lie, which we always try to counteract with real examples. We keep working with our partners at all levels to ensure that the issue of Georgia is put forward in their dialogue with Russia. Over the past year alone, through our efforts, the UN Security Council discussed three times the issue of Georgia, including the developments in the village of Gugutiantkari. This is not easy to achieve and I want to thank our partners who keep Georgia high on their agenda, as a result of our close cooperation” – Zalkaliani said. He highlighted the recent cases when the issues relating to Georgia were discussed in international formats, at such high levels as: UN Security Council (latest, 8 August 2019), General Assembly, Human Rights Council, OSCE, Council of Europe, EU, NATO); High-level bilateral dialogues: strategic political dilaogues with the US, Great Britain, France and Germany’ Meetings and statements of the leaders of partner countries, including recent statements in support for Georgia by Angela Merkel (joint press conference by the German Chancellor and the Georgian Prime Minister, Tbilisi, 23 August 2018), Emmanuel Macron (joint press conference of the French and Georgian Presidents, Paris, 19 February 2019) Kersti Kaljulaid (during her meeting with the Russian President at the UN General Assembly and during the international conference in Slovenia), Andrzej Duda (President of Poland), Mike Pence (press conference following the meeting with the President of Poland, Warsaw, 2 September 2019), Mike Pompeo (joint press conference by the US Secretary of State and the Georgian Prime Minister, statement made during his visit in Poland), SimonCoveney (Irish Vice Premier speaking before the forum of European businessmen, Paris, 28 August 2019) Edgars Rinkēvičs (Latvian Foreign Minister), others. According to Zalkaliani, the issue of Georgia was also posed at the latest meeting between the French President and the Russian President. Georgia worked closely with the international community to ensure that they express their strong and principled position on Russia’s illegal occupation and actual annexation of the Georgian territories, as well as on the illegal and provocative activities onging on the ground. In the words of the Minister, new and, most importantly,very meaningful international documents were adopted, including: Decision of the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies of the Council of Europe on the Conflict in Georgia” holding the Russian Federation accountable for the occupation of Georgia’s territories. The annual decision was first adopted in 2014; The UN Human Rights Council’s Resolution which was first adopted in 2017. The resolution is adopted annually though Georgia is no longer a member of the UN Human Rights Council; Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the human rights situation in the occupied territories, adopted from 2017; Joint Statement of the OSCE Group of Friends of Georgia on the Georgia-Russia conflict, which was first adopted in 2016 and from then on, is adopted annually. The U.S. Georgia Support Act envisaging restrictive measures on persons responsible for human rights abuses in the occupied territories; European Parliament resolutionof14 June 2018on Georgian occupied territories 10 years after the Russian invasion calling on the Member States to impose restrictions on those who appear on the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili List; Resolution of the Senate of the Republic of Ireland calling upon the Irish government to impose restrictive measures on the individuals included in the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list; The human rights situation in Georgia has been reflected since 2016 in the the Human Rights and Democracy Report of the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Parliament. The humanitarian situation and human rights protection in Georgia’s occupied regions still remains high on the list of Georgia’s priorities. The Government’s special accent, in this light, was always on the imposition of sanctions by partners and international organizations on persons included in the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list. According to Zalkaliani, the Foreign Ministry reacted immediately to all events that have developed recently, including the erection of fences, detention of Georgian citizens, so-called elections in Abkhazia, mobilization of forces across the occupation line near the village of Chorchana. The Ministry employed all diplomatic levers at its disposal to mobilize the international community’s support, including their strong public statements, special visit of the co-chairs to Georgia, arrival of the diplomatic corps at the occupation line, etc. Zalkaliani said that Georgia will continue to use such formats as the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism. According to the Minister, Georgia considers the ways to enliven this format in order to increase the level of political involvement in it and to make progress on such key issues as the non-use of force, international security arrangements, safe and dignified return of refugees and internally displaced persons to the places of their origin. Documents Similar News