7 December 2018 Speaking before the 25th OSCE Ministerial Council, Georgian Foreign Minister posed acutely the issue relating to the occupation of the Georgian territories by the Russian Federation. The Georgian Foreign Minister paid special attention to the systemic violation of the fundamental human rights and the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied territories. “The ongoing process of fortification of the occupation line through installation of artificial obstacles, further aggravated the humanitarian conditions of conflict-affected population. We are deeply concerned over the systemic violation of the fundamental human rights, including ethnic discrimination against Georgians in both regions. Moreover, hundreds of thousands of IDPs and refugees, victims of continued ethnic cleansing, remain to be deprived of the right to return to their homes in safety and dignity”. David Zalkaliani spoke about the murder cases of Archil Tatunashvili and Giga Otkhozoria: “The tragic case of Georgian IDP Archil Tatunashvili, who was illegally detained, tortured and killed by the occupying power in Tskhinvali region last March, as well as brutal murders of Georgian IDPs Giga Otkhozoria and David Basharuli are a stark reminder of an alarming human rights situation in both Georgian regions, where no international monitoring mechanisms are allowed” – Zalkaliani said. According to the Minister, Georgia continues its constructive participation in the Geneva International Discussions. As the OSCE, UN and the EU continue to co-chair talks between Georgia and Russia for 10 years now, more needs to be done to deliver on core issues of the agenda, which first and foremost requires political will and commitment by Russia. Let me also highlight the role and importance of the IPRMs, the work of which should be immediately restarted in full respect of the founding principles and ground rules. David Zalkaliani put special accent on the Georgian Government’s peace policy and its importance. “The Government of Georgia has further intensified its efforts towards engagement and reconciliation between the communities divided by war and occupation lines. The new peace initiative “A Step to a Better Future”, designed to improve the humanitarian, social and economic conditions of people residing in both occupied regions, clearly reconfirms our dedication to reconciliation and confidence building policy” – the Minister said. According to David Zalkaliani, despite all the security challenges, Georgia remains unshaken on its European and Euro-Atlantic integration path. Speaking about Georgia’s democratic transformation, the Minister referred to the presidential elections recently held in Georgia. According to him, the presidential elections were conducted in a free and competitive environment. He thanked the OSCE/ODIHR for monitoring these elections and reaffirmed the government’s readiness to follow up on the recommendations of the OSCE/ODIHR observation mission. Speaking about international peace and security, David Zalkaliani said that conflicts must be resolved based on full respect for the territorial integrity of states within their internationally recognized borders. He expressed concern by Russia’s ongoing aggression against Ukraine and its illegal occupation of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol. Moreover, the latest act of unprovoked armed aggression of the Russian Federation near the Azov Sea and Kerch Strait is a blatant violation of international law. Documents Similar News