18 January 2023 Another round of political consultation was held between the ministries of foreign affairs of Georgia and the Republic of Cyprus on 18 January 2023, in Tbilisi. The consultations from the Georgian side were led by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia, and from the Cyprus side - by the permanent secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Kornelios Korneliou. Discussions focused on the agenda of Georgia-Cyprus bilateral and multilateral relations and future perspectives for developing cooperation within the framework of political consultations. The sides welcomed the growing dynamics of relations between the two countries and the results achieved in the recent period. The mutual exchange of visits between Georgia and Cyprus and the recent dynamics in this regard were highly appreciated. The sides expressed their readiness to continue working at the level of the executive and legislative authorities in order to further strengthen the existing cooperation. The willingness of Georgia and Cyprus to better utilize the existing potential in the field of economy, and in particular, in tourism, energy, renewable energy was highlighted. Special emphasis was placed on fruitful cooperation in the field of culture and close people-to-people contacts. Within the framework of the consultations, the sides reviewed in detail the process of Georgia's integration into the European Union. While on the issue of Georgia’s European perspective, the sides focused special attention on the reforms carried out by Georgia and the steps taken to implement the recommendations of the European Union. The sides emphasized the high importance of Cyprus' support for granting the status of a candidate country to Georgia. The Cypriot delegation was provided with detailed information about the difficult situation in terms of security and human rights in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva negotiations and the peace policy of the Georgian government. The parties once again confirmed their commitment to the fundamental norms of international law, especially to the principles of territorial integrity and sovereignty. During the consultations, the sides discussed current events and security challenges facing the region. Against the background of Russia's full-scale military aggression against Ukraine, the high importance of the international community’s united and consolidated position was emphasized. The sides agreed to continue active cooperation and to hold regular rounds of consultations. Documents Similar News