10 June 2019 12.03.2019, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 48thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs.The Deputy Foreign Minister and the Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting from the Georgian side. Referring to the ongoing so-called parliamentary elections in occupied Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, the deputy minister said that the conduction of the so-called elections in the occupied territories where Georgian populations has been expelled through ethnic cleansing and are illegal and cannot have any legal effect, as they are in contradiction with the fundamental norms and principles of international law. The sides discussed key items on the agenda of the next round of discussions, including destructive steps of Russia towards the factual annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, ongoing military build-up and exercises, installation of artificial barriers across the occupation line, illegal detentions and kidnappings. Special accent was placed on deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories, and the ban on native language education. Members of the Georgian delegation reiterated the need to reach progress on the key issues on the agenda of the Geneva International Discussions, including by holding substantial discussions on the return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin. Special attention was paid to the necessity for the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and the need to create international security arrangements in the occupied territories being an essential prerequisite for ensuring sustainable peace on the ground. The sides put a special accent on the need to resume the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism immediately, without any precondition. It was stressed that the IPRM has not been functioning for over a year due to the destructive approaches of Russia and the Sokhumi occupation regime. The Georgian delegation expressed its concern that justice has not yet been delivered on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. Special attention was paid to the need to bring clarity into the suspicious death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia in the occupied region of Abkhazia. Lasha Darsalia called upon the co-chairs to further mobilize efforts to ensure peaceful resolution of the conflicts through Geneva International Discussions and Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism Documents Similar News