17 January 2022 Within the framework of his visit to Brussels, the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister of Georgia held a meeting with the Permanent Representatives of the NATO Member States. During the meeting, the Alliance, as well as its Member States reaffirmed their strong support for Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration and pledged to give the country their political and practical backing on this path. Stressing the importance of maintaining constant communication and coordination with NATO partners - Georgia and Ukraine - within the framework of the NATO-Russia security dialogue, the participants of the meeting referred to Georgia as a valuable and reliable partner of NATO and highlighted Georgia's role in strengthening regional and global security. "Our NATO Partners have reiterated their positon that they are unanimous and are not going to revise their decision regarding Georgia’s NATO membership despite the Russian Federation’s aggressive rhetoric, which is completely at variance with the international principles. So, with respect to the issues set forth in the two well-known documents, the position of our NATO partners remains firm, that the decision of the Bucharest Summit will not be reconsidered, and that no one has the right to establish its own sphere of influence on any region, and that each sovereign country has the right to choose for itself whether it joins any alliance. Therefore, it is important for us to coordinate our actions so that the progress we have so far made on Georgia's integration path is further improved rather than diminished" – the Georgian Vice Prime Minister said following his meeting with NATO ambassadors. Discussions during the meeting also focused on Georgia's visions regarding the current situation, the security environment in the region, and the ongoing developments in the occupied territories of Georgia. Expressing its solidarity with Ukraine, the Georgian side once again condemned the cyber-attacks targeted against the Ukrainian government agencies and private organizations. The Minister also briefed the representatives of the partner countries on the recent high-level communication with the United States and NATO, and welcomed the increased dynamics of coordination between the partners. The meeting with the Permanent Representatives of the NATO Member States was held at the initiative of the Permanent Delegation of Poland to NATO, within the framework of the visit of the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia David Zalkaliani to Brussels taking place on 17 and 18 January, at the invitation of the NATO Secretary General. Documents Similar News