26 February 2024 On 26 February 2024, the Georgian Foreign Minister, Ilia Darchiashvili delivered a speech at the high-level segment of 55th session of the UN Human Rights Council. In his speech, Ilia Darchiashvili drew special attention to the global situation regarding the protection of human rights. The minister spoke about the steps taken by Georgia in terms of human rights protection. He noted the importance of approving the National Human Rights Protection Strategy for 2022-2030 and the Action Plan for 2024-2026. Particular attention was paid to the facts of human rights violations in the occupied regions of Georgia and, against the background of the persisting challenges, the necessity of allowing international monitoring mechanisms to operate on the ground was emphasized. Ilia Darchiashvili focused on the importance of the international community’s support for, and their role in, protecting human rights and in achieving the peaceful conflict resolution. "We believe the firm stance of the global community is crucial for Russia to meet its international commitments, such as the 2008 ceasefire agreement brokered by the European Union, and to pull back its armed forces from Georgia's territory," Ilia Darchiashvili said. The minister also noted the importance of the resolution "Cooperation with Georgia" at the UN Human Rights Council and expressed hope that the resolution will continue to be strongly upheld. Speaking about the challenges facing the region, the minister once again confirmed Georgia's unwavering support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Ilia Darchiashvili noted that in light of the challenges the world is confronted with, the full use of the mandate of the UN Human Rights Council is critically important, and Georgia, as a member of the Council, is ready to contribute to this work. Ilia Darchiashvili once again confirmed the commitment of Georgia, as a member state, to take concrete steps to foster further the human rights protection both at the national level and in international formats. Documents Similar News