10 November 2022 "The fact that the visit of the Minister of Foreign Affairs,Jan Lipavský is taking place during the Czech presidency of the Council of the European Union carries a special meaning. This visit, on the one hand, is a clear proof of our remarkable relations, and on the other, it reflects the Czech Republic’s firm support for Georgia's accession to the European Union. In this difficult and challenging time, the support of the closest partners takes on a particularly meaningful importance. We appreciate that the Czech Republic is our loyal ally and supporter," the Foreign Minister, Ilia Darchiashvili is quoted as saying at the press conference following his meeting with his Czech counterpart, Jan Lipavský. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, the ministers of foreign affairs of the two countries discussed the existing close cooperation between the Czech Republic and Georgia in both bilateral and multilateral formats. The sides emphasized the importance of actively continuing the high-level political dialogue, as well as the prospects of deepening trade, economic, tourism and education cooperation. At the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili provided his Czech colleague with detailed information on the process of implementing the European Commission’s recommendations, as well as on the progress Georgia has achieved on the path of integration into the European Union. According to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the recognition of the European perspective opened the door to Georgia's accession to the European Union and took Georgia-EU relations to a completely new stage. "The message of our European partners and friends that Georgia's future lies in the European Union is a strong motivation for us to successfully go through every stage of this road," Ilia Darchiashvili said. According to the minister, the strategic role of Georgia as a regional hub of transport and logistics was emphasized at the meeting, and attention was focused on the importance of Georgia’s contribution to strengthening the European energy security. The sides also talked about the ways to deepen Georgia-EU cooperation in the field of security, which is emphasized in the European Union Strategic Compass document. According to the Minister, Georgia is one of the EU’s key allies in the region. “High-level visits from Brussels are scheduled by the end of this year, which will be a good opportunity to discuss questions of common interest and challenges in the region”, Darchiashvili said. He also praised Czech authorities for their important role in the “socioeconomic transformation” of Georgia and the implementation of reforms required for the country’s European integration. The officials also discussed regional and global challenges sparked by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war and current security, humanitarian and human rights situation in Georgia’s Russian-occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The discussion at the meeting of the foreign ministers of the two countries also touched on the difficult situation created in terms of security in the region and the ongoing war in Ukraine. The minister emphasized the Czech Republic’s support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and the important contribution the Czech Republic makes to the work of the EU monitoring mission. Ilia Darchiashvili also noted that the Czech Republic is an outstanding supporter of Georgia in the process of NATO integration. Within the framework of his visit to Georgia, the head of the Czech Foreign Ministry will also hold a meeting with the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Garibashvili. Ian Lipavski will honor the memory of the heroes who died in the fight for the unity of Georgia at Heroes' Square, he will also visit the occupation line and learn about the current situation on the spot. It should be noted that the visit of the head of the Czech Foreign Ministry to Georgia is being carried out during the Czech Presidency of the Council of the European Union. Documents Similar News