2 February 2022 Since 2018, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, with the support of the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD), has implemented the grant program “Be Your Country’s Young Ambassador.” The program aims to promote Georgia internationally, facilitate actions and initiatives that safeguard the country’s national interests - including raising international awareness of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as issues related to de-occupation and the peaceful resolution of conflicts - support the activation of these issues on the international agenda, establish a network of young international friends of Georgia, foster engagement with members of the Georgian diaspora, and implement cultural and educational initiatives. Information Regarding the Current Year’s Competition In 2022, the selection of young ambassadors will take place through an open competition in 30 countries designated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Republic of Austria, Azerbaijan, United States of America, Republic of Belarus, Kingdom of Belgium, Republic of Bulgaria, Federal Republic of Germany, Denmark, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Kingdom of Spain, Estonia, Republic of Turkey, Japan, Ireland, State of Israel, Italian Republic, Republic of Korea, Latvia, Lithuania, Kingdom of Norway, Kingdom of the Netherlands, Republic of Poland, Hellenic Republic, South Africa, French Republic, Ukraine, Hungary, Kingdom of Sweden, Swiss Confederation, and Czech Republic. The competition is open to Georgian citizens aged 18 to 29 who reside abroad and are proficient in the Georgian state language. Preference will be given to candidates with experience in youth work, project management, and collaboration with diaspora organizations in their country of residence. The selection of “Young Ambassadors” will be carried out by a specially established commission composed of representatives from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, the Ministry of Education and Science, the Administration of the President of Georgia, the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, the Parliament’s Committee on Diaspora and Caucasus Issues, the Ministry of Sport and Youth, the Youth Agency (a legal entity under public law), and the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD). Applications and the required documentation (in Georgian or with notarized translation) should be submitted electronically to the following email address: [email protected] Annexes to the “Be Your Country’s Young Ambassador” Program: Program Description Application Form Contact Persons for the Grant Project: Ms. Tamar Kobakhidze, First Secretary, Diaspora Programs Division, Department for Relations with the Diaspora. Tel.: +995 592 804655 Ms. Mariam Mamestsarishvili, Head, Diaspora Programs Division, Department for Relations with the Diaspora. Tel.: +995 595 96 40 00 Documents Similar News