21 September 2022 On 21 September 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia participated in the 11th session of the EU-Georgia Parliamentary Association Committee (PAC). The session was co-chaired by Maka Bochorishvili, the chairman of the Georgian Parliament's European Integration Committee and the Chairof theDelegationfor relations with theSouth Caucasus, MEPMarinaKalijurand, and was attended by members of the Parliament of Georgia and the European Parliament, as well as by representatives of the executive authorities. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia, reviewed the results achieved in Georgia-EU relations during 2022 and the reforms carried out to implement the Association Agreement. He emphasized the historic decision to recognize Georgia's European perspective, which formally paved the way for Georgia to become a member of the European Union. In this regard, the Deputy Minister confirmed the Georgian government’s strong readiness to implement the country's European agenda and priorities, including the obligations under the Association Agreement. Teimuraz Janjalia highlighted the progress in key areas of the EU-Georgia cooperation, including the high degree of harmonization of the Georgian legislation with that of the EU. Teimuraz Janjalia paid special attention to the importance of Georgia’s gradual integration into the EU single market. In this context, he emphasized the priority of developing connectivity between Georgia and the European Union in the energy, transport and digital spheres and the need to fully utilize the potential of the Black Sea, which, in turn, will make it possible to fully use Georgia's transit potential, increase Europe's energy security and connect Europe and Asia.. Discussions focused on the activation of security and defense cooperation with the European Union. The European parliamentarians once again reaffirmed their strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. For his part, the Deputy Foreign Minister emphasized that Georgia remains a reliable partner of the European Union, which is confirmed by the country's involvement in the European Union's crisis management operations. He also reviewed the extremely difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the illegal and provocative actions of the Russian Federation, and the steps taken towards the actual annexation. The Deputy Minister paid special attention to the need for the effective functioning of the Geneva International Discussions. The importance of the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees and the necessity of granting the EUMM an access to the occupied territories of Georgia were also emphasized. The Deputy Minister emphasized the importance of the European Union’s active involvement in the peaceful settlement of the Russia-Georgia conflict and expressed his gratitude for the European Union’s contribution to this process. Documents Similar News