28 January 2022 On 27 January 2022, the Foreign Ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Finland held political consultations to discuss in detail the issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral cooperation, prospects for relations with the EU and NATO, as well as regional and global security issues. The sides welcomed the close and friendly Georgia-Finland relations based on common European values ​​and interests. The importance of jointly celebrating the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Finland in 2022 was especially emphasized. Nino Baratashvili, Director of the European Department, emphasized the importance of maintaining a regular political dialogue, including through the exchange of high-level visits in the near future and of deepening inter-parliamentary ties and future interactions between Georgia and the Nordic-Baltic Eight. Discussions focused on fruitful cooperation between the countries in the field of defence and cyber security, agriculture and environment, and law enforcement. The Finnish side reaffirmed its commitment to further deepen cooperation, especially in the fight against hybrid threats and misinformation, in the field of media literacy. At the same time, the sides expressed readiness to encourage the representatives of the business sector to make greater use of trade and economic potential. Salome Shapakidze, Director General for European Integration, spoke about Georgia's irreversible EU integration and stressed the strong support of the country's population for EU membership. The Finnish side was briefed on the progress made by Georgia on implementing the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area. It was noted that Georgia is committed to its obligations under the AA and that this process will continue actively. Emphasis was placed on the importance of deeper integration into the EU single market, as well as on sectoral integration as a further step. The Georgian side welcomed Finland's active participation in EU Twinning projects aimed at bringing the country closer to EU standards. The sides positively assessed the recent Eastern Partnership summit and the political declaration adopted, which includes a new agenda of the partnership, including an ambitious economic and investment plan. In this context, the Georgian side welcomed the fact that the development of connectivity with the EU on the Black Sea is one of the flagship initiatives of the investment plan, which will help maximize benefits of the deep and comprehensive free trade area. The sides positively the "Associated Trio" initiative as a step taken by Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova towards greater integration with the European Union, and at the same time stressed the need to maintain the unity of the "Eastern Partnership". The meeting also focused on the importance of developing new initiatives for EU integration. Nata Koridze, Deputy Director of the Security Policy and Euro-Atlantic Integration Department spoke about the mechanisms for the development of NATO-Georgia cooperation; Special focus was placed on Black Sea security issues and the importance of deepening NATO-Georgia cooperation in this regard. The Finnish side highlighted Georgia’s valuable contribution to Euro-Atlantic security. The head of the delegation Maria Liwala expressed special gratitude for Georgia's significant support and assistance in the emergency evacuation from Afghanistan. The sides discussed the challenges in the Euro-Atlantic area and the security situation in the region. Georgia expressed its position on Russia’s document regarding "Security Guarantees", including the inadmissibility of Russia’s demands to revise the NATO Open Door Policy and the Bucharest Summit decisions. Speaking about the security and human rights situation in the Russian-occupied territories of Georgia, the Georgian side expressed particular concern over the intensification of the de facto annexation process and the politicization of humanitarian issues by Russia, which is aimed at destabilizing the situation. Illegal borderization and other provocative actions by Russia, such as increased illegal arrests and kidnappings, were also highlighted. The meeting stressed the need for Russia to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008 and to constructively engage in the Geneva International Discussions. The sides highlighted the judgement of the European Court of Human Rights which legally confirms the occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation and holds Russia responsible for human rights violations. The sides noted with satisfaction the close Georgian-Finnish cooperation within the international organizations. Shalva Tsiskarashvili, Director of the International Organizations Department stressed the importance of the international community’s support for Georgia in the face of the increasing level of threats from Russia. At the end of the consultations, the Finnish side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Documents Similar News