11 November 2018 On 9 November 2018 Permanent Representative of Georgia to the United Nations, Ambassador Kaha Imnadze delivered a statement at UN Security Council Open Debate on Maintenance of international peace and security: Strengthening multilateralism and the role of the United Nations. In his statement Ambassador Imnadze stressed that this year marks 10th anniversary since Georgia experienced full-scale military aggression by Russia, one of the UNSC permanent members, which resulted in illegal occupation of 20% of the country’s territory. Few years later, Ukraine also fell victim to the very same aggressor. As mentioned by Permanent Representative of Georgia, these blatant violations of fundamental norms and principles of international law and disregard for the territorial integrity of the sovereign states, was a massive blow to the European security and the entire international order. Ambassador Imnadze stated that the Government of Georgia remains firmly committed to pursue the peaceful conflict resolution policy that is directed towards the de-occupation of two Georgian regions, on the one hand, and reconciliation and confidence building between the communities divided by war and occupation line, on the other. Permanent Representative of Georgia informed the Security Council that in this exact moment the Russian occupation regime in Tskhinvali continues to fortify the occupation line adjacent to the village of Atotsi in Kareli Municipality by installing 1 km long artificial barriers. Razor wire fences and other artificial barriers erected along the occupation line already reached 100 km’s, dividing families, depriving them of the right to free movement, access to their property, agricultural lands, religious sites and cemeteries, as well as to healthcare, emergency services and education in their native tongue. Ambassador Imnadze underlined that clearly there is a need for of immediate creation of international security mechanisms on the ground, as well as the need for unimpeded access of international human rights monitors to Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions of Georgia. It was noted that instead we see deliberate targeting on the part of the Russian Federation of the negotiation formats through undermining the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRMs) established under the Geneva International Discussions (GID). Ambassador Imnadze reminded the audience that the United Nations Security Council was actively engaged with Georgia from 1993 to 2009 until the Russian Federation brazenly used its veto power to block the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG). By vetoing the extension of the UN Mission, when it was needed most (shortly after the August 2008 war), the Russian Federation created dangerous precedent in the history of UN peacekeeping. Permanent Representative of Georgia underlined that misuse of Veto power had resulted in tragic consequences in other parts of the world as well, with record high numbers of vetoes cast in the last 2 years. Ambassador Imnadze stressed that it is crucial to reform the Security Council, and the United Nations, in general, to increase effectiveness in addressing global challenges be that conflicts, humanitarian and economic crises, force displacement or climate change, so we can achieve cohesion, inclusivity and development of societies, having the respect of international law and rules-based order at heart. Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia on another illegal decision of the Russian occupation regime in Tskhinvali region, Georgia to fortify the occupation line adjacent to the village of Atotsi in Kareli Municipality through installation of 1 km long artificial barriers, dated November 6, 2018 was distributed to UN General Assembly and Security Council. Documents Similar News