7 April 2021 On 7 April 2021, the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with the European Union Special Representative for the South Caucasus and the Crisis in Georgia, Toivo Klaar. Discussions focused on the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, which gets even worse against the background of an increasing number of provocations from Russia. Special attention was paid to intensified process of annexation, military build-up, so-called borderisation, closure of the occupation line, restrictions of free movement and medical evacuation of Akhalgori residents, which keeps the population of the occupied territories in complete isolation form the remaining regions of Georgia, creates a humanitarian crisis and jeopardizes the health and life of citizens. The sides posed most acutely the recent tragedy when four citizens of Georgia died while crossing the river Enguri. The sides emphasized the need of opening the so-called checkpoints and ensuring free movement. Special attention was paid to the need of immediate release of Georgian citizens: Zaza Gakheladze, Genadi Bestaev, Lasha Khetereli and Irakli Bebua. David Zalkaliani highlighted the Governmet’s steps towards assisting the conflict-affected people during the pandemic. The sides emphasized the need to restore the Gali IPRM without preconditions and to ensure unhindered functioning of the Ergneti IPRM. They discussed the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions and the ways to achieve progress in this regard. The sides also discussed the ongoing processes in the region and expressed their concern over the military build-up near the Ukrainian borders and in occupied Crimea. While on the theme of the situation in the region, the sides affirmed the necessity of enhancing the EU’s involvement in the region. Talking points included the domestic situation in Georgia and the necessity of overcoming the political crisis in the shortest possible period. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked the European Union and its Special Representative for their active role and involvement in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. Documents Similar News