15 August 2024 On 14 August 2024, the UN Security Council held a closed session to discuss the situation in the Georgian territories occupied by Russia, as well as the broader Russia-Georgia conflict, in light of the 16th anniversary of the war between the two countries. During the session, Malta's Acting Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Francesca Gatt, presented a report to the Security Council. She provided updated information on the situation on the ground and the ongoing international negotiations in Geneva. Following the meeting, representatives from the Security Council member states—the USA, the United Kingdom, France, Japan, Malta, and Slovenia—along with future Council members Denmark and Greece, issued a joint statement to the media. In their statement, they highlighted that 16 years have passed since Russia's full-scale military aggression against Georgia and the unlawful occupation of Georgian territories. They noted that the 2008 invasion of Georgia marked a more aggressive trend in Russia’s policy regarding its neighboring countries and the European security architecture. The representatives of the aforementioned countries expressed strong support for Georgia's independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. They deplored Russia's blatant violation of Georgia's territorial integrity, condemning the brutal occupation of the indivisible regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. They denounced the illegal deployment of Russian military forces, which violates the UN Charter, and criticized Russia's effective control and moves toward the annexation of the Georgian regions through incorporating both regions into its political, military, judicial, economic, and social spheres, the signing of integration agreements, the transfer of strategically important facilities like the Bichvinti resort, Sukhumi airport, and Ochamchire port to the Russian Federation, and the unlawful conduct of so-called elections. The representatives of the USA, the United Kingdom, France, Japan, Malta, Slovenia, Denmark, and Greece reiterated their call for Russia to fully comply with its obligations under the EU-mediated ceasefire agreement signed on 12 August 2008. They urged Russia to immediately withdraw its military and security forces from Georgian territory. Documents Similar News