12 August 2020 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, addressed the annual video-conference - "Georgia and its Neighbourhood" - organised by the Levan Mikeladze Fund and the Georgian-American Business Council, outlining the significance of stability of the Black Sea region for the security environment of Europe. The conference was also attended by theDeputy Secretary of State Stephen Biegun. The main emphasis of David Zalkaliani's speech was focused on the role and engagement of the US and NATO in the process of strengthening security in the Black Sea region. According to his statement, Georgia remains to be a desirable state for US investments, namely, the International Development Finance Corporation of the US (DFC) has allocated $50 million for the rehabilitation of the Poti Port infrastructure. "The American Private Sectore plays a significant role in the process of realising transit capabilities and theeconomic potential of the Black Sea" - stated Zalkaliani. According to him, this is extremely important, as the large-scale regional infrastructure projects around the Black Sea ports of Georgia, will solidify the position of Georgia as a quick rout connecting Europe to Asia and vice versa. According to Zalkaliani, this is precisely why Georgia welcomes such active engagement and efforts on behalf of the US and NATO in terms of ensuring peace, stability, prosperity and strengthening of the aforementioned dimensions. In his address the Minister discussed the paramount importance of strengthening of regional cooperation. According to him, one of the central priorities of Georgia's foreign policy has always been regional cooperation, which acts as the main driving force for long-term and sustainable development. The best example of such regional cooperation can be found in the case of the trilateral Azerbaijan-Georgia-Turkey cooperation format. "We remain unwavering in terms of realising the Southern Energy Corridor. There is a unique synergy between our three states: on the one hand, the opportunity to address the increasing supply of energy-resources in Azerbaijan and, on the other hand, realising the transit potential of Georgia and Turkey, providing the European Market with additional resources. This is a unique opportunity" - stated the Minister. According to him, another case of regional cooperation is the initiation of the second stage of the trans-Anatolian pipeline by the Georgian PM and the Azerbaijani and Turkish Presidents, celebrating the dawn of a new era for European security, as the Southern Energy Corridor will be fully operational. The Minister expressed his hopes, regarding the quick conclusion of the construction of the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway, connecting Central Asian states to Georgia's transport and communication networks. Documents Similar News