12 June 2019 12.06.2019, Washington – “10 years have passed since the launch of the U.S.-Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership and the results we have achieved over this period are remarkable. Georgia is a reliable partner of the U.S, and this partnership is based on common values, freedom, democracy, and common vision of the challenges facing the global security” – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said when speaking at the 3rd Annual U.S. Georgia Strategic Partnership Conference at the U.S. Institute of Peace. Zalkaliani highlighted the importance of the U.S.–Georgia Strategic Partnership, which, according to him, has reached an all-time high level. In the words of Zalkaliani, there is all the potential to transform this partnership into a strong alliance, primarily by advancing our relations in defense and security, as well as in trade and economy fields. “we are strengthening our state institutions, we are building vibrant democratic society, we are strengthening our defence and security capabilities and from this viewpoint, the U.S. –Georgia Strategic Partnership Charter is an important instrument because this Charter is based on four main pillars” – Zalkaliani said. “In 2016 we signed memorandum of understanding on defence and security and we are doing much to demonstrate our adherence to Euro-Atlantic aspirations like spending 2 percent of our GDP. Integration with NATO is one of the key priorities of Georgia’s foreign policy. Georgia has proved to be most loyal U.S. partner in the region. Moreover, Georgia is keen to play even more active role in minimizing all the risks and challenges stemming from the turbulent processes happening around us in the region. Of paramount importance is the Black Sea security. We hope for the enhanced U.S. political, economic and military footprint in the region through various bilateral formats and under NATO umbrella”. Speaking about the difficult situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, the Minister highlighted the importance of the Geneva International Discussions. According to him, the international community needs to take more active efforts to ensure that Russia complies with international commitments. Zalkaliani also spoke about Georgia’s peace initiatives and their significance. Dealing with the issues relating to Georgia’s economic priorities, Zalkaliani highlighted important successes in the process of cooperation with the EU with special focus on the significance of the Anaklia port project. Documents Similar News