1 March 2021 The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 51st round of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister and the Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting from the Georgian side. The parties reiterated the need to effectively use the Geneva International Discussions resolving the security and humanitarian problems of the conflict-affected population. The Deputy Minister highlighted the need to reach progress on the key issues on the agenda of the Discussions, namely: the necessity for the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, withdrawal of the occupation forces from the Georgian territory, the need to create international security arrangements in the occupied territories being an essential prerequisite for ensuring the return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin. The Georgian delegation sharply raised the recently intensified process of de-facto annexation of the Georgian regions by Russia, adoption of so-called programme on creation of a common socio-economic space between the Russian Federation and the occupied Abkhazia region, the creation of so-called common union state, the creation of so-called common union state, the so-called borderisation process, illegal detentions and kidnappings of local residents by the Russian occupation forces, ethnic discrimination against Georgians, banning of education in native language for ethnic Georgians living in the occupied territories. Special accent was put on the occupation regime’s provocative decision to prolong Zaza Gakheladze’s illegal imprisonment by 12 years. The Georgian delegation demanded immediate release of Zaza Gakheladze and other Georgian citizens remaining in illegal captivity. Attention was focused on the dire humanitarian situation of residents of Gali and Akhalgori districts and on the need to ensure free movement of local residents. The parties highlighted that the closure of the occupation line caused the entire isolation of the Tskhinvali region which further exacerbates the already difficult social conditions of the conflict-affected population. In this context, the particular attention was paid to the facts of impediment of medical evacuation on the basis of ethnicity by the Tskhinvali occupation regime, which has led to a number of fatalities of local residents. In the current circumstances, the importance the need to restore the Gali IPRM without preconditions and to ensure unhindered functioning of the Ergneti IPRM. The Georgian delegation once again raised the need for execution of justice for the murders of Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili, as well as the issue of death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia at the Russian military base illegally located in the Abkhazia region. The parties stressed the ruling of the European Court of Human Rights holding Russia as a state exercising effective control responsible for the Russia-Georgia war of August 2008 and the breach of fundamental human rights and the norms of international law. The co-chairs pledged to spare no efforts to ensure solution of the conflict-affected population during the next rounds of the Geneva International Discussions. Documents Similar News