8 July 2021 The difficult human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories has been highlightedfor five consecutive years in the Human Rights and Democracy Report of the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The UK Embassy to Georgia kept updating the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office on the dire human rights situation in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The Human Rights and Democracy Report 2020 devotes a separate chapter to human rights violations of ethnic Georgians in non-government controlled regions of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. “Russian interference in Georgia’s breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia led to a further deterioration in the human rights situation there, with reports from local media of torture and ethnic discrimination. Enhanced restrictions on freedom of movement through the closure of crossing points prevented residents from accessing healthcare during the pandemic. The UK supported resolutions on internally displaced persons at the UN General Assembly and at the UN CHAPTER 4: Human Rights Priority Countries 56 Human Rights Council, requesting access for the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights” – reads the report. Besides the UN Resolutions, the Report makes special mention of the UK’s support for Georgia within the Council of Europe and the OSCE. The report, in particular, says that, “in his intervention, the Minister of State with responsibility for the Council of Europe, James Cleverly, urged theCouncil of Europe to do more to support member States in ensuring equality of access to justice for all. He also called on the Russian Federation to respect the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia”. In the Permanent Council of theOSCE, the UK raised human rights violations in Georgia’s breakaway regions. For the Human Rights and Democracy Report of the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office, please see the link at:https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/human-rights-and-democracy-report-2020) Documents Similar News