20 October 2023 On 19 and 20 October 2023, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia was on a working visit to the Republic of Austria. The Deputy Minister began his visit with meetings at the Federal Ministry of European and International Affairs of Austria, where he met with Gregor Kössler, Political Director General of Austrian MFA, and the Deputy Director of the European and Economic Affairs, Johannes Aigner. The sides discussed a wide range of Georgia-Austria bilateral relations and the European integration agenda. They welcomed the growing and positive dynamics in this regard. The discussions also focused on the ongoing processes in Georgia, aspects of cooperation within the international organizations, the situation in the region and existing challenges. The Austrian side once again confirmed its support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for European integration. During the meeting with Johannes Aigner, special attention was paid to Georgia’s European integration agenda. The Austrian side once again expressed its support for Georgia's European aspirations. Teimuraz Janjalia provided Johannes Aigner with comprehensive information about Georgia’s EU integration progress. Special accent was put on the importance of granting Georgia the EU candidate status by the end of this year and, in this regard, the strong support of partner countries, including Austria, was emphasized here. Later in the day, Teimuraz Janjalia also had a meeting with the deputy director for political affairs, Gerhard Seiler, to discuss regional issues. Within the framework of the visit, the Deputy Minister held a meeting with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of Austria, Barbara Caudel-Jensen. The sides highlighted the positive dynamics in Georgia-Austria relations and prospects for deepening cooperation, as well as the steps taken by Georgia on the European integration path and the expectations regarding Georgia’s further rapprochement with the European Union. The meeting was also held with the Deputy Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Reinhold Lopatka. During the meeting, the sides welcomed the fruitful cooperation between Georgia and Austria in the inter-parliamentary sphere. During the conversation, special attention was paid to Georgia’s European integration process and the reforms carried out in this regard, as well as to the situation in the occupied territories, the Georgian government’s peace policy and the challenges facing the region. The Austrian parliamentarians positively evaluated Georgia’s progress on the path of European integration. Documents Similar News