28 April 2023 “The visit of the French Foreign Minister to Georgia carries special importance considering several aspects. First of all, the visit echoes the existing multidimensional and close cooperation between Georgia and France. Furthermore, against the background of security challenges on the European continent and during this very important period for Georgia, the visit is proof of France’s outstanding friendship and an expression of strong political support” - The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ilia Darchiashvili said at a joint press conference held after the meeting with the Minister of Europe and Foreign Affairs of the French Republic, Catherine Colonna. Darchiashvili noted that the strength of the relationship between Georgia and France is based on the two countries centuries-old historical connection and shared European values. He emphasized the significance of the high-level strategic format, the “Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French dialogue” which “facilitates close cooperation in the fields of politics, defense, security, trade and economy, as well as education and culture between the two countries '. Ilia Darchiashvili said that during the meeting, the colleagues discussed Georgia’s accession to the European Union. He emphasized that Georgia’s aspiration and civilizational choice to become a member of the European Union is strong and expresses the unshakable will of the Georgian people. The Minister expressed gratitude to the French side for its support for Georgia’s European integration and expressed hope that France, as one of the leading countries in the European Union, will continue to consolidate its support for Georgia at all stages of the country’s accession to the European Union. The Georgian Foreign Ministry stated that during the face-to-face meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili informed his French counterpart of Georgia’s progress in meeting the 12 conditions set by the European Commission. He expressed the hope that Georgia’s progress and reforms carried out in various directions will be duly recognized, which will be reflected in the relevant decision on granting the country candidate status. The meeting reaffirmed that Georgia remains one of the European Union’s most important allies in the region. At the meeting, the sides discussed the multi-dimensional bilateral agenda between Georgia and France and plans for future cooperation. Particular emphasis was placed on the importance of deepening trade and economic ties between Georgia and France, as well as strengthening cooperation in the field of energy. Ilia Darchiashvili also briefed his French colleague on the difficult situation as regards security, humanitarian issues, and human rights protection in the occupied territories of Georgia. Documents Similar News