6 November 2019 “EU membership will remain the main goal of the Georgian foreign policy till the Georgian people believe in Europe. We will further continue knocking on the door of Europe,” – stated the Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani while delivering a speech at the event organized by the Swedish side with regard to the 10th anniversary of the Eastern Partnership. According to the Minister, the Eastern Partnership is a project of consistent economic integration and political association with Europe which makes the process of Georgia’s Europeization absolutely irreversible. In this context, the Minister talked about the steps taken and successes achieved by Georgia in the framework of the Eastern Partnership. According to the Minister, Georgia signed the document which defines the agenda of the Georgian foreign policy – the Association Agreement including the DCFTA. At the same time, the visa liberalization has entered into force which is an extremely important political success and tangible result for each citizen. Today’s Georgia is drastically different from Georgia of ten years ago. Georgia today is not only a neighboring country for the European countries, but also a strategic partner,” – stated Zalkaliani. According to the head of the foreign ministry, Georgia has an ambitious goal to take more steps in terms of fulfillment of the obligations taken under the Association Agreement and this is exactly envisaged by the concept document prepared by the Georgian Government “Roadmap for integration into the EU”. Access to the united EU market represents another ambitious goal which will allow Georgia to enjoy and exploit all the four freedoms of the internal EU market. According to Zalkaliani, the implementation of the program of reforms request an exhausting effort from the Georgian side. “In the future we have to become more flexible, dynamic and future oriented. At the same time, in order to practically implement all the relevant elements of the EU acquis, along with the desire, we also need to have the effective tools and capacity,” – stated the Georgian Foreign Minister. In the framework of the visit to the Kingdom of Sweden, the Georgian Foreign Minister participated in the event organized by the Swedish side to mark the 10th anniversary of the Eastern Partnership where the Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani and his Swedish counterpart Anne Linde addressed the attending audience. Documents Similar News