3 December 2024 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia summoned the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Lithuania to Georgia, the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Estonia, and the Chargés d'Affaires of the Embassy of Latvia, Darius Vitkauskas, Marge Mardisalu-Kahar, and Lolita Lenkeviča. During the meeting, concern was expressed regarding the recent statements made by the three countries regarding the imposition of sanctions on the senior officials of the Georgian government and law enforcement authorities. It was emphasized that such actions are inconsistent with the framework of the partnership between the countries. It was emphasized that Georgia remains committed to international norms and that the state authorities of Georgia act in accordance with the Constitution and international standards to ensure public order and security within the country. This includes law enforcement agencies ensuring the peaceful expression of protests and responding to violations of the legal norms governing the expression of protests. The meeting also noted that the Georgian side finds unacceptable the statements aimed at influencing the activities of sovereign state institutions, which are perceived as interference in the internal affairs of the country. The meeting reiterated that the decision of the Georgian government not to include the issue of EU accession talks into the EU relations agenda until 2028 and to decline EU grant budget support does not mean suspension of Georgia’s European integration process. Instead, it seeks to prevent damaging speculations on this issue. The Georgian government will firmly continue to fulfill the priorities defined by the Constitution of Georgia and the irreversible process of European integration based on the Association Agreement that will ensure better preparedness for swift EU accession negotiations. Therefore, the claims that the Georgian government suspended negotiations with the EU are not true. During the meeting, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia expressed hope that the parties will return to the traditionally friendly relations between the countries and that cooperation will be based on mutual respect. Documents Similar News