9 February 2026 “Both Georgia and Hungary clearly understand the risks associated with attacks on sovereignty and the need to firmly protect it” - This was stated by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, at a joint press conference with her Hungarian counterpart, Péter Szijjártó, held in Budapest. The Minister spoke at length about the strong friendship between Georgia and Hungary and the shared objectives of the two countries. “We are united by strategic objectives, a shared commitment to peace, and the defense of common values that once formed the foundation of the European Union and are increasingly being challenged across Europe today” – Maka Botchorishvili said. According to the Minister, joint efforts to uphold the principle of sovereignty are of particular importance for a shared future. “The devastating consequences of war that we see today in Europe underscore the importance of responsible and cautious policies aimed at preventing further instability and securing lasting peace. Georgia remains firmly committed to supporting peace-oriented efforts and policies. Our governments are also united in the defense of traditional values. We share a common determination to protect conservative values, which are essential to ensuring a healthy and sustainable future for our societies. This is not an easy task in today’s world, and we often face unjust treatment because of our firm and principled positions. Relations with sovereign states should not be conditioned by Brussels on demands to repeal laws adopted by democratically elected parliaments”, Maka Botchorishvili noted this and expressed her gratitude to her counterpart for the firm support of Georgia’s European aspirations. The Head of the Foreign Ministry reviewed the bilateral cooperation agenda and welcomed the partnership that has been established between Georgia and Hungary across various fields. “Our partnership serves the best interests of both countries and contributes to Europe’s broader security and prosperity. Georgia’s role as a bridge between Europe and Asia remains irreplaceable, and only through joint efforts and cooperation can our shared interests be effectively protected”, remarked the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Documents Similar News