8 November 2022 On 8 November 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia met with the the Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia,Jonatan Vseviov who is on a working visit to Georgia. The Estonian diplomat started his visit to Georgia by arriving at the occupation line. At the meeting held in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the sides discussed the issues of bilateral cooperation between Georgia and Estonia. Teimuraz Janjalia clearly stated that it is necessary to deepen the regular political dialogue with the Estonian side at all levels. At the same time, he noted the importance of Estonia’s strong support in the current volatile environment and of further exchanging the high-level visits. Speaking about the European integration, the sides emphasized the irreversibility of the reforms carried out by Georgia. The deputy minister paid special attention to the ongoing process of fulfilling both the obligations under the Association Agenda and the European Union’s recommendations. In the context of Euro-Atlantic integration, the deputy minister spoke about the progress achieved by Georgia in terms of NATO integration. Georgia's expectations regarding the summit scheduled for the next year and the importance of Estonia's support in this regard were also highlighted. At the meeting, the sides exchanged views on the security challenges facing the region in the light of Russia's war against Ukraine. Teimuraz Janjalia provided his Estonian colleague with detailed information about the political, diplomatic and humanitarian assistance provided by Georgia to Ukraine and the Ukrainian people. Special emphasis was placed on the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. According to the Georgian Deputy Minister, it is extremely important to keep the issues relating to Georgia high on the agenda of European partners. The Secretary General, for his part, confirmed Estonia's firm and irrevocable support to Georgia - both on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and in terms of the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Documents Similar News