2 June 2017 2.06.2017, Tokyo– As part of his visit to Japan, Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze held a meeting with his Japanese counterpart, Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida. A decision was made during the meeting to simplify visa procedures for Georgian citizens and to start negotiations for signing a bilateral investment agreement between Georgia and Japan. The two foreign ministers highlighted the importance of the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Japan. According to the, the relations between the two countries have since been based on such values as democratic development, human rights, the rule of law and market economy. Mikheil Janelidze and Fumio Kishida reaffirmed their readiness to actively co-operate to upgrade Japan-Georgia relations to a higher level, particularly in such areas as eceonomy, energy, innovations, high technologies and agriculture. Fumio Kishida announced the launch of negotiations for signing a bilateral investment agreement between Georgia and Japan, which will give both countries the new opportunities to develop business and will serve as a signal for Japanese companies to use Georgia’s economic and investment potential. Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs Fumio Kishida announced Japan’s plans to simplify visa procedures for Georgian citizens as well as to promote Georgia among Japanese tourists so that the two countries could develop close people-to-people connections. According to Fumio Kishida, taking into consideration the safe environment in Georgia, Japan’s Foreign Ministry will improve Georgia’s profile in the Travel Adviser category of its website so that more Japanese tourists become interested in Georgia. The two ministers agreed to promote co-operation in the areas of innovations and high technologies. Mikheil Janelidze thanked his Japanese colleague for the financial and political support of Georgia, taking special note of the successful activities of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) in Georgia. The Japanese side expressed its interest in the implementation of infrastructure projects in Georgia. Mikheil Janelidze briefed his Japanese colleague on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Fumio Kishida reaffirmed his support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The sides agreed to further work on the exchange of high-level visits. Mikheil Janelidze officially invited the Japanese Foreign Minister to Georgia. ​ Documents Similar News