8 June 2017 National Security Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Andrea Thompson spoke before the Conference to mark the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the U.S. conducted under the auspices of the Heritage Foundation and the German Marshall Fund. The White House Representative spoke extensively about the new administration’s firm support for Georgia and the priority importance of strategic partnership with Georgia. “If anyone asks “where does this administration stand on Georgia? “ I think it is very clear how strongly this administration values our relationship with the government of Georgia and the people of Georgia. Early on, know that, my boss, the Vice President as you’ve said has already met with the prime minister a couple of times. Our first trip overseas, over to the Munich Security Conference, the first trip out of the gates, in early February we met with the Prime Minister and then again had the honor to host him at the White House last month. We had a great session, a great dialogue there in the White House and to include a session with president Trump in the Oval Office. So again, early in the administration we have already had a very significant dialogue and engagement with our friends from Georgia. I was also very honored, just a few weeks ago in Bratislava I had the honor of spending time and having a bilateral engagement and great discussions with the Prime Minister as we both spoke on a panel at the GLOBSEC Conference in Slovakia. So again in only few weeks and months in the administration we have had multiple engagements with our friends. I think the high level engagements really are an indicator of how important the partnership is and we will talk more about that and look forward to questions later on our relationship. “ - Andrea Thompson said. According to her, shared democratic values are what really underpin the relations between Georgia and the U.S. and that is way Georgia continues to get the strong support from the U.S. Andrea Thompson highlighted Georgia’s important contribution to the international peacekeeping missions underlining that Georgia is the largest troop contributor to that operation from a non-NATO country. “I am an old soldier, 28 years serving in the army and it was my great honor to serve with the soldiers of Georgia. Most of my time with them was spent in Afghanistan, shoulder to shoulder with them. I have seen steadfast leadership, loyalty, discipline, patriotism and perseverance of these troops that continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with us today” – she added. On behalf of the U.S. she reaffirmed support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration course. “We support the decision to pursue integration into the Euro-Atlantic Alliance. We’ve talked about the Vice President’s remarks on Monday at the Atlantic Council dinner as we welcomed our newest member to NATO, Montenegro, welcomed them into the club if you will. That door is open and continue to work towards NATO integration.” The White House Representative welcomed the reforms made in the economic sector, judicial reform and a myriad of sectors. She also singled out Georgia’s economic progress where it continues to move forward. Documents Similar News