22 May 2019 22.05.2019, Tbilisi – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani met with the Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland, StanisławKarczewski. Discussions focused on the particularly friendly relations between Georgia and Poland. David Zalkaliani thanked the Senate Marshal for Poland’s firm and irreversible support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its EU and NATO integration. The sides highlighted Georgia’s progress on EU and NATO integration path. Special attention was paid to the importance of cooperation within the scope of EaP initiative. According to Stanislav Karczewski, Georgia is the leader of EaP. Highly appraising the Georgian government’s reforms, the Senate Marshal confirmed that the Polish Foreign Minister will participate in the Batumi international conference to mark the 10th anniversary of the Eastern Partnership. In the words of Stanislav Karczewski, Poland has been and will remain the ambassador of Georgia in the process of Georgia’s integration with the EU and NATO. Conversations included security challenges. Zalkaliani provided the Senate Marshal with detailed information on the humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and expressed his gratitude that Poland actively uses all available platforms to uphold the interests of Georgia. The sides also noted with satisfaction the strategic cooperation between the parliaments of the two countries asserting that the newly established joint parliamentary assembly makes a significant contribution to the further strengthening of close links between the two countries. The sides also positively appraised the ongoing pilot project on circular migration. Within the framework of his visit to Georgia, the Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland, StanisławKarczewski held meetings with Prime Minister of Georgia Mamuka Bakhtadze, President Salome Zourabichvili and Chairman of the Parliament Irakli Kobakhidze. StanisławKarczewski visited the village of Odzisi near the occupation line. Documents Similar News