10 December 2024 The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, stated that Georgia and Hungary share a strategic partnership, and Georgia is grateful for Hungary's steadfast support. The Minister discussed the Georgia-Hungary strategic partnership during a joint press conference with her counterpart as part of her visit to Hungary. She emphasized that Georgia is ready to further enhance its engagement in all directions and strengthen cooperation in various fields. “This is my first bilateral visit and I am delighted to start my tenure as a Foreign Minister with Hungary -our close friend and partner, currently holding the EU presidency. I thank you for your kind invitation. We value very much the support that you provide to Georgia, I would like to highlight the last visit of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán to Georgia as a clear demonstration of your strong support and friendship. It is important to promote business ties between two countries in order to strengthen economic cooperation and better exploit business opportunities. I believe the agreement which was signed and will enter soon into force on mutual promotion and protection of investments will play an important role to encourage business to business cooperation. Enhancing people-to-people contact is also important for strengthening bilateral ties and cooperation, and we value the scholarship program that Georgian students receive from the Hungarian government” – the Minister said. According to her, Georgia is a country facing challenges, with 20 percent of its territory occupied by Russia. “Facing current security challenges in the region, maintaining peace and stability is absolutely important and essential for Georgia's future and I thank Hungary for its support and best understanding of Georgia's delicate situation” – Maka Botchorishvili is quoted as saying. Maka Botchorishvili is on her first official working visit to Hungary as Georgia's Minister of Foreign Affairs. Documents Similar News