23 April 2021 The Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, held a meeting with his Polish counterpart, Zbigniew Rau. During the meeting the ministers welcomed the participation of Georgia and Ukraine in the trilateral meeting between Poland-Romania-Turkey, which provides a good opportunity for discussing relevant regional issues, along with representing staunch support for the Euro-Atlantic aspiration of both states. The successful cooperation between Georgia and Poland was underscored in this regard, along with the active support on behalf of Poland for Georgia on the international stage in terms of key issues, both NATO and EU integration, as well as territorial integrity and regional security. The significance of Poland’s support was underscored for both Georgia and Ukraine in the light of the upcoming NATO summit, especially in the context of the “Open Doors” policy. The Ministers also discussed the existing security environment in the region, underscoring the significance of peace for the South Caucasus region in terms of its stable development. The Discussion also touched upon the situation on the ground in the occupied regions of Georgia and the developments in Ukraine. In this regard the role of Poland in the OSCE as the chairperson was noted, as to keep said issues high on the agenda of the organisation, in order to resolve the conflicts peacefully. While discussing bilateral relations cooperation in all relevant dimensions was discussed, underscoring the significance of formulating a format for strategic dialogue with Poland. The head of the Georgian diplomatic service presented his colleague with information regarding the political environment in Georgia, along with the signing of the agreement. In turn, the Polish Foreign Minister expressed satisfaction that the ruling party and most of opposition parties managed to come to an agreement, which, reconfirmed the irreversible nature of Georgia’s democratisation. He expressed support for Georgia on behalf of Poland once again, outlining Georgia as a huge friend and the main partner in the region. Documents Similar News