21 April 2021 On 21 April 2021, the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Kingdom of Norway held online bilateral political consultations led from the Georgian side by the Georgian First Deputy Foreign Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili and from the Norwegian side – by the State Secretary State Secretary Audun Halvorsen. The sides noted with satisfaction the increasing dynamics of relations between the two countries. The need to regularly hold bilateral political consultations and to exchange high-level visits was also highlighted during the meeting. The State Secretary welcomed the signing of the EU-brokered compromise document to solve the political crisis between the ruling party and the opposition. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili and Audun Halvorsen discussed issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral relations. Taking special note of the role of the embassies, the Georgian First Deputy Foreign Minister highly appraised the efforts of the newly launched Norwegian embassy towards further strengthening Georgia-Norway cooperation. The sides underscored the ongoing successful cooperation in the defence, energy and inclusive education areas. The Georgian First Deputy Foreign Minister focused his attention on the favourable business climate in Georgia and the economic potential of the Black Sea in terms of deepening trade-economic relations and attracting Norwegian investments. Talking points also included cooperation in maritime, agriculture and environment sectors. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili noted with gratitude the Norwegian government’s support for Georgia’s institutional and democratic development within the framework of international development cooperation. Audun Halvorsen, for her part, reaffirmed the priority of continuing support for Georgia in this regard. Special attention during the consultations was focused on Georgia’s progress in the irreversible process of Euro-Atlantic integration. The State Secretary thanked Georgia for its valuable cooperation within NATO, as well as for Georgia’s importance contribution towards ensuring international peace and security. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili underlined Georgia’s commitment to full-fledged membership of the Alliance and the importance of Norway’s support in terms of activating NATO’s Open Door Policy. The Norwegian side was informed in detail on the difficult human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied regions, Geneva International Discussions and the Government’s peace policy; The sides affirmed the need of keeping the issues relating to Georgia’s occupied regions in the international spotlight and the importance of greater involvement of Norway, as a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council. The Norwegian side reaffirmed its commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili expressed his gratitude for Norway’s support of resolutions relating to Georgia within the framework of international organizations. The Norwegian State Minister highly appraised Georgia’s successful presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. Talking points also included developments in the region and the need of consolidation of international partners’ efforts to strengthen peace and security in the region. At the end of the meeting, the sides reaffirmed their commitment to further development of cooperation, including the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of establishment of Georgia-Norway diplomatic relations scheduled for 2022. Documents Similar News