3 August 2022 On 3 August 2022, in connection with the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Japan, the Prime Ministers, as well as the Foreign Ministers of Georgia and Japan exchanged congratulatory letters. The ceremony of handing over congratulatory letters was held simultaneously in Tbilisi and Tokyo. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Georgia, Akira Imamura took part in the ceremony in Georgia, while the State MinisterforForeign Affairs, Suzuki Takako and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia to Japan, Teimuraz Lezhava - In Japan. Japan was one of the first countries to recognize Georgia's independence in 1918, and since the first day of establishing diplomatic relations in 1992, it has been a consistent and strong supporter of our country's sovereignty and territorial integrity. For 30 years, relations between Japan and Georgia have developed on the basis of common fundamental values ​​- democracy, protection of human rights and freedoms, and the rule of law, and today it is an example of successful cooperation between independent states. Special emphasis, in this regard, should be put on the dynamics of high-level visits between the two countries. Worth highlighting is the historic visit of the Japanese Foreign Minister, Taro Kono to Georgia in 2018, which gave an additional impetus to the future development of the existing ties. Various business forums and cultural events are held on a regular basis. Inter-parliamentary relations are at a high level, friendship groups have been established in the legislative bodies of both countries. Special importance is attached to the deepening of bilateral economic relations between Georgia and Japan. It is worth noting that on 23 July 2021, the bilateral investment agreement "Agreement on Investments and Taxes" was signed between the two countries, which represents an important step forward in the development of economic relations. The activities of the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and the assistance that this organization provides to Georgia in terms of implementing both educational and infrastructural projects are very important. Documents Similar News