4 September 2017 4.09.2017, Minsk, Belarus – As part of his visit to Minsk, Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze and his Belarusian counterpart Vladimir Makei signed the Program of Cooperation between the Georgian and the Belarusian Foreign Ministries for 2018-2019. Following the signing ceremony the two Ministers held a joint press conference where they expressed the hope that this programme will contribute to the development of both bilateral and multilateral co-operation. Prior to the signature of the programme, Mikheil Janelidze and Vladimir Makei held a meeting where they reaffirmed the intensification of co-operation between Georgia and Belarus over the past years which was further promoted by the exchange of high-level visits. Special attention was paid to co-operation between the line ministries. The Ministers welcomed the activities of the inter-governmental economic commission and the growth of trade turnover which increased by 25% over the past 7 months. According to the Georgian Vice Premier, Georgia with its regional transit functions and infrastructural and energy projects may become increasingly interesting to Belarus. Economic co-operation between Georgia and Belarus will bring benefits not only to the two countries but will also contribute to ensuring the development and stability of the region. Vladimir Makei expressed his readiness to participate in the Silk Road Forum scheduled in Tbilisi for November. Mikheil Janelidze thanked his Belarusian counterpart for his government’s support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. Special attention during the meeting was paid to co-operation within the format of Eastern Partnership. The ministers highlighted the importance of effectively using the opportunities offered by "20 deliverables for 2020". It was emphasized that the summit scheduled for 24 November will give a new impetus to the development of partnership and result-oriented co-operation. The Ministers noted with satisfaction cultural links and people-to-people contacts between the two countries, to which attests the Georgian festival Tbilisoba 2017 in the capital of Belarus. The Georgian delegation expressed its interest in the Belarusian Culture Week scheduled for November 2017, during which the Minister of Culture of Belarus will arrive in Georgia. Documents Similar News