14 April 2022 During his visit to Prague,TheMinister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia,Ilia Darchiashvili met with his Czech counterpart,Jan Lipavsky. The Foreign Ministers of the two countries discussed the close cooperation between the Czech Republic andGeorgia and discussed the possibilities for developing relations in various fields. Particular attention was paid to Georgia's European integration process and the prospects that have opened up for Georgia and the countries of Associated Trio by delivering to them EU membership questionnaires. Reaffirming the Czech Republic’s support for Georgia's membership of the European Union, Minister Lipavski said that one of the main priorities of the Czech EU Presidency will be to support the Associated Trio and their integration aspirations. Discussing the security climate in the region, the Ministers spoke about the ongoing war in Ukraine. They stressed the strong support of both countries for Ukraine, including the steps taken by Georgia in terms of political or humanitarian assistance to Ukraine. The conversation focused on the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. Against this background, the Ministers highlighted the need for international partners’ greater involvement in ensuring peace and stability in the region. In this context, the Georgian side noted the Czech Republic's participation in the EU Monitoring Mission. Discussions also focused on the Czech Republic's support for Georgia's integration with NATO and the practical assistance in this process. Speaking about bilateral relations, the ministers noted the great potential for cooperation in the fields of economics, trade and tourism and expressed their readiness to actively cooperate in this direction. Special emphasis was put on the projects implemented in Georgia with the support of the Czech Republic, which contribute to the development of the country and the successful implementation of reforms. At the end of the meeting, the ministers expressed their commitment to further deepen relations between the two countries. Ilia Darchiashvili invited the Czech Foreign Minister to Georgia. Documents Similar News