19 July 2021 “Today, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine have been independent for 30 years, for one generation. One generation of hard-won progress and sometimes painful setbacks. One generation of defining your own future and building your own space of prosperity and cooperation based on shared values. It has not been an easy journey, with periods of destabilisation and conflicts, with your countries facing interference or aggression. The EU stands by you in full solidarity. We share a common agenda and purpose, determined by common priorities and needs.Today I make a promise to you: the EU will remain a strong and reliable partner for your region” - Charles Michel, President of the European Council said while speaking before the Batumi International Conference. While on the theme of cooperation within the EaP, the President of the European Council said that the three Association agreements, including the free trade areas, are among the most ambitious forms of cooperation that the EU has with other countries. “By 2019 our trade had significantly increased, in some cases by as much as 45 percent. Today the EU is your largest trading partner. And I'm convinced that our free trade area can deliver much more to shape your legislative framework for the benefit of your societies, notably by getting you fit to compete on the global market. We are also seeing impressive results of visa liberalisation with Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. More than half a million of your citizens have benefited from visa free travel so far. We also support the young generation with over 80,000 exchanges through our Erasmus+ programme” – Charles Michel said. According to him, human rights and the rule of law, equal rights, non-discrimination, and freedom of expression, assembly and the press are the best guarantee for prosperity. Charles Michel also spoke about the COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, the only way out of the pandemic is global cooperation. “Today we face a great global challenge. And the only way out of the pandemic is global cooperation. Together with the EIB, we mobilised over 2.5 billion euros to support you in tackling the health crisis and addressing the social economic recovery. The EU is the largest supporter and donor of COVID vaccines to the world” – Charles Michel pointed out. The 17th Batumi International Conference - Enduring Power of Attraction - When the EU Makes Difference was officially launched on 19 July 2021. David Zalkaliani, Vice Prime-Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia opened the conference. At the opening session of the event, Salome Zourabichvili, President of Georgia, Irakli Garibashvili, Prime Minister of Georgia, Maia Sandu, President of the Republic of Moldova,Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine and Charles Michel, President of the European Council addressed the audience. Documents Similar News