29 April 2021 The Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani participated in the video conference of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) and Eastern Partnership Countries under the Polish Presidency of the Visegrad Group on April 29, 2021. This event was also attended by the Commissioner for Neighborhood and Enlargement, Olivér Várhelyi and the Secretary General of the European External Action Service, Stefano Sannino, the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Portugal as the EU Presidency, Finland and Sweden. The Georgian Foreign Minister spoke at both sessions of the Ministerial. During the first session, Zalkaliani highlighted the security challenges facing the EaP region. Special attention was paid to Russia’s policy of occupation of the Georgian regions and steps taken towards de-facto annexation, as well as to Russia’s illegal and provocative steps in the occupied territories. Emphasizing the importance of peaceful resolution of the conflicts in the EaP region in terms of strengthening security in wider Europe, the Georgian Foreign Minister expressed his gratitude to the EU for its involvement in the peacemaking processes. During the second session, Zalkaliani spoke about Eastern Partnership and its future. Highlighting Georgia’s expectations with respect to the EaP Summit, Zalkaliani expressed the hope that the Summit will reaffirm support for Associated Partners’ European choice and aspirations. Zalkaliani also emphasized the role of the differentiation principle and highlighted the need for Associated Partners to set themselves the ambitious task of full and phased integration with the EU market. The Minister focused on the importance of connectivity which will facilitate the implementation of the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area component. David Zalkaliani thanked the EU for its assistance in dealing with the COVID 19 pandemic and expresses his hope for continued support, including by giving Georgia an access to the EU funds and programmes. Speaking on socio-economic rehabilitation, the Minister stressed the need to develop an economic and investment plan for Eastern Partners. Following the Ministerial, Joint Statement of the Foreign Ministers of the Visegrad Group on the Eastern Partnership was adopted. Documents Similar News