6 December 2019 Within the framework of the 26th Ministerial Council inBratislava, the Group of Georgia’s Friends adopted a joint statement on the Russian-Georgian conflict. The friend countries reaffirm their full support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders expressing their deep concern over the continued occupation of the territory of Georgia. The friend countries call on the Russian Federation to fulfill immediately its clear obligations under the European Union-mediated 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement, and to reverse its recognition of the so-called independence of Georgia’s Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions. According to the friend countries, they do not recognize the legitimacy of the so-called elections held in Georgia’s Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions, nor do they acknowledge their outcome. The statement pays special attention to the humanitarian situation in the occupied regions expressing concern over the intensified provocations by Russia and the regimes in Sokhumi and Tskhinvali, including the attempted expansion of the occupied area and the building of “posts” by the so-called security forces of South Ossetia region close to Chorchana village on territory controlled by the Georgian Government. The statement expresses grave concern over the detention of Georgian Dr Vazha Gaprindashvili in the region of South Ossetia, as well as over the tragic death of Margo Martiashvili from Akhalgori district. The friend countries condemn the killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli and urge the Russian Federation to remove any obstacles to bringing the perpetrators to justice. In this context, they reiterate their call for thorough investigation into these and other cases, and for justice to be ensured. The friend countries also remain concerned over the installation of barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers along the administrative boundary line in the villages of Atotsi and Gugutiantkari, and the building of “posts” by the so-called security forces of South Ossetia region close to Chorchana village on territory controlled by the Georgian Government. The statement underlines the need for the peaceful resolution of the conflict based on full respect for the UN Charter, the Helsinki Final Act, and international law. The friend countries note the Georgian government’s policy of dialogue with the Russian Federation in order to de-escalate tensions with full respect for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. They also note the meeting between the Georgian and Russian Foreign Ministers held on the sidelines of the UNGA 74th Session at the initiative and through the mediation of the Swiss Confederation. The friend countries reaffirm their unwavering support to the EUMM, as the only international mission in Georgia with a mandate to monitor the implementation of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement and facilitate peace and security on the ground. They call upon the Russian Federation to allow the EUMM to implement its mandate unhindered and in full, including by enabling the EUMM’s access to both the Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions of Georgia. მეგობართა ჯგუფის განცხადება (ქართულად) მეგობართა ჯგუფის განცხადება (ინგლისურად) Documents Similar News