26 April 2018 26.04.20, Brussels - The EU-Georgia Parliamentary Association Committee (PAC) held its sixth meeting in Brussels, on 26 April. The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili attended the meeting and spoke before the delegation of the Georgian Parliament and members of the European Parliament. The Deputy Minister thanked the European Parliament for its strong support of Georgia’s European integration process that is reflected in a number of resolutions of the European Parliament. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili spoke about the progress in terms of implementing the priorities of Georgia-EU co-operation. He underlined the importance of implementing the Association Agreement in terms of establishing European norms and standards that already bring about concrete benefits to the country and population. The participants of the meeting spoke about the launch of strategic dialogue with the European Union on security issues; the creation of the highest level format for sectoral integration; the further strengthening of relations with the EU agencies, including with Europol; the signing of the agreement on operative and strategic co-operation; growth in trade and the increased export of Georgian goods to the EU market. Speaking at the PAC’s session dedicated to visa-free travel, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili positively appraised the benefits derived from the launch of visa-free regime. In this context, the Deputy Minister brought to the attention of the members of the European Parliament the measures already taken or due to be taken by Georgia for ensuring the smooth functioning of the visa-free regime. The Deputy Minister highlighted the government’s firm commitment to continue large-scale reforms under the European integration agenda and to do even more in order to bring the country as close as possible to the EU. In this light, the Deputy Minister underlined that the government currently works on the roadmap that will facilitate the effective use of available mechanisms of co-operation and will also identify new opportunities for greater integration with the EU, including in the sectoral direction. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili also highlighted the importance of the EU, and more specifically, of the European Parliament, in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. Documents Similar News