15 September 2021 The Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Czech Republic held a regular meeting of bilateral political consultations on 15 September, in Tbilisi. The delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia was led by Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, and the Czech delegation was chaired by Deputy Minister Aleš Chmelař. The two Deputy Foreign Ministers welcomed the traditionally friendly and close relations between the two countries, stressed the importance of holding regular bilateral consultations and discussed in detail the issues on the agenda of Georgian-Czech cooperation. The sides welcomed the forthcoming high-level bilateral meetings between the two countries and expressed their readiness to continue working on bilateral visits, as well as to facilitate further deepening of contacts between the Georgian and Czech sectoral agencies. In the context of sectoral cooperation, the Deputy Ministers reviewed the current dynamics in the fields of trade and economy, tourism, defence, health, culture, and education. In this regard, the existing achievements and positive trends were noted with satisfaction, as well as the need for greater efforts to fully realize the existing potential. During the consultations, the sides put a special accent on the development cooperation projects implemented in Georgia through the Czech Aid, which aim to support various sectors of Georgia and ongoing reforms. The Czech side expressed readiness to continue actively implementing projects in support of Georgia. Special attention was paid to successful cooperation in the field of healthcare, which is of particular importance in light of combating the pandemic and eliminating its consequences. In this regard, the sides placed a special value on the transfer of medical equipment by the Czech Republic to Georgian medical institutions. While on the theme of Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister briefed his Czech counterpart on Georgia’s initiatives and plans, including the application for full membership in the European Union in 2024, physical rapprochement with the EU and consolidation of sectoral cooperation. Emphasis was placed on the format of the "Associated Trio", as well as on the upcoming "Eastern Partnership" summit and the expectations of the Georgian side. It was noted that during the Czech presidency of the European Council during the second half of 2022, the Georgian side is ready for close cooperation and attaches special importance to the Czech Republic’s active involvement in and support for the implementation of Georgia's priorities. The sides highlighted Georgia's integration into NATO and the special importance of partners’ support in this regard. The Czech side took special note of Georgia’s contribution to the process of evacuation from Afghanistan and expressed gratitude for Georgia's outstanding support and assistance to its partners. During the conversation, Teimuraz Janjalia shared with his Czech counterpart detailed information about the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions and the Russian Federation’s destructive activities. The Czech side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The sides also discussed international issues, current developments and challenges facing the region. It was noted that international partners’ active efforts are crucial to strengthening peace and security in the region. At the end of the meeting, the Deputy Ministers agreed to continue close cooperation and the practice of conducting bilateral consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs on a regular basis. Documents Similar News