28 March 2019 Strasbourg hosted the eighth meeting of EU-Georgia Association Parliamentary Committee, on 26 and 27 March 2019. The meeting was chaired by head of Parliament’s European Integration Committee Tamar Khulordava and chair of the EU-Georgia Association Parliamentary Committee, a member of the European Parliament Sajjad Karim. Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister Vakhtang Makharoblishvili spoke before the attending audience. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili spoke about the progress in implementing the Georgia-EU Association Agreement, the difficult situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and the European Union’s role in resolving the conflict in Georgia. The Deputy Minister also highlighted the EU-led infrastructure projects ongoing in Georgia, including the Anaklia Deep-Sea Port. Special mention was taken of the launch of the strategic dialogue in the field of transport. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili also paid special attention to the challenges facing the visa-free travel with the EU and to the measures taken by the Georgian government to hamper illegal flow of Georgians to the EU Member States. The Deputy Minister thanked the European Parliament for its firm support of Georgia’s European integration processes as evidenced in a great number of the European Parliament’s resolutions, particularly, the first resolution on the implementation of the EU-Georgia Association Agreement adopted in November of 2018 and the resolution on the tenth anniversary of Russia’s aggression against Georgia. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili made special mention of the launch of European School for Eastern Partnership in 2018 which is the first such school opened outside the EU Member State. The Deputy Minister also highlighted the importance of the EU integration Roadmap setting forth the steps and instruments necessary for Georgia’s EU integration and the EU-Georgia strategic dialogue on security issues. At the end of the meeting Vakhtang Makharoblishvili invited members of the European Parliament to Batumi to attend the Conference to attend the tenth anniversary of the Eastern Partnership. Documents Similar News