29 December 2020 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, presented an annual report and spoke about the cultural, economic, scientific and educational development of Georgia along with the special role of the Georgian diaspora in the process of people-to-people diplomacy. He also made particular emphasis on the importance of strengthening ties with our citizens that are currently residing abroad. According to Zalkaliani, the Government of Georgia (GoG) has an obligation to maintain and expand ties with Georgian citizens living abroad. Additionally, he noted, that caring for our expats remains as one of the main dimensions of GoG’s activity. As noted by the Minister in his address, the GoG does it utmost to maintain ties with our expats, helping them to remain engaged in the processes taking place in Georgia, including in terms of innovative projects developed by the state. Namely, diaspora organisations and cultural centres receive support in terms of weekend schools and innovative methods in teaching; the grant programme dedicated to the “Support of Diaspora Initiatives” has increased to unprecedented levels, in turn, increasing the number of beneficiaries of said programme. This is done with the aim of supporting Georgian citizens that have been affected by the pandemic. Online conferences and forums are conducted continuously. Additionally, the construction process of “The leuville Georgian-French cultural centre and Georgian Academy” has entered into its active stages. The supporting projects for Georgian dance and song ensembles continue. A special grant programme is scheduled for 2021, which encompasses supplying folk ensembles and cultural centres with necessary equipment. According to Zalkaliani, historically speaking, diasporas have always played an active role in the development of their home-states. The efforts of the diaspora in terms of shaping Georgia’s image abroad along with lobbying for national interests is also priceless. Zalkaliani payed particular attention to the cooperation that has emerged between the Georgian state and diaspora during the COVID-19 pandemic. Documents Similar News