24 April 2018 24.04.2018, Tbilisi – The Georgian Foreign Ministry has hosted bilateral political consultations at the level of departments between the Foreign Ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Finland. The meeting from the Georgian side was chaired by the Director of the European Department, Nino Baratashvili and from the Finnish side – by the Director General of the Department of Russia, East Europe and Central Asia, Maivo Henrikson. The political consultations were held in the form of thematic panels in which representatives of the political, European Integration, NATO Integration, Strategic Communications and International Economic Relations Departments participated. The sides discussed a broad spectrum of bilateral and multilateral co-operation paying special attention to the need to deepen political and economic relations between the two countries, as well as to prospects for the further development of co-opertion in the areas of defence and education. Special note was taken of the Finish companies’ growing interest in Georgia, to which attests the visit of Finnish tour operators to Georgia from 19 to 22 April. The Georgian side stressed the importance of presence of the President of Finland Sauli Niinistö at the celebrations of the 100th anniversary of the first democratic republic of Georgia. It was noted that the visit of the leader of Finland, along with other high-ranking officials, is not only an expression of tribute to the historic date of paramount importance to Georgia, but it is also sure to give fresh impulse to the further strengthening of relations between Georgia and Finland. In the context of Georgian-Finnish friendship and co-operation, special note was taken of Georgia’s contribution to the Finnish Flag Project dedicated to the 100th anniversary of independence of Finland, for which the Finnish side once again expressed its gratitude. During the consultations, the Georgian side thanked the Finnish delegation for its active and effective support of Georgia’s European integration, to which attest the twinning and other projects that have already been implemented or are still ongoing through the support of Finland. The sides emphasized Finland’s consistent support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity in multilateral formats and for resolutions submitted by Georgia within the framework of international organizations. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s European integration agenda, in particular, on the successes Georgia has achieved in the process of rapprochement with the EU and prospects for the future. The sides expressed the hope that Finland will further co-operate to share its experience with Georgia in the process of EU integration. According to Maivo Henrikson, Finland will continue to support Georgia on its European integration path. He also underlined that the launch of visa-free travel between Georgia and the EU owes a great deal to the Georgian government’s reforms and the staunch efforts of the Georgian people. During the meeting, the sides discussed the difficult security and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories paying special attention to the tragic death of Archil Tatunashvili who fell victim to the Russian occupation and annexation policy. The Georgian side spoke extensively about the progress made in the Geneva International Discussions highlighting the Georgian government’s confidence building efforts. The Finnish diplomat for his part condemned the human rights violations and killings in the occupied territories reaffirming Finland’s unequivocal support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. Within the framework of the visit, the Finnish delegation visited the EU Monitoring Mission in Georgia, as well as the territories adjacent to the occupation line. Within the framework of the consultations the sides also discussed regional and global issues currently on the international agenda. Documents Similar News