15 November 2021 On 24 September 2021, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hosted a preparatory meeting for the 55thround of the Geneva International Discussions with the Co-Chairs from the EU, the UN and the OSCE. The meeting was chaired by the First Deputy Foreign Minister/Head of the Georgian Delegation to the GenevaInternational Discussions,Lasha Darsalia. At the meeting, the sides discussed issues on the agenda of the 55th round of talks and Russia's illegal actions leading to the deterioration of the security and humanitarian situation on the ground. The Georgian delegation expressed particular concern over Russia's steps towards de facto annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, including over the steps to implement a "program" to create a common socio-economic space between Russia and the Russian-occupied Abkhazian region, as well as over the agreements signed with the occupation regimes aimed at integrating Georgia’s occupied regions into various Russian systems. The ongoing militarization and illegal military exercises in violation of the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement in the occupied territories on 12 August 2008, as well as the reinforcement of the occupation line with barbed wire fences and various artificial barriers involve a serious risk of escalation. The First Deputy Minister paid special attention to the cases of abduction and illegal detention of Georgian citizens and raised the issue of immediate release, without any preconditions, of Georgian citizens illegally detained in Tskhinvali and Sokhumi, including Irakli Bebua. Against the background of increasing provocations on the ground, the sides stressed the need to restore the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism meetings in Gali without any precondition, and to ensure the smooth and effective functioning of the IPRM meetings in Ergneti and Gali. The sides spoke about discrimination against ethnic Georgians and ban on education in their mother tongue. Also, emphasis was placed on the dire humanitarian consequences in Akhalgori district caused by the long-term closure of crossing points across the occupation line in the Tskhinvali region. At the meeting with the co-chairs, the Georgian delegation reiterated the need to bring justice over the cases of Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili, and over the death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia at the Russian military base in the Abkhaz region. The meeting stressed the importance of resolving the security and humanitarian problems of the conflict-affected population in the format of the Geneva International Discussions and the need to make progress on key issues on the agenda, such as Russia's fulfillment of international obligations under the 12 August 2008 ceasefire, withdrawal of occupation forces, deployment of international security mechanisms on the ground, as well as safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The sides discussed the ways to use the negotiations effectively for this purpose. The 55th round of the Geneva International Discussions will take place on 7and 8 December 2021. Documents Similar News