14 June 2018 14.06.2018, Batumi - “Batumi Conference has already established itself as a forum to discuss steps already taken or to be taken towards Georgia’s integration with the European and Euro-Atlantic structures and as a way that will lead our country to full membership of the European family” – the acting Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said when delivering his keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the Batumi International Conference “Georgia’s European Way”. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia is relentlessly pursuing the European path, which our forefathers chose to follow many centuries ago. He said that Georgia-EU co-operation has moved to an absolutely new stage and Georgia has never been as close to the European family as now. “Georgia is recognized as a leader in the process of European transformation. Visa-free travel within the EU area, free trade relations, co-operation in the areas of education, science, innovations, culture, energy, environment, agriculture, transport and communications, security and the development of democratic institutions – are just a shortlist of benefits that European integration may bring to Georgia” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Mikheil Janelidze spoke extensively about the European integration roadmap aimed at achieving a greater level of integration with the EU. He said that Georgia will employ both available tools of co-operation and new opportunities and will do even more than provided for by the Association Agreement. Mikheil Janelidze thanked the high representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Federica Mogherini for her statement regarding the European Parliament’s Resolution on the occupied territories of Georgia 10 years after the Russian aggression. “Ten years after the Georgian-Russian war and the signing of the ceasefire agreement, Russia continues to violate its obligations under the agreement and to take steps towards annexation of Georgia’s integral territories – Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali regions. However, Georgia is determined not to swerve from the policy of peaceful resolution of the conflicts, with the clear and unanimous support of the international community” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The acting Minister spoke about the importance of Euro-Atlantic integration and the expectation that Georgia’s progress will be duly assessed in the context of the NAO Open Door Policy. According to him Georgia has proved many times to be a valuable and reliable partner of the Alliance. Mikheil Janelidze also paid special attention to the sectoral co-operation between Georgia and the EU highlighting the importance of creating the highest format of sectoral co-operation that is a clear proof of the European Union’s close interest in deepening relations with Georgia. “I am confident that Georgia will successfully go through to the finish of the European path and we will become full members of the European family” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Documents Similar News