26 November 2024 "The priorities of Georgia's foreign policy are focused on the peaceful restoration of the country's territorial integrity and the strengthening of its sovereignty, ensuring stability and security, Only through a firm, pragmatic, and results-oriented policy will it be possible to achieve the goals defined by Georgia's Constitution" - the candidate for Minister of Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili said during her speech at the joint session of the parliamentary committees. According to Maka Botchorishvili, the past four years have been particularly difficult for Georgia and the region, placing the country in front of significant domestic and foreign challenges. The candidate for Minister of Foreign Affairs wished the newly elected members of Parliament a fruitful activity in a more peaceful environment. "Dear colleagues, it is emotional and a great honor for me to stand before you today as the candidate for the position of Minister of Foreign Affairs. First and foremost, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to you, the members of the 10th Convocation of Parliament, my dear colleagues and friends, for the solidarity and cooperation we have shared over the past four years. To the newly elected members of Parliament, I wish you fruitful parliamentary work in an environment that is more peaceful than the one experienced by the 10th Convocation. The priorities of Georgia's foreign policy are focused on the peaceful restoration of the country's territorial integrity and the strengthening of its sovereignty, ensuring stability and security, advancing the country's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and deepening relationships with international partners. Only through a firm, pragmatic, and results-oriented policy will it be possible to achieve the goals defined by Georgia's Constitution. The primary priority remains the reunification of the country and the peaceful restoration of its territorial integrity. In this regard, particular importance is attached to maintaining and strengthening high-level attention to issues related to the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict on the international agenda. The Georgian government will continue its active efforts and use all available diplomatic and legal leverage to achieve the de-occupation of Georgia's territories. We will continue to uphold the State's interests in the Strasbourg and Hague courts. The Georgian government's efforts will focus on strengthening and ensuring the effective functioning of the Geneva International Discussions format. The past four years have been exceptionally challenging for our country and our region, which has directly impacted Georgia, placing our nation before a range of difficult domestic and foreign challenges. The past four years have highlighted with particular intensity how profoundly external factors influence our country’s domestic politics and, conversely, how domestic affairs are used in our foreign policy. Therefore, the conduct of foreign policy, in light of the challenges we face, requires both extraordinary courage and caution“ - the candidate for Minister of Foreign Affairs said. Maka Botchorishvili thanked former Minister Ilia Darchiashvili for his leadership of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs during a difficult period and for his excellent cooperation. I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to Ilia Darchiashvili for his leadership of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs during this difficult period and for his excellent cooperation with the Georgian Parliament, and particularly with the European Integration Committee, which I had the privilege to lead. Documents Similar News