1 March 2023 On 1 March 2023, the fourth round of consultations was held in Berlin, at the Federal Foreign Office of Germany, within the framework of the Georgian-German-French triangle. Within the framework of consultations, the sides discussed and exchanged opinions on the priority areas of Georgia's foreign policy - EU and NATO membership, as well as Russia's aggression against Georgia and the current situation in the occupied territories. Attention was focused on Russia's military intervention in Ukraine, the current situation in the region, energy security and the role of Georgia as a transit country, climate change, cooperation within international organizations. It was emphasized that Georgia continues the irreversible process of integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures. The participants confirmed their strong support for European values, which form an unshakable foundation for Georgia's cooperation with the European Union, and the ultimate goal of this cooperation is Georgia's full membership in the European Union. The sides noted the historical importance of granting a European perspective to Georgia– the decision, which confirms that Georgia belongs to Europe, culturally, socially, and politically. Special attention was focused on Georgia’s progress in fulfilling the European Commission’s 12 recommendations. The sides also highlighted Georgia’s legal and institutional rapprochement with the European Union as confirmed by the European Commission’s report published in 2023. Georgia’s special priorities in terms of European integration have been named: expansion of EU market opportunities for Georgian products, timely implementation of the European Union’s decision to open the public procurement market, mutual recognition of the authorized economic operator program, full integration of Georgia into the Single Euro Payment Area and single roaming spaces, mutual recognition of electronic signatures, and of professional qualifications. Within the framework of tripartite consultations, the sides discussed the country's Euro-Atlantic integration process. The Georgian side expressed its gratitude to both France and Germany for their significant contribution to various NATO-Georgia projects. The importance of further deepening NATO-Georgia cooperation towards strengthening security in the Black Sea region was emphasized. Discussions also focused on the preparations for the NATO Vilnius summit planned for this year. During the consultations, the sides talked about the worsening security, humanitarian and human rights situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions occupied by Russia. The Georgian side spoke in detail about the recent illegal and provocative actions of Russia in the occupied territories, including the steps taken by Moscow towards the de-facto annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, military build-up, the process of reinforcing the occupation line with barbed wire and artificial barriers, illegal detentions of Georgian citizens and restriction of free movement, ethnic discrimination of Georgians. The sides emphasized the critical necessity for Russia to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, especially in light of Russia's large-scale military aggression against Ukraine. The delegations highlighted the role of the Geneva International Discussions both in the implementation of the ceasefire agreement and in solving the security and humanitarian problems of people affected by the Russian occupation. Discussions focused on the Georgian government’s peaceful policy and the critical importance of the partners’ active support and the need to keep the Russia-Georgia conflict high on the international agenda. The representatives of the German and French foreign ministries once again confirmed their unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. Special attention was paid to the Black Sea connectivity, which opens up new opportunities to strengthen the connections between Europe and Asia in the energy, transport and digital areas. In this context, the large-scale the Black Sea submarine cable project was highlighted. The internal political processes in Georgia, Germany and France were also discussed within the consultations. Documents Similar News