8 November 2018 08.11.2018, Tbilisi – The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with the Minister of State for Europe and Americas, Sir Alan Duncan who arrived in Georgia within the margins of the fifth plenary session ofthe Georgia-UK Wardrop Strategic Dialogue David Zalkaliani expressed his gratitude for the UK Government’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Special note was taken of the involvement of the Good Governance Fund (GGF) in strengthening the Georgian state institutions and the democratic development of the country. Sir Alan Duncan noted with satisfaction the increasing dynamics of trade-economic relations between Georgia and Great Britain. The sides attached special importance to the opportunities of co-operation following Brexit. Discussions also focused on defence co-operation. Sir Alan Duncan noted that his visit coincided with the presidential elections in Georgia which proceeded in a peaceful and democratic manner. The UK Minister of State attributed this to the efforts of the Georgian Government. The sides discussed the difficult humanitarian and human rights situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Special attention was paid to the need to create international human rights monitoring mechanisms on the ground and the necessity of full compliance by Russia with the international commitments under the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Duncan condemned the recent developments along the occupation line near Tskhinvali region “which marks Russia’s illegal presence.” “It must not be allowed to develop any further. If I have one simple message today to Russia, it is unacceptable to put up wire, razor wire, take down that wire,” he said. Following the meeting, the Ministers opened fifth plenary session ofthe Georgia-UK Wardrop Strategic Dialogue, within which working groups focused on 4 segments will meet to discuss political, security and defence and trade-economic issues and people-to-people contacts. David Zalkaliani and Sir Alan Duncan signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Co-operation in the Area of Cyber Security and the Memorandum of Understanding on Co-operation between the Georgian National Library and the British Library. Documents Similar News