30 June 2020 The Secretary Generalof the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić and the President of theParliamentaryAssembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) RikDaemssent letters to the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani on the occasion of the completion of the Georgian Presidency of the CoE Committee of Ministers. According to the Secretary General’s letter the Georgian Presidency coincided the unprecedented challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. “I pay tribute to the manner, in which the Georgian authorities adapted to the situation finding creative and effective ways of moving forward with its priorities” – reads the letter. The Secretary General also highlights that while fully in line with the Council of Europe’s mandate, Georgia’s priorities were bold and ambitious, breaking new ground in areas such as human rights and environmental protection. Marija Pejčinović Burić thanks Georgian Government and the Minister of Foreign Affairs for the achievements realised during the six months, as well the good and close cooperation with the Parliamentary Assembly. The President of theParliamentaryAssembly of the Council of Europe highly appraises Georgia’s achievements and expresses his gratitude for the excellent cooperation and frank exchanges we had in the course of the Presidency. “I believe you should be proud of what you achieved during these six months, and of the way you handled the Presidency during the COVID-19 crisis, making sure that the Committee of Ministers could carry out its work efficiently under extremely difficult circumstances. I have particularly appreciated the important contribution made by the Georgian Presidency to the strengthened dialogue between the Committee of Ministers, the Parliamentary Assembly and the Secretary General – the so-called “trialogue”, which continued to function even during the lockdown.” According to Rick Daems, equally important is the interlink between human rights and the environment, which is an extremely important legacy of the Georgian Presidency. In this context, he welcomes the joint declaration between the Georgian, Greek and German presidencies, ensuring that this issue will remain high on the agenda for next presidencies and opening the way for harnessing the potential of Council of Europe instruments in this field. On closing the President of the PACE expresses his gratitude to the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Ambassador Irakli Giviashvili. Documents Similar News