10 June 2022 "The scale of the Turkish-Georgian Business Forum clearly reflects the very special, friendly and strategic relations between the two countries - Georgia and the Republic of Turkey," Foreign Minister Ilia Darchiashvili told participants of the Turkish-Georgian Business Forum "Chveneburebi". The forum was held for the first time with the participation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia at the initiative of the Georgian Historical Diaspora living in the Republic of Turkey and the Association with Georgian and Turkish Businessmen. It should be noted that the Turkey-Georgia Business Forum, organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, is the fourth large-scale event organized by Diaspora representatives to ensure their involvement in the country's economic reconstruction process. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, this year, when the 30th anniversary of the resumption of diplomatic relations between the two countries is celebrated, the holding of a business forum gains special weight and somehow summarizes the achievements of Georgia and Turkey in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in a number of areas. According to Darchiashvili, it is important to hold this large-scale event with the country, which was one of the first to recognize Georgia's independence and today is one of the active supporters of our country in the international arena. As the Minister emphasized, "the prominent representatives of our diaspora make a special contribution to the establishment of this wide range and sustainable relationship, because they are the ones who contribute to the establishment of strategic cooperation and the development of economic ties." In addition to being interested in economic projects, they, according to Darchiashvili, are carriers of the culture of the two countries, the values ​​of the two countries and fulfill a special mission in terms of strengthening inter-people ties and popularizing our country. "Georgian art houses, cultural-educational foundations, societies, creative unions operating in Turkey are a kind of bridge of relations with compatriots. "Chveneburebi interested in Georgia, Georgian language, alphabet, culture gather in Georgian cultural centers, celebrate holidays, celebrate the friendship and joint achievements of two brotherly nations!" - the Minister added. According to him, the interest of Georgian businessmen working in Turkey in the investment environment and economic opportunities of Georgia is growing day by day. Therefore, it is important to regularly inform them about the current processes, reforms and economic trends in Georgia, which will allow them not only to implement interesting business projects, but also to act as a kind of "investment representatives" in relations with foreign partners. "We are interested and will support the regular holding of such meetings, which will help our compatriots to discover new spaces, new opportunities and use the country for the better," Ilia Darchiashvili said. The Turkish-Georgian Business Forum "Chveneburebi" was held in Georgia for the first time with the involvement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the initiative of the Georgian Diaspora living in the Republic of Turkey. The purpose of the business forum is to inform the representatives of the Turkish business community about the investment environment and economic opportunities in Georgia and to attract investments to Georgia with the support of the Georgian Diaspora living in Turkey. Representatives of the economic bloc, relevant state agencies and entrepreneurial spheres are participating in the forum from the Georgian side. Documents Similar News