22 May 2018 22.05.2018, New York - The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze participated in the United Nations (UN) themed debate dedicated to the protection of civilians in armed conflict. The Foreign Minister paid special attention to the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and human rights violations. According to Mikheil Janelidze, respecting international law is at the heart of resolving the conflict in Georgia and addressing its humanitarian consequences. Russia’s disrespect for international law is the major impediment to the conflict-settlement. “Russia continues to violate the UN Charter and main principles of international law, as well as up to 39 UNSC Resolutions.10 years have passed since the Russia-Georgia war and Russian Federation has yet to fulfill its obligations under the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The only international security presence, the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) is unable to fully exercise its mandate by being denied access to the territories that are under the illegal military occupation by the Russian Federation. According to the 5th point of the agreement the Russian Federation has to withdraw its troops and allow international security mechanisms to be established on the ground” – the Minister said. According to Mikheil Janelidze, the fact that international security mechanisms are denied access to the territories that are under the illegal military occupation have contributed to the creation of the environment that puts lives and basic rights of civilians living in and along the occupied territories under danger. In this context, the Vice Prime Minister once again referred to the tragic death of Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili. As the Foreign Minister highlighted the civilian population on these territories are deprived of minimal safeguards for their safety and are stripped of their fundamental rights and freedoms, including but not limited to: the right to freedom of movement, prohibition of education in native language, right to health care and gross violations of the right to property. “No international monitor is allowed to enter the occupied regions and provide credible information about the humanitarian and human rights needs on the ground, which should be totally unacceptable for the international community and the Security Council” – Mikheil Janelidze said. According to Mikheil Janelidze, In Georgia, after the 2009 veto on the continuation of the UNOMIG mandate, we face the vacuum and the need for the establishment of international security arrangements on the ground, which directly affect the protection of civilians. On closing, Mikheil Janelidze reaffirmed Georgia’s readiness to join the global efforts aimed at addressing the question of impunity and strengthening the protection of human rights. Documents Similar News