8 November 2023 On 8 November 2023, the European Commission published 2023 Communication on EU Enlargement Policy, which assesses the progress of EU candidate countries on their path to membership. After the recognition of Georgia's European perspective by the European Union in 2022, this is the first report within the framework of the enlargement policy that also includes Georgia. With this report, the European Commission recommends to the European Council to grant Georgia a candidate status. The recommendation is based on the steps taken by Georgia to fulfill the European Commission’s 12 priorities in 2022. The European Commission welcomes Georgia's efforts to implement the reforms and positively evaluates the legislative initiatives and specific steps taken by the country in such areas as increasing the level of parliamentary oversight and improving the functioning of state institutions, fight against organized crime and corruption, ensuring the protection of human rights and basic freedoms, gender equality, implementing the judicial reform, ensuring reference to European Court of Human Rights decisions by Georgia’s courts, pursuing cooperation with civil society and others. According to the European Commission's report, Georgia is moderately prepared to establish a functioning market economy and positively considers the country's course of pursuing a sound macroeconomic policy, and demonstrates a satisfactory track record in carrying out sound macroeconomic policies, and the institutional and regulatory environment is favourable overall. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues to work with the EU member states so that the EU leaders take into account the European Commission's recommendation and in December confirm Georgia's status as a candidate for EU membership. This will be an important political statement and another solid proof that Georgia will become a member of the European Union. EU membership is primarily a merit-based process. Georgia is committed to and continues the reform process in accordance with the European Commission’s recommendations of 8 November and the obligations stipulated in the Association Agreement. Georgia is ready to continue active cooperation with the European Union institutions for the timely start of EU accession talks, which will eventually end with Georgia's membership of the European Union. Documents Similar News