6 September 2019 6.09.2019 – Amid the recent illegal and provocative activities along the occupation line, including the erection of artificial barriers, detention of Georgian civilians and mobilisation of military equipment and personnel by the occupation forces coupled with groundless accusations and ultimatums issued to the Government of Georgia – the Ministry of Foreign Affairs expresses its particular concern over the fact that the occupation forces captured the hilltop in the vicinity of the village of Chorchana, installed a so-called “border” sign and stepped up works for deploying a so-called post of occupation forces there. These are deliberate actions that together form a chain of processes, one of the aims of which is to push us into starting so-called demarcation-delimitation procedures. But this is a futile attempt and unacceptable to the Georgian authorities. The internal administrative boundary line does not require any demarcation. It is also alarming that the occupation regime decided to close the occupation line in Tskhinvali region of Georgia, which grossly violates fundamental human rights, including the right to freedom of movement, leads to complete isolation of the population of Tskhinvali region and exacerbates the already difficult humanitarian situation on the ground. Such steps only cause further destabilization of the situation and undermine the peaceful efforts of the Georgian Government, as well as of the international community. The Co-Chairs of the Geneva International Discussions and the EU Monitoring Mission are duly informed about the developments mentioned above. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs calls upon the occupation regime to cease its illegal activities that are aimed at destabilizing the situation and restricting the fundamental rights of the conflict-affected population and, rather than undertaking provocative actions, to ensure constructive participation in both the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia calls upon the Russian Federation to respect its international obligations, implement the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, take effective measures to de-escalate the situation and contribute to addressing the security and humanitarian challenges through result-oriented participation in the Geneva International Discussions. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia appeals to the international community to give due reaction to the destructive steps of the occupation regime and take effective measures to counter the illegal process on the ground. Documents Similar News