25 November 2018 25.11.2018 – “Georgia is recognized as a leader of European integration processes. The high-level dialogue held in Brussels points to the fact that Georgia has advanced to a qualitatively new level of EU integration. This new format is first of all clear recognition of the reforms that the Georgian Government carries out in terms of economic development and the strengthening of democratic institutions” – the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said during his meeting with Kvemo Kartli population in Kutaisi. David Zalkaliani extensively spoke about the benefits of Georgia’s EU integration. According to him, Georgia has achieved tangible results since 2012 on the EU integration path, including the Association Agreement signed in 2014, including DCFTA; visa free travel with the EU, which is not just the technical decision of the European Union but an important political message indicating that the EU wants to ensure that Georgian citizens travel visa-free throughout the EU/Schengen area and enjoy all the benefits of European integration. Visa-free travel offers a good opportunity to small and medium businesses to find their partners in the EU market and develop free trade with the EU. According to the Foreign Minister, EU assistance will be directed towards such areas as agriculture, innovations, education and science, civil defence and security, fight against crime, etc. Zalkaliani updated the attending audience on the agreements signed within the framework of the first high-level meeting between the Georgian Government and the European Commission in Brussels. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia will receive financial assistance worth €231 million, of which €100 mln will go towards the development of small and medium businesses and €45 mln will be allocated as a macro-financial assistance. David Zalkaliani also spoke about the ongoing misinformation campaign aimed at misleading the public by disseminating false information about Georgia’s EU integration processes. On closing, he highlighted Georgia’s contribution towards strengthening international security and stability. Documents Similar News