17 September 2021 On 17 September 2021, an online meeting was held between the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, and the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Romania, Dan Nekulaescu. At the meeting, the sides discussed current issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral relations and prospects for further deepening of cooperation. The sides reaffirmed their commitment to put the relationship between the two countries through a strategic prism in the near future, which will further strengthen the traditionally friendly relations and facilitate interaction in various fields. Stressing the need for high-level visits in order to intensify the political dialogue, the sides agreed to intensify the dynamics in this direction. The conversation focused on close economic cooperation between the two countries. In this context, the sides underlined the great potential of Georgia and Romania as Black Sea countries in the fields of transport and communications. Special attention was paid to the importance of joint regional projects and the need to deepen cooperation in this regard. The Sides put a special accent on Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The Georgian Deputy Minister informed his Romanian counterpart about Georgia’s plans and initiatives, including the priorities for submitting an application for EU membership in 2024, physical rapprochement with the EU and strengthening sectoral cooperation. Emphasis was placed on the format of the "Associated Trio", as well as the upcoming summit of the Eastern Partnership and the expectations of the Georgian side. Talking points included active dynamics of NATO-Georgia cooperation, the role of the renewed Substantial NATO-Georgia Package (SNGP) and the importance of partner support. Special attention was paid to the situation in the occupied territories, as well as to the destructive actions of the Russian Federation during the pandemic. It was stressed that the support of partners is essential to put this issue atop the international agenda. The Romanian Foreign Minister reaffirmed Romania's unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News