15 October 2018 15.10.2018, Luxembourg - The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with theMinister for Foreign Affairs and Trade of Ireland, Simon Coveney. Highly appraising the increasing level of bilateral relations between Georgia and Ireland, the sides affirmed their commitment to further develop their co-operation. The Irish Minister pledged his government’s firm support for Georgia’s EU integration. According to him, Ireland is ready to share its EU integration experience with Georgia. Discussions during the meeting focused on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. David Zalkaliani updated his colleague on the ongoing conflict resolution process, Georgia’s peace policy and the new peace initiative. The necessity of keeping the occupation of the Georgian regions and the situation on the ground high on the international agenda was also highlighted. The Irish side reaffirmed its support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity that is reflected in bilateral and multilateral formats of co-operation. The Ministers welcomed the increasing level of inter-parliamentary relations between the two countries and the exchange of bilateral visits. Special attention was paid to the resolutions adopted in support for Georgia in 2017 and 2018 by the Foreign Relations, Trade and Defence Committee of the Irish Parliament. David Zalkaliani thanked his Irish counterpart for adding Georgia to the list of safe countries, which points to Ireland’s recognition of Georgia’s progress in improving the political and democratic climate, human rights and security situation. The Georgian Foreign Minister also provided Simon Coveney with detailed information on Georgia’s European integration agenda and the government’s EU Integration Roadmap. The sides also spoke about Georgia as an important regional transit and energy hub and the Irish business communities’ possible interest in Georgia’s investment climate. David Zalkaliani brought to the attention of his Irish counterpart the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, Georgia’s peace policy and the Government’s new initiative “A Step towards a Better Future”. Documents Similar News