28 September 2021 On 27 September 2021, political consultations between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries were held in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania. The Georgian delegation was led by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia, and the Lithuanian delegation - by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Mantas Adomenas. The Georgia-Lithuania political consultations focused on a wide range of bilateral and multilateral cooperation, as well as on regional and global security issues. The Georgian side thanked the Lithuanian partners for their strong support, as well as for the allocation of COVID vaccines to Georgia. During the consultations, the sides focused on important projects implemented under the Development Cooperation Program of the Lithuanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as well as on Lithuania’s assistance in the implementation of sectoral reforms. The Lithuanian side expressed its readiness to further implement the projects that will bring Georgia closer to European standards. The sides took special note of the success of sectoral cooperation between the two countries. In this context, special emphasis was placed on successful cooperation in the field of defense and security. During the consultations, the sides discussed the progress made by Georgia on the path to European integration and the importance of Lithuania's support in this regard. The ways to bring Georgia closer to the EU, Georgia’s plans to apply for full EU membership in 2024 and prospects for the Associated Trio were also highlighted. The sides also exchanged views over the Eastern Partnership and its future. Teimuraz Janjalia informed his Lithuanian counterpart about Georgia’s expectations regarding the EaP summit scheduled for December. The conversation focused on Georgia's contribution to strengthening international security and the importance of intensifying the NATO integration process. The Lithuanian delegation highly appraised Georgia's active involvement in the evacuation of troops and civilians from Afghanistan. The Lithuanian side was briefed on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva International Discussions and the Georgian government's peace policy. Discussions focused on gross human rights violations and the current humanitarian situation in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation, as well as on the need for the partners’consolidated position to keep the aforesaid issues high on the international agenda. The sides paid special attention to the function of Georgia as a facilitator, as well as the role of Lithuania in ensuring security. During the consultations, talking points included the upcoming local self-government elections in Georgia. Teimuraz Janjalia stressed Georgia’s commitment to hold elections openly and transparently, according to democratic standards. The Lithuanian side underlined Georgia’s progress on European and Euro-Atlantic integration path and reaffirmed its strong support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Within the framework of the political consultations, Salome Shapakidze, Director General of the Directorate General for European Integration at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs met with Jonas Daniliauskas, Ambassador at Large for the Eastern Partnership. The sides discussed in detail the current issues of Georgia-EU cooperation. The meeting focused on the future of the Eastern Partnership policy and expectations with respect to the summit scheduled for December this year. Documents Similar News