5 August 2022 From 1 to 5 August 2022, within the framework of the TenthReview Conference for the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in New York, the head of the Georgian delegation, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, held bilateral meetings with the Assistant Secretary General of the United Nations, as well as with the Deputy Foreign Ministers of Ukraine, Romania, Sweden, the Philippines, and Kyrgyzstan and the permanent representatives of Chile, Ecuador and Saint Lucia. At the meeting held with the UN Assistant Secretary General, MiroslavJenča, the sides discussed a wide range of Georgia's cooperation with the United Nations. The conversation focused on the issues related to the Russia-Georgia conflict, including the ongoing Geneva international discussions. The First Deputy Minister thanked the Assistant Secretary General for the active work of UN agencies in Georgia and their involvement in a number of priority areas. At the meeting with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Mykola Tochytskyi, Lasha Darsalia expressed strong solidarity towards Ukraine against the background of aggression from Russia. Discussions focused on the topic of bilateral relations, regional security issues and the importance of the gradual implementation of multilateral international legal instruments, including the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. During the meeting with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania, Iulian Fota, Lasha Darsalia expressed gratitude for Romania's firm support for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration; Positive dynamics of bilateral relations was also noted. The sides agreed to continue close cooperation on issues of common interest, including regional security. At the meeting with the State Secretary of the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Magnus Nilsson, the sides discussed global and regional security issues and emphasized the importance of maintaining and strengthening the rules-based international order. Lasha Darsalia thanked his Swedish colleague for Sweden's firm support of Georgia's European integration and reform agenda. During the meeting between Lasha Darsalia and the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Philippines Carlos Sorreta, the sides discussed the growing cooperation between the two countries. The sides noted with satisfaction the close cooperation within international organizations. At the meeting with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan, Dinara Kemelova, the sides discussed issues relating to strengthening bilateral relations and cooperation initiatives within the framework of international organizations. Within the framework of the meetings with the permanent representatives of Chile, Ecuador and Saint Lucia, current issues and priorities on the bilateral agenda were discussed within the framework of multilateral organizations. The sides agreed to deepen cooperation on issues of common interest. At the end of the visit, Lasha Darsalia participated in a reception organized by the Hungarian Mission to the United Nations in honor of the President oftheTenth Review Conferencefor theNuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty(NPT), Gustavo Zlauvinen. Documents Similar News