26 September 2025 Within the framework of the 80th Session of the United Nations General Assembly, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, together with the Mayor of New York City, hosted a gala event at the Yale Club of New York to mark the 100th anniversary of the Society of Foreign Consuls. The event was held under the theme “Strengthening Diaspora Engagement and the Global Diaspora Policy Alliance.” In her address, Minister Botchorishvili congratulated the Society of Foreign Consuls on its centennial anniversary, noting that Georgia currently holds the presidency of the organization. She emphasized the importance of diaspora engagement in strengthening global ties and advancing sustainable development, stating: “We have made engagement with the diaspora a central part of Georgia’s foreign policy and development agenda.” The Minister highlighted the role of the Global Diaspora Policy Alliance (GDPA), noting Georgia’s commitment, as co-chair of the Alliance, to further advancing the role of diaspora organizations in fostering inclusive and sustainable international cooperation. Minister Botchorishvili also underlined the strong ties between the Georgian diaspora and their homeland: "I would like to express my deep gratitude to the City of New York. We are grateful to this city for being a generous host not only to the diplomatic corps, but also to the dreams and aspirations of so many people from around the world - including Georgians. I also wish to thank the members of the Georgian diaspora for carrying the spirit of Georgia in your hearts, even while living thousands of kilometers away". Distinguished guests also addressed the audience, including Camille Joseph Varlack, Deputy Mayor of New York City; Aissata Camara, Commissioner for International Affairs of the Mayor’s Office; Hans Leo Cacdac, Secretary of the Department of Migrant Workers of the Philippines; and Manuel Castro, Commissioner for Immigration Affairs. The event was attended by senior officials from local authorities, the U.S. Department of State, and other governmental institutions, as well as members of the diplomatic corps accredited in New York and representatives of various diasporas. The Society of Foreign Consuls in New York was established in 1925 and is today the largest consular organization in the world, bringing together more than 100 consular missions. In June 2025, the General Consul of Georgia in New York, Maia Bartaia, was elected President of the Society of Foreign Consuls. Documents Similar News