20 August 2021 On 20 August 2021, the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister of Georgia, Davit Zalkaliani met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Uruguay, Francisco Bustilio Bonaso paying his first official visit to Tbilisi. The ministers discussed in detail a wide range of issues on the agenda of bilateral relations and future priorities in the political, trade, economic and cultural spheres. It was noted that despite the geographical distance, there are many similarities between Georgia and Uruguay, including common values ​​and interests, which creates a significant potential for further development of cooperation. The sides underlined the progress made in recent years in terms of deepening cooperation between the two countries, as evidenced by the frequency of high-level visits and meetings. The ministers noted that in parallel to the excellent political dialogue, there is an opportunity for further development of trade and economic ties, sectoral cooperation and the legal framework. Special emphasis was put on the function of Georgia as a regional hub, as well as on its favorable business environment, geostrategic location and a range of free trade agreements Georgia has signed with various countries. The Ministers agreed that concrete steps will be taken in the near future to deepen economic cooperation. “One of the significant results is that the Uruguayan Minister handed to me a note reaffirming Uruguay’s readiness to begin negotiations regarding a free-trade agreement. I believe this will be one of the important tangible results of this visit, which will further expand trade and economic relations between the two countries. Georgia's potential will be used to the fullest, so will the potential and opportunities that Uruguay offers us in the Latin American region” – the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani said after a meeting with his Uruguayan counterpart, Francisco Bustillo. Davit Zalkaliani thanked his Uruguayan counterpart for his country’s unwavering support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, noting that Uruguay is a strong supporter and friend of Georgia in the Latin American region. Francisco Bustillo is visiting Georgia as part of the regional tour. He arrived in Tbilisi from the Republic of Armenia and will leave Georgia for Turkey. Documents Similar News