10 November 2022 On 9 and 10 November, in Vilnius, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia took part in the 2nd high-level Future of Democracy forum hosted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania. The First Deputy Minister delivered a speech at the high-level panel held within the framework of the forum - What will replace the crumbling Global security architecture. He spoke about the impact of the war waged by Russia in Ukraine on the global security architecture and the necessary responses and steps from the democratic society in this regard. Lasha Darsalia focused on security challenges facing Georgia in the most difficult geopolitical situation. The First Deputy Minister informed the attending audience about the grave human rights, security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. He paid special attention to the frequent discrimination of the basic rights and freedoms of ethnic Georgians by the occupation regime. The ongoing illegal "borderization" and other provocative actions of Russia, including frequent illegal arrests, kidnappings and steps taken towards the annexation of Georgian territories were also emphasized. The event was opened with a welcome speech by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania, Gabrielius Landsbergis. The forum is a preliminary event in support of the second democracy summit to be held at the initiative of US President Joe Biden, in which high-ranking politicians, diplomats, representatives of international and non-governmental organizations from more than 30 countries took part. Within the framework of the visit, the first deputy minister of foreign affairs, Lasha Darsalia, met with the deputy minister of foreign affairs of Lithuania, Mantas Adomėnas. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the security challenges facing the region against the background of Russia’s war against Ukraine. The first deputy minister provided his Lithuanian colleague with detailed information on the current situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, as well as along the occupation line and recent alarming developments. Special attention was paid to the gross violations of human rights in the occupied territories and the existing severe humanitarian situation. The sides emphasized the importance of Lithuania’s strong support in today's most difficult geopolitical situation, as well as the need for European partners to keep the issues related to the occupied regions of Georgia high on the agenda. Issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration were also highlighted. In the context of Euro-Atlantic integration, the sides exchanged views on the NATO summit scheduled for 11 and 12 July next year, which will be held in Vilnius. Lasha Darsalia spoke about Georgia’s progress in terms of NATO integration and noted Georgia's expectations regarding the summit. At the end of the meeting, the Lithuanian side once again confirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as its Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News