22 March 2019 22.03.2019, Geneva - The UN Human Rights Council adopted the Resolution on Cooperation with Georgia. The Resolution was presented by the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia, who spoke about the close relations between Georgia and the UNHRC and emphasised the severe human rights situation in occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali (South Ossetia) regions, as well as the alarmingly increasing number of illegal detentions and deprivation of life, the latest case of which is the death of Georgian citizen Irakli Kvaratskhelia in suspicious circumstances in Abkhazia. According to him, despite the Council’s repeated calls, the occupation regime did not grant the UN and other international monitoring organizations an access to Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region. The delegations from Australia, Denmark, Czech Republic and the UK made statements in support for Georgia calling on other members of the Council to support the Resolution initiated by Georgia. In the Resolution adopted on 22 March, In the Resolution the UN Human Rights Council reaffirms its commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. In addition, the UN Human Rights Council recognizes with appreciation the efforts of the Government of Georgia to strengthen democracy, the rule of law and the promotion and protection of human rights. The UN Human Rights Council welcomes the cooperation of the Government of Georgia with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, as well as with the special procedures of the Human Rights Council. The Resolution expresses serious concern over the human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions of Georgia with special emphasis on reported kidnappings, arbitrary detention, interference with property rights, restrictions on access to education in one’s native language, free movement and residence, as well as continued discrimination on the grounds of ethnic origin in both regions. The Resolution highlights the importance of the Geneva International Discussions created under the Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008. Furthermore, the Council expresses concern that internally displaced persons and refugees continue to be deprived of the right to return to their homes in a safe and dignified manner. The document highlights that the Office of the High Commissioner and other international and regional human rights mechanisms have no immediate access to Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region, Georgia. The Council, in this context, recognizes the need for an objective and impartial assessments and periodic reporting of the situation in these regions. Based on the foregoing, the Council calls for immediate access for the Office of the High Commissioner to Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali regions. The UN Human Rights Councilrequests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to present its reports on the human rights situation in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions at the Council’s 41st and 42nd sessions. Documents Similar News