2 May 2019 2.05.2019, Tbilisi - „We agreed with the Azerbaijani side that the Joint Border Demarcation Commission will resume its work in the shortest possible time and certain parts of Davit Gareji Monastery will be accessed without hindrance, as part of the existing practice” – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said commenting on the situation around Davit Gareji Monastery. According to Zalkaliani, acting at the Prime Minister’s instruction, he had an intensive communication with his Azerbaijani colleague and an agreement is now reached that the process of renewing the composition of the delimitation commission will be completed in the days to come and the Joint Border Delimitation Commission will renew its work. “Instructed by the Prime Minister, I continue to be in constant contact with my Azerbaijani colleague. Of course, we are guided by our bilateral relations, since Georgia and Azerbaijan are strategic partners. We approach with great caution this issue due to its extreme sensitivity. We agreed with the Azerbaijani side that the Joint Border Delimitation Commission will meet in the near future. The Commission’s composition needs renewal, and once this renewal is completed the Commission will resume its activities to reach agreement on delimitation-demarcation of the border” – David Zalkaliani said. Besides, according to the Minister, the sides agreed that certain parts of the monastic complex will be accessed without hindrance, in line with the established practice. “Movement throughout the adjacent territory of Davit Gareji will continue, in line with the established practice. I’d like to urge everyone to take into account the sensitivity of this issue and take special care in approaching it. I am confident that this issue will have a positive outcome. We share with the Azerbaijani side the view that based on our strategic partnership and friendly relations, all these issues need to be discussed and a respective decision needs to be adopted” – Zalkaliani said. The Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted that communication proceeded in a constructive atmosphere between Azerbaijan and Georgia and that decisions to be taken on this and other issues will be such as to conform to the spirit of friendship and strategic partnership between the two countries. Documents Similar News