12 September 2023 On 12 September 2023, the 62nd session of the Council of National Coordinators of the member states of the Organization for Democracy and Economic Development - GUAM was held by video-conference format. Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Vladimer Konstantinidi, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia to Ukraine, Permanent Representative of Georgia to GUAM, Giorgi Zakarashvili, and employees of the European Department participated in the meeting from the Georgian side. The meeting was also attended by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, as the chair of the GUAM, Mykola Tochytskyi, the State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of Moldova, Ruslan Bolbocean, the Deputy Director of the Department of Economic Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Rovshan Mirzaev, and the representatives of the GUAM General Secretary Altai Efendiev. At the meeting, the sides discussed current security challenges in the region. Vladimer Konstantinidi informed the participants of the session about the current situation in the occupied regions of Georgia, talked about the security challenges in the occupied territories, the severe humanitarian situation and the facts of human rights violations on the ground. Special note was taken of the ongoing illegal "borderization" and other provocative actions of Russia aimed at the annexation of Georgian territories. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs emphasized Georgia's unwavering support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine and Georgia's solidarity with the Ukrainian people since the outbreak of the war. The sides also discussed current issues on the GUAM agenda - cooperation with partners in political, inter-parliamentary, sectoral cooperation, GUAM+ formats and the events planned within the framework of the Ukrainian presidency until the end of 2023, emphasizing the importance of strengthening cooperation in the areas of transport and connectivity. Special attention was paid to the importance of coordinated interaction between the GUAM member countries within the framework of international organizations. The existing formats of cooperation with partner countries and the perspectives of their expansion were also mentioned. Documents Similar News