11 October 2017 11.10.2017 Tbilisi - ​The first high-level EU–Georgia Strategic Security Dialogue took place on 11 October in Tbilisi. The one-day meeting reflected the commitment of both sides to take forward cooperation in the area of foreign and security policy in line with the EU-Georgia Association Agreement. The meeting confirmed the EU's appreciation for Georgia's important role in strengthening security and stability in the region and beyond. The Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister of Georgia Mikheil Janelidze opened the session and welcomed the launch of the high level Strategic Security Dialogue. The dialogue was co-chaired by Deputy Foreign Minister of Georgia Vakhtang Makharoblishvili and Deputy Secretary-General of the European External Service Jean-Christophe Belliard. Deputy Foreign Minister Vakhtang Makharoblishvili said: “We are happy to host the first meeting of a high-level Strategic Security Dialogue between EU and Georgia. Georgia remains one of the strongest allies of the EU in the region and stands committed to contribute to stability in Europe and beyond. We are committed to contribute to our shared vision of peaceful and united Europe. We truly value EU’s presence in Georgia and its meaningful contribution to security and stability in Georgia. We are confident that this dialogue will bring many openings for our closer cooperation on matters of common interest.” Deputy Secretary-General Belliard said: "The EU values the role of Georgia as an important partner in promoting security. It is in our strategic interest to further strengthen the resilience of Georgian democracy. Working together, we can make a difference not only for our citizens, but also on the wider international scene. Georgia's contribution to EU-led crisis-management operations is a good example. It is our clear priority to further contribute to the peaceful conflict resolution in Georgia. The EU is strongly engaged in this effort and we discussed at length the current state of play.” Further topics discussed at the dialogue included countering radicalization, violent extremism and hybrid threats. The two sides reviewed regional challenges and opportunities as well as ways to reinforce cooperation on energy security and critical infrastructure protection. The meetings of the EU-Georgia high-level Strategic dialogue will be held on a regular basis, at least once a year and will host a set of topical issues of common interest in the field of foreign and security policy, including the CSDP. Documents Similar News