11 July 2023 Participation in the Vilnius NATO Summit is of paramount importance to Georgia. The participation of the Georgian delegation led by the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Vilnius Summit once again indicates the strategic importance of NATO-Georgia cooperation and the irreversibility of Georgia's integration process. Georgia welcomes the political and practical support expressed in the final document of the summit. Georgia attaches essential importance to the commitment of the Member States to continue to work towards the implementation of the decision made at the Bucharest Summit that Georgia will become a member of the Alliance. Georgia welcomes NATO's firm and unequivocal position on the inadmissibility of any attempt to restrict the right of sovereign nations to decide their own foreign and security policy. Taking into account the complicated and difficult security environment, Georgia places particularly high value on the Alliance’s unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as its call on the Russian Federation to withdraw the forces it has stationed in Georgia and to reverse its recognition of the so-called independence of the Georgian regions. Georgia welcomes NATO's recognition of Georgia's significant contribution to ensuring global security and confirms its commitment to continue its active involvement in NATO missions and operations. Georgia highly appreciates the Summit decisions in terms of strengthening Georgia's defence capabilities and interoperability, and expresses its gratitude for the important assistance provided by the Member States within the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package and NATO’s tailored support measures. Georgia welcomes the agreement reached within the framework of the Summit regarding Sweden's accession process, as well as other decisions regarding Ukraine and, as an aspirant country, highly appreciates all the steps taken towards the implementation of NATO’s Open Door Policy. Georgia, in accordance with its constitutional norm, will continue to use effectively the existing integration mechanisms. Documents Similar News