30 March 2022 On 30 March 2022, the Vice Prime Minister / Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani held a meeting with the OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland, Zbigniew Rau at the Palace of State Ceremonies. The sides discussed issues relating to cooperation between Georgia and the OSCE. David Zalkaliani thanked his counterpart for his visit to Georgia as OSCE Chairman-in-Office, serving as yet another demonstration of his support amid the difficult situation in the region. The sides paid special attention to the conflicts within the OSCE, the situation in the occupied regions of Georgia, stressed the importance of maintaining the occupation of the Georgian territories atop the Organization’s agenda, as well as the OSCE's active involvement in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. David Zalkaliani briefed the OSCE Chairman-in-Office on the deteriorating security environment in the occupied regions of Georgia, the ongoing human rights abuses and the dire humanitarian situation on the ground. In this regard, the sides emphasized the need to establish international security mechanisms and the international human rights mechanisms’ unhindered access to the occupied territories. The participants of the meeting also focused on Russia's aggression in Ukraine and, in this context, the difficult security situation in the region. Highlighting the importance of the international partners’ support and strong position, the Ministers reaffirmed their unwavering support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. "Georgia categorically condemns Russia’s ongoing, unprovoked and unjustified aggression against Ukraine, which grossly violates the norms of international law, including international humanitarian law, and undermines international order and the architecture of European security" - David Zalkaliani Said. The sides emphasized Georgia’s political support and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine, including Georgia’s support in bilateral and multilateral formats. The sides also stressed the need for Russia to fulfill its international obligations, including under the 2008 ceasefire agreement. The importance of progress on the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRM) meetings was also noted. Speaking about bilateral relations, the sides focused on all current directions of cooperation between Georgia and Poland in both bilateral and multilateral formats. The ministers stressed the close partnership between the two countries and the prospects for future cooperation. David Zalkaliani thanked Poland for supporting Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and noted the special importance of Poland's support for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. David Zalkaliani shared information with his Polish counterpart on the steps taken by Georgia in the direction of European integration, including the implementation of the obligations under the Association Agreement. Special attention was paid to Georgia's application for EU membership. The initiative of the Prime Minister of Georgia to ensure lasting peace and stability in the South Caucasus was also mentioned. The sides reaffirmed their readiness to continue active cooperation. Documents Similar News