16 January 2019 16.01.2019, Tbilisi – Commenting on the autocephaly of the Ukrainian Church, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani said that Georgia welcomes any step that solidifies the statehood, independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine. “I would like to state clearly that the Georgian Orthodox Church is reviewing this question. Considering the canonical processes, the position regarding this issue should first be determined by the Orthodox Church of Georgia. As for the State, it does not interfere with the Church’s affairs. We welcome any step that solidifies the statehood, independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine. This is not only welcomed in our declarations but also confirmed by our actions” – Zalkaliani said. According to the Minister, Georgia has many times demonstrated its support for Ukraine by way of concrete actions. I would like to state that our support for Ukraine is expressed not only in declarations but also in United Nations formats, where Georgia has initiated many resolutions jointly with Ukraine. Furthermore, Georgia is not only a co-initiator but also a co-sponsor of these resolutions" – Zalkaliani added. The Minister also underlined that representatives of the executive and legislative branches of the government, including the Prime Minister, have already expressed their position with respect to the autocephaly of the Ukrainian Church, which represents the position of the entire government. “I’d like to reaffirm that we welcome and are happy about any step taken by Ukraine forward. Ukraine is the strategic partner of Georgia and the two countries are connected by many important agreements. I want to make a clear point of our position: when the minister expresses the position of the Foreign Ministry – it is an official position” – David Zalkaliani is quoted as saying. Regarding the official congratulation to Kiev, David Zalkaliani said that this issue needs to be decided within the Church and it is unacceptable for the State to interfere into the affairs of the Church. According to the Minister, he had communications with his Ukrainian counterpart over the autocephaly of the Ukrainian church both in international and bilateral formats. Documents Similar News