22 May 2019 The Foreign Affairs Committee of the US House of Representatives approved a bipartisan bill-Georgia’s Support Act, which is a further proof of readiness to bring Georgia-U.S. relations to a qualitatively higher level. The bill was introduced on 16 January 2019 by the co-chairs of the House Georgia Caucus, CongressmenAdam Kinzinger (R-IL)andGerry Connolly (D-VA). The bill is co-sponsored by 23 congressmen from both republican and democratic parties. The legislation asserts the United States of America’s continued support for the independence and sovereignty of Georgia, authorizing sanctions against those responsible for or complicit in human rights violations in these occupied territories. It pays special attention to security and defence co-operation between Georgia and the U.S. and requires the Secretary of State to develop a five-year strategy of co-operation with Georgia. The Act calls on the Trade Representative to make progress toward negotiations with the Government of Georgia to enter a bilateral free trade agreement with Georgia. The document condemns ongoing detentions, kidnappings, and other human rights violations committed in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Regions forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation, including the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli. The Act makes reference to the Georgian Parliament’s bipartisan resolution on the gross violation of human rights in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and on the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili List; The document supports peaceful conflict resolution in Georgia, and supporting the establishment of international security mechanisms in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region and the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees. The document authorizes sanctions against those responsible for or complicit in human rights violationsin the Georgian Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region. According to the document, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act the President, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall transmit to Congress a detailed report with respect to persons that have been determined to have engaged in activities described above. The Resolution also supports Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic and European integration and calls for aiding Georgia in defense. According to the document, the Congress calls on the U.S. Secretary of State to submit a detailed review of all United States security assistance to Georgia, and an assessment of Georgia’s capabilities to defend itself, including a five-year strategy to enhance Georgia’s deterrence, resilience, and self-defense capabilities. The document also highlights the need to enhance cyber security co-operation between Georgia and the U.S. and calls on the the United States to enhance the capabilities of Georgia to combat Russian disinformation and propaganda campaigns. The bill needs to be confirmed by other committees, then voted in the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by President Donald Trump to come into play. Documents Similar News