30 September 2022 The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili received Isabelle Dumont,Diplomatic Advisorto the President of the French Republic oncontinental Europe, and Brice Roquefeuil, France’s Special Envoy for the South Caucasus, Ambassador for Eastern Partnership and Black Sea. Within the framework of the meeting, the sides welcomed the strategic partnership established between the two countries and the busy agenda in both bilateral and multilateral formats. The French President's diplomatic advisor expressed her unconditional support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is further confirmed by her visit to Georgia, amid the security challenges facing the region. The sides discussed the ongoing processes in the region. The French side welcomed Georgia's peace initiative, which aims to promote regional stability. During his meeting with the French diplomats, the Minister discussed the main areas of bilateral relations including the importance of exchanging high-level visits and holding the second round of the Georgian-French strategic dialogue named after Dimitri Amilakhvari. Discussions also focused on the successful sectoral cooperation between the two countries. The Minister expressed his gratitude for France’s financial assistance to Georgia, which contributes to the ongoing democratic reforms and institutional modernization in the country. During the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili spoke in detail about Georgia’s European integration process and its expectations in this regard. The French President's diplomatic advisor pledged her support for Georgia's European aspirations. The sides welcomed the first meeting of the European Political Community scheduled to take place in Prague, on 6 October of this year. Isabelle Dumont emphasized that with this initiative, the French President offered the members of the European family an additional platform for negotiations. The participants of the meeting also highlighted the 30th anniversary of the restoration of diplomatic relations between Georgia and France, which is being celebrated this year. Documents Similar News