8 August 2025 Statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on the 17th Anniversary of Russia’s Military Aggression Against Georgia in August 2008 17 years have passed since Russia’s full-scale military aggression against Georgia in August 2008, which resulted in the occupation of Georgia’s indivisible regions - Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia. After 17 years Russia still refuses to implement the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and withdraw its occupation forces from the territory of Georgia; It continues to take steps aimed at integrating Georgia’s regions into Russia’s political, economic, military and social systems in violation of international norms. Particularly alarming are the numerous illegal actions recently carried out for this purpose. At the same time, Russia impedes the access of international organizations on the ground and the functioning of international security mechanisms and prevents the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees to their homes. Through these actions, Russia is violating fundamental norms of international law, as confirmed by multiple decisions of the International Criminal Court (ICC) and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) between 2021 and 2024. Georgia remains firmly committed to the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict, aiming to ensure the de-occupation, peaceful reunification and development of the country by using diplomatic and legal means, in close cooperation with international partners. The Government of Georgia continues to take steps toward reconciliation and rebuilding trust between communities divided by the occupation line. Georgia maintains constructive engagement in the Geneva International Discussions (GID) aiming primarily to ensure the implementation of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and to address the issues related to the return of internally displaced persons and refugees. Of particular importance is the unconditional resumption of the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism (IPRM) in Gali and the regular, principle-based functioning of the mentioned mechanism in both Gali and Ergneti. Georgia highly appreciates the international community’s steadfast support for its sovereignty and territorial integrity, along with its active engagement in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs calls on the Russian Federation to revoke the illegal decision recognizing the so-called independence of the occupied regions, to respect Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, to fulfill the obligations under the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, to withdraw its forces from Georgia’s territory and to cease obstructing the return of internally displaced persons and refugees to their homes. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs pays tribute to the soldiers and civilians, who heroically lost their lives in the 2008 war. Documents Similar News