28 April 2022 On 28 April 2022, another round of bilateral political consultations was held in Vienna between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs of the Republic of Austria. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia led the Georgian delegation, while the Austrian delegation was chaired by the Political Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Gregor Kössler. During the political consultations, the sides underlined the close friendly and partner relations between Georgia and Austria, which are based on common European values ​​and interests. According to the Austrian side, Austria’s Strategy on Development Cooperation for 2022-2024 will be presented soon in Tbilisi and Georgia still figures as a priority country in this new strategy. The sides paid special attention to Austria’s contribution to the process of socio-economic development of Georgia and the implementation of democratic reforms, as well as active participation in EU twinning projects. According to the Deputy Minister, Austria’s involvement and support takes on particular importance at this historic stage when Georgia filed an application for membership in the European Union. Discussing the prospects for deepening economic cooperation, the sides noted with satisfaction the growing trade figures between the countries. The dynamics of organizing business forums and trade missions was underlined. According to the host party, the next mission of Austrian businessmen will visit Georgia in May of this year. Talks focused on the potential of tourism and energy, as well as of interregional cooperation. The head of the Austrian delegation welcomed Georgia's application for EU membership. The Deputy Minister expressed the hope that Austria will continue to support Georgia's efforts on the path to EU membership. He spoke about the ongoing process of completing the Self-Assessment Questionnaire. The Austrian side was briefed on the progress in implementing the Association Agreement, including in terms of institutional and legal rapprochement with the EU. The sides focused on the difficult security situation in Europe as a result of Russia's large-scale aggression against Ukraine. The sides stressed that the ongoing war in Ukraine extends beyond the region and poses a threat to overall European security. In this context, the Georgian side highlighted the threats and challenges facing Georgia and briefed the Austrian side on the security and human rights situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and the steps towards de facto annexation. Teimuraz Janjalia expressed his gratitude for Austria’s participation in the EU Monitoring Mission. The head of the Austrian delegation reaffirmed his unconditional support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The sides agreed to continue close cooperation and regular communication in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Documents Similar News