18 May 2019 18.05.2019, Helsinki – “2019 marks the 70th anniversary of the Council of Europe. This unique system equals small states to large ones, giving the same opportunity to the citizens of Europe that their fundamental rights would be protected.Current year is outstanding for my country as well - 20 years ago Georgia joined the Council of Europe, thus choosing thepath towards progress and proving that nothing can stand against the will for the democratic development” – Georgian Foreign Minister Zalkaliani said when addressing the participants of the 129th meeting of the Council of Europe Committee of Ministers. According to him, throughout the past two decades Georgia has managed the dramatic transformation, and today we are a country on the rise. However, despite progress and democratic development, Georgia continues to face existential challenges. As the Minister noted, the Russian Federation still continues the occupation of two Georgian regions and maintains its illegal military presence on the ground in gross violation of fundamental principles and norms of international law. Humanitarian conditions of the conflict-affected people are aggravated day by day in occupied regions of Georgia. The fundamental human rights of innocent civilians, including women, children and elderly are violated. The right to life and liberty lost any value and the rising sense of impunity is widespread. In this context the Minister recalled the Georgian citizens brutally killed in the occupied territories: “At the last Ministerial, Georgia raised the issue of the brutal murders of a Georgian IDPs Archil Tatunashvili, Davit Basharuli and Giga Otkhozoria. This tragic list is not over! I have to remind you the recent case of death of illegally detained Georgian citizen – Irakli Kvaratskhelia, under uncertain circumstances, at the Russian military base illegally stationed in Abkhazia region”. As Zalkaliani emphasized, considering the complex nature of challenges, consolidated efforts based upon international cooperation are increasingly important. In this regard, the role of the Council of Europe in keeping focus over the issues related to the occupied regions of Georgia is vital. Zalkaliani thanked the Council of Europe for backing Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili List and underlined the utmost importance of the Decision on the conflict in Georgia adopted by the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies few days ago. He also thanked the Secretary General for his regular consolidated reports on the conflict in Georgia. “We, the Member States should all line up against the grave human rights violations to ensure that the deliberate disregard for the rule of law will never be tolerated” – he said expressing hope that the Council of Europe and other international organizations will intensify efforts to ensure the access of the international monitoring bodies, including relevant Council of Europe mechanisms to the occupied regions. “Full and unconditional compliance with the undertaken obligations must stand out as one of the main priorities for the International Community” – Zalkaliani said calling upon the Russian Federation to stop and reverse this illegal process, implement the Ceasefire Agreement and withdraw its military forces from the Georgian occupied regions. Highlighting the importance of the joint position and efforts of the CoE Member States. Zalkaliani stressed Georgia’s firm position in favour of the PACE’s system of sanctions as an effective safeguard against abuses and violations by member states. Hence, Georgia, in common with Ukraine and the Baltic States voted against the decision of the Committee of Ministers. “Standing at this critical crossroad, it is particularly important to take joint efforts and be united as ever. No member state should be allowed to lower the agreed standards or downgrade our common values! When the principles and values are at stake, any steps towards concession would weaken this organization and contribute to the creation of double standards. We should safeguard the principles and values, upon which the Council of Europe was established 70 years ago” - Zalkaliani said. According to him Georgia is strongly committed to the values and principles of the organization. Documents Similar News