14 September 2022 The Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Romania held bilateral political consultations on 14 September 2022, in Tbilisi. From the Georgian side, the consultations were led by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia, and from the Romanian side – by the State Secretary, Iulian Fota. The sides emphasized the traditionally friendly relations between the two countries. Teimuraz Janjalia expressed his gratitude for Romania's unwavering support for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as for its territorial integrity and sovereignty. The sides noted Romania's exceptional contribution to the EU Monitoring Mission, as well as its political and practical support to the process of implementing the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package. Special attention was focused on the priority importance of signing the joint declaration on Georgia -Romania strategic partnership, which will raise the existing cooperation between the two countries to an even higher level. While discussing the agenda of bilateral relations, the sides highlighted the ongoing political dialogue and successful sectoral cooperation between the two countries. Emphasis was placed on active trade and economic relations and the need to fully utilize the transport and energy potential of the Black Sea. It was noted that strengthening mutually beneficial cooperation in the context of connectivity is a common strategic priority of the two countries. Special attention was focused on the restoration of ferry traffic between the ports of Georgia and Romania and the implementation of joint projects, which is important both in terms of deepening bilateral relations and promoting direct traffic with the European Union. The sides discussed in detail the issues relating to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Highlighting the importance of granting Georgia a European perspective, the Romanian colleagues were provided with information on the steps taken by Georgia towards the implementation of the European Commission’s recommendations. Emphasizing the need for the European Union to adopt a unified approach towards the associated countries, the sides expressed the hope that Georgia will receive a candidate status in the near future. Discussions focused on the priority importance of Georgia's integration into NATO, against the background of the existing geopolitical challenges. The sides positively evaluated the results of the NATO Madrid summit and the tangible progress achieved by aspirant Georgia in this regard. Documents Similar News