19 November 2021 "We have been actively working on the Eastern Partnership summit scheduled for 15 December. Several meetings and events were held, both within the EU structures and with the member states, to reflect the issues and expectations important for Georgia in the summit declaration. Of great importance, in this regard, was the participation in the Eastern Partnership Ministerial Meeting on 15 November where EaP Member were once again given an opportunity to discuss at high level the strategic importance of this format. During the ministerial meeting we were able to reiterate the important messages that should be reflected in the text of the summit declaration" - the Vice Prime Minister said during the Minister’s Hour. According to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, despite the situation created by the pandemic, Georgia took several important steps on the path of European integration over the past year. In this regard, special mention was made of the sixth meeting of the EU-Georgia Association Council held in Brussels, during which the EU positively assessed the steps taken by Georgia in various directions over the past year. According to David Zalkaliani, active work was underway in 2021, to deepen cooperation with the EU in the format of a trio of associated countries, which resulted in the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the three associated countries - Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova. The Minister also noted the importance of the meeting of the Association Trio and the President of the European Council in 2021, within the framework of the Batumi International Conference, during which the leaders of the "Associated Trio" signed a joint declaration. It should also be noted that in the electronic system for planning and monitoring the implementation of the Georgia-EU Association Agreement, the 2021 National Action Plan for Georgia's EU Integration and the relevant report on the implementation of the Action Plan have been developed. In his speech, David Zalkaliani also spoke about the importance of the EU economic and investment plan and the prospects for the implementation of 5 flagship projects for Georgia. The Foreign Minister also focused on the active dynamics of high-level visits between Georgia and the European Union, including the visit of the President of Georgia to Brussels, as well as the visit of the President of the European Council, Charles Michel to Georgia. Speaking about future plans for European integration, the Georgian Foreign Minister noted that one of the main goals of Georgia's foreign policy is to apply for EU membership in 2024 and to obtain candidate status by 2030. According to David Zalkaliani, active efforts will also be made to consolidate Georgia as a key EU partner in the region, as well as to transform the Eastern Partnership initiative, which involves increasing the focus on the priorities of the participating countries based on the principle of differentiation. Documents Similar News