30 June 2017 30.06.2017 Tbilisi - On July 1st 2017 the Kingdom of Denmark and Georgia celebrate the 25th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. In the course of the past 25 years the two European nations have developed a very close partnership both on bilateral and multilateral levels. Sharing the same fundamental values, the Kingdom of Denmark remains a firm supporter of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Since regaining its independence, Georgia has embarked on a remarkable and successful journey to consolidate its democracy and implement comprehensive reforms, and has become one of EU’s closest eastern partner countries. In this regard, Georgia highly values the assistance provided by Denmark throughout these years, including the recent decision of the Danish Government to step up cooperation with Georgia within the framework of the Danish Neighborhood Program 2017 – 2021, which focusses on the most important issues for both countries, such as promoting human rights and democracy and strengthening sustainable and inclusive economic growth. As associated partner of the European Union, Georgia strives to achieve closest possible integration with the Union, its agencies and programs, while extensively adopting best established practices of its member states and candidate countries. In this regard Denmark serves as one of the best examples for Georgia’s continuous approximation with the European Union. Georgia, with the Danish assistance, aims at achieving a greater level of democracy, rule of law, protection of human rights, gender equality and social welfare. At the same time, the full scale implementation of the Association Agreement with the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA) opens up ample opportunities for Georgia and the EU alike. The recent decision of the European Council to abolish visa requirements for the Georgian citizens is a demonstration of Georgia’s substantial progress and determination. Denmark fully supports the decisions from the NATO Warsaw Summit regarding Georgian membership of the Alliance, and also applauds Georgia’s active participation in Allied operations. In a similar manner, Georgia supports and welcomes NATO’s enhanced tailored presence in the Black Sea region and is ready to contribute to efforts of the Alliance in this regard. The Kingdom of Denmark remains a firm supporter of Georgia’s territorial integrity and Georgia’s internationally recognised borders. Denmark continues to support Georgia’s peaceful conflict resolution policy, calls on all involved parties to uphold international law and stresses the importance of achieving progress within the Geneva International Discussions. Georgia highly appreciates the contribution by Denmark to the EU Monitoring Mission in Georgia. The sides underline the necessity of EUMM’s unimpeded access to Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions of Georgia in order to effectively provide security and stability on the ground. Georgia and the Kingdom of Denmark will continue to strengthen economic relations and pay particular attention to established and developing economic sectors in both countries, such as agriculture, renewable and alternative energy, sustainable forestry and green economy. The last 25 years have laid solid foundation of bilateral relations between Georgia and the Kingdom of Denmark. Georgia and the Kingdom of Denmark will continue working closely in order to ensure rule of law, democracy, economic growth and stability on the European continent. Documents Similar News