13 February 2023 “The Foreign Secretary reaffirmed the UK’s full commitment to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic membership goals” - reads the joint communique of the eighth round of the Georgia-UK Wardrop Strategic Dialogue, published on 10 February 2023. According to the document, the UK welcomes the European Council decision of June 2023 recognising the European perspective of Georgia. “The UK side welcomed the Georgian government’s commitment to reforms aimed at strengthening democratic institutions and market economy enabling state resilience and economic growth and noted the progress that had been recorded to this end. Both sides underscored the importance of fully exploiting the potential of the EU-Georgia Association Agreement, including the DCFTA towards achieving gradual integration into the EU through broader convergence with the EU policies and standards. The sides held an exchange on measures taken by Georgia to address the priorities outlined in the European Commission Opinion on Georgia’s EU membership. The Foreign Secretary reaffirmed the UK’s full commitment to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic membership goals”. The Foreign Secretary highlighted the UK’s unwavering support towards Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders, the non-recognition policy and the peaceful conflict resolution efforts pursued by the Government of Georgia. “The Foreign Secretary welcomed Georgia’s adherence to the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement between Russia and Georgia and constructive stance in the Geneva International Discussions (GID) as well as Georgian Government’s reconciliation and engagement policy with the people living in Georgia’s regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, including its peace initiative “A Step to a Better Future” launched in April 2018.” According to the document, the UK reiterated its commitment to the NATO Tailored Support Package for Georgia and confirmed its support for the NATO 2022 Strategic Concept, which reaffirmed the Allied decision made at the 2008 Bucharest Summit, that Georgia will become a member of NATO being reconfirmed at subsequent NATO summits and ministers’ meetings, as well as all other decisions made in recent years on Georgia. The UK acknowledged Georgia’s ability being a strong and valuable security provider ensuring the strengthened international security environment. The UK highlighted becoming, alongside Romania, the NATO Contact Point Embassy in Georgia, increasing direct collaboration during heightened NATO response. The discussions focused on the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and its implications. The UK side welcomed Georgian support to Ukraine through the UN, OSCE and CoE, humanitarian support to Ukraine and Ukrainian refugees in Georgia, alongside support for Georgia’s own internally displaced people. The discussions underlined the importance of the UK staying engaged in the Black Sea region through continued support for political stability and democratic transformation and to combat Russian aggression in all security domains. The sides stressed the importance of bolstering economic and trade ties, particularly in light of the impacts of the war in Ukraine and as global trade and investment recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic through utilizing FTA benefits. The UK reaffirmed its commitment to supporting Georgia’s economic development. It was pleased to maintain support for open dialogue between the Government of Georgia and the business community through the Investors’ Council. The Georgian side has further highlighted the opportunity for the country as a digital transit corridor to connect Europe-Asia via shortest route through Georgia and as an attractive location for development of regional data centres. The UK welcomed Georgia’s efforts and pledged its support for the realisation of the projects. The eighth round of the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue was held in London, on 26 January 2023, HE Secretary of State for Foreign Commonwealth and Development Affairs James Cleverly MP and HE the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, led the Dialogue. Documents Similar News