24 January 2019 24.012019, Switzerland – Commenting on the risks of suspension of visa-free travel for Georgian citizens, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said that there is no risk that may lead to the suspension of the visa-free regime. Moreover, according to the Minister, the country fully complies with its obligations before the European Commission. “During the Georgian President’s visit to Brussels, the President of the European Commission made very clear statements and there are also clear-cut messages from the side of our partners that Georgia faces no threat of visa-free regime suspension. The European Commission’s latest report of December 2018 contains no indication whatsoever that any suspension may be put in place for Georgia. Moreover, the report says that Georgia is fully in line with all instructions issued to it by the European Commission and the European Union” – the Minister said. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia gives due regard to the concerns of the European partners, and the executive and legislative authorities of Georgia make all efforts to prevent the illegal flow of asylum seekers to the EU Member States. “We use all resources available, including the communication strategy to explain to our citizens that none of the claim for asylum will be granted given the fact that Georgia has already been included in the list of safe countries by many countries of the EU. The Ministry of Internal Affairs also takes serious steps in planning actions, jointly with our European partners, against organized crime. Most importantly, the Government of Georgia together with the Parliament works on a number of legislative initiatives to stop the illegal outflow who try to abuse what is the important achievement to us”. According to David Zalkalini, the Government of Georgia puts a high value on the visa liberalization agreement, which is not only a technical decision of the European Union but also a very important political message bringing Georgia closer to Europe. Documents Similar News