15 May 2023 „Over the recent months, Georgia has attracted high interest from our Western partners, as evidenced by the number of visits to our country. This fact takes on a particularly meaningful focus considering the challenges facing the region. This visit too is a clear indication that the current trend is going to continue and is an expression of Denmark's support for our country” - the Georgian Foreign Minister, Ilia Darchiashvili said following his meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark, Lars Løkke Rasmussen. According to Darchiashvili, bilateral relations between the two countries have now reached the highest point, which is evidenced by Denmark’s political decision to open an embassy in Georgia; These steps once again highlight Georgia’s strategic role in the region; According to the Foreign Minister, the presence of the embassy will further increase Denmark's involvement in the region and take the bilateral cooperation to a qualitatively newer level. According to the Minister, the sides discussed Georgia’s EU integration process. Ilia Darchiashvili briefed his Danish colleague on the progress in terms of fulfilling the European Commission’s 12 priorities. He noted that Denmark will stand by Georgia and our country will successfully pass all stages of accession. “At today's meeting, I acquainted my Danish colleague with the extensive work our government has carried out to fulfill 12 priorities. Nearly 80 percent of this work has already been done. Georgia remains committed to the European choice, to which further attests the government’s consistent work to make this choice a reality and the unwavering support of the vast majority of the population for it. We are fully aware that the EU membership process is not an easy one and there can be no shortcut for Georgia on its path to EU membership. However, I do believe that by the end of the year, the EU will deliver a fair and merit-based decision on granting Georgia a candidate status” – Ilia Darchiashvili said. Within the framework of the meeting, the foreign ministers of Georgia and Denmark discussed in detail the security challenges facing the region and the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The Danish Minister has once again confirmed his strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili and Lars Løkke Rasmussen also focused on the existing opportunities in terms of economic cooperation; welcomed the re-establishment of direct flights, which will boost tourism and will enhance relations between the busines communities and will intensify people-to-people contacts. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, the long-term cooperation in energy is at the forefront of our relationship. The arrival of the Danish business delegation focused on energy within the scope of the Minister's visit to our country is a further proof of this. Within the framework of his visit to Georgia, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark will meet with the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Gharibashvili. Documents Similar News