8 November 2018 The Senate of Ireland unanimously adopted the Resolution/Motion on support for the territorial integrity of Georgia and its integration into the European Union, on 7 November 2018. According to the resolution, Ireland reconfirms its support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integration and for its European integration. The Resolution takes on particular importance in terms of its content, strong wording and clearly demonstrated support. The Resolution reaffirms Ireland’s unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The Resolution emphasizes the necessity of full implementation of the EU mediated Ceasefire Agreement by Russia, of12 August, 2008 and expresses concern that 10 years after the Russia-Georgia war the occupation of Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia by the Russian Federation still continues and the security, human rights and humanitarian situation on the ground further deteriorates. According to the document, the Senate reaffirms Ireland’s strong support to the important format of the Geneva International Discussions, welcomes the adoption of the Tatunashvili-Otkhozoria Sanctions List by the Government of Georgia and calls upon the Irish Government to impose the restrictive measures on the individuals included in the List. The Senate welcomes the policy of the Government of Georgia towards the peaceful conflict resolution and supports Georgia’s new peace initiative “A Step to a Better Future” aimed at improving the humanitarian and socio-economic conditions of people residing in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia. A separate paragraph in the Resolution is devoted to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. The Senate, in particular, welcomes Georgia’s substantial progress on its EU integration path, including successful implementation of the Association Agreement, and notes that the abolishment of the visa requirements for the Georgian citizens stands out as an important milestone achieved on the EU-Georgia cooperation agenda. The Senate welcomes close co-operation between Ireland and Georgia and recommends that the two countries should continue close cooperation with the aim to further deepen Georgian-Irish partnership, both in bilateral and multilateral formats. The adoption of the Resolution/Motion on support for the territorial integrity of Georgia and its integration into the European Union“ by the Senate of Ireland is an exceedingly important development in the relations of the two countries. Senate of Ireland -Motion on support for the territorial integrity of Georgia and its integration into the European Union Documents Similar News