12 November 2025 On 12 November 2025, a festive event marking Diplomat’s Day took place at the Palace of State Ceremonies. The event was opened by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili. The President of Georgia, Mikheil Kavelashvili, the Prime Minister, Irakli Kobakhidze, and the Chairperson of Parliament, Shalva Papuashvili, also addressed the audience and extended their congratulations on the occasion of Diplomat’s Day. In her remarks, Maka Botchorishvili congratulated Georgian diplomats on their professional holiday and expressed gratitude for their service to the nation and their contribution to safeguarding the country’s interests. “Today, the resilience, dedication and professionalism of diplomats are of immense value in advancing and safeguarding the interests, values and dignity of our country. I would like to express my gratitude to each and every Georgian diplomat who, despite numerous challenges, contributes invaluable efforts through hard work, dedication, and resilience to the cause of our country’s peace, stability and development”. As part of the event, a ceremonial presentation of the Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani Diplomatic Award was held. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, presented the ministerial award to Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lasha Darsalia; Director of the Department of Security Policy, International Organizations and Euro-Atlantic Integration, Archil Karaulashvili; and Georgia’s Permanent Representative to the United Nations, David Bakradze. They were recognized for their outstanding achievements in diplomacy, their steadfast and consistent efforts to advance Georgia’s interests on the international stage, and their significant contribution to maintaining the issue of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity high on the international agenda. For the first time this year, the Minister of Foreign Affairs presented the Akaki Chkhenkeli Ministerial Award to diplomats in recognition of their outstanding contributions to the diplomatic service. The award was conferred upon: Ministerial Adviser Nino Baratashvili; Director of the Directorate of International Legal, Consular, and Diaspora Affairs, Giorgi Tabatadze; Director of the Directorate of Diplomatic Protocol, Zurab Darchiashvili; Head of the Americas Department, Marika Laliashvili; Head of the Department of Neighboring Countries, Diana Malazonia; and Georgia’s Consul General in Istanbul, Alexandre Jishkarian. The event was attended by representatives of Georgia’s executive and legislative branches of government, the Tbilisi City Hall, and the Patriarchate of Georgia, as well as members of the accredited diplomatic corps in Georgia and officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Diplomat’s Day has been celebrated since 2004 and is associated with the birthday of the Georgian writer, public figure and diplomat Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani. Documents Similar News