27 May 2022 The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ilia Darchiashvili spoke about the procedural issues of completing the EU Membership Questionnaire and the efforts made by various agencies, including by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. According to the Minister, Georgia had just one month – much less time than the Balkan countries to complete the questionnaire, which was an additional challenge. However, Georgia coped with the task effectively and managed to mobilize the necessary resources within a very short time. "This was a very well-planned and coordinated process, which was led by the Prime Minister, and involved almost all ministries and government agencies," the Minister said. Ilia Darchiashvili added that the EU Integration Commission chaired by the Prime Minister held weekly meetings, during which the Prime Minister was briefed on the current process. Inter-agency meetings were also held at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, at the level of deputy ministers and heads of departments. He said that practically all employees of the agencies worked on the document around-the-clock to ensure that the document is well-prepared and gives comprehensive answers to all the questions. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked for high professionalism and hard work all the agencies involved in completing the questionnaire, and especially the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinating the entire process. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, the Georgian diplomats and Georgian diplomatic missions abroad have a special role to play in supporting Georgia's EU integration process and forming the EU Member States’ positive approach to Georgia's EU integration. As the Minister emphasized, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs maintains active communication with the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the EU Member States, with the EU embassies accredited to Tbilisi and the EU delegation; Georgian embassies work intensively with the EU institutions, legislative and executive bodies of EU Member States and research centers to secure their support for Georgia. According to Darchiashvili, Georgia is waiting for the EU Council’s decision at the meeting scheduled for the end of June. "It will be a political decision that requires consent of all the EU Member States. "We hope that Georgia's progress will be duly recognized," the Minister said. Documents Similar News