1 September 2017 1.09.2017, Tbilisi – The Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze commented on the third anniversary of the start of provisional application of the Association Agreement. The Minister spoke about the important reforms that have been implemented over the past three years towards the strengthening of democratic institutions and European standards. According to Mikheil Janelidze, the Association Agreement is a comprehensive document envisaging implementing fundamental reforms in the country. The Vice Premier paid special attention to the reforms which are aimed at bringing the sectoral policy of the country into line with European standards. The Minister identified the Free Trade Agreement as one of the main areas of the Association Agreement. “Following 1 September 2014, this agreement contributed to a maximum extent to the growth of trade with the EU. Our export grows not only in volume, a list of Georgian goods going to the EU market also became diversified. The EU became number one trade partner of Georgia” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The Minister also highlighted the growth of EU investments in Georgia and Georgia’s close relations with the EU financial institutions, including with the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the European Investment Bank carrying out large financial and investment projects in Georgia. “It is very important that Georgia joined the EU-funded Horizon 2020 programme focused on the development of innovations, and research institutions in Georgia, as wel as ERASMUS+ Programme envisaging the development of the education system in Georgia and incorporation of European standards into this system, as well as exchange programmes for researchers and students. Georgia benefits most effectively from this programme” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The Minister also noted Georgia’s raaprochement and integration with such organizations as Europol, Eurojust and the European Energy Community. “All steps taken over these three years make Georgia a European state bringing it closer to the ultimate goal of full-scale membership of the European family. Granting Georgia visa-free travel is one of the most tangible deliverables our people are already benefiting from, make cultural links and people-to-people contacts stronger and more effective” – the Minister said. Documents Similar News