15 October 2018 15.10.2018, Luxembourg - The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani participated in the Eastern Partnership Ministerial Meeting held in Luxembourg, on 15 October. Within the framework of the Ministerial Meeting, discussions focused on the Eastern Partnership, the progress made by the countries involved in the Initiative, future prospects of the Eastern Partnership, and challenges facing the region. Special mention was made of the progress in the implementation of the EU’s Association Agreement with Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova, the launch of visa-free travel with the EU, Free Trade Agreement and the ways to deepen trade relations with the EU. It was highlighted that 2019 marks the 10th anniversary of Eastern Partnership format. Speaking before the Ministerial Meeting, David Zalkaliani paid special attention to the importance of the Eastern Partnership format and visions regarding its future development. Highlighting Georgia’s tangible results within the margins of the format, the Minister welcomed the efforts for effective implementation of the EU’s initiative “20 Deliverables for 2020”. According to him, these goals are fully in line with the Georgian Government’s programme and the action plan of the new cabinet of ministers. “Georgia has tangible results in terms of the Association Agreement, the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement, visa-free movement. It was highlighted that Georgia is the leader but we deserve even more. As far as you know More for More Principle is strongly advocated within the EU, therefore, a differentiated approach to the Eastern Partnership countries is essential for the further development of this format” – David Zalkaliani told journalists. While on the theme of Georgia’s European integration goals, the Georgian Foreign Minister emphasized the eventual goal of Georgia being full-scale membership of the EU. According to him, the government spares no effort to take steps beyond the available instruments towards deepening the process of integration, and its new initiative – EU Integration Roadmap serves this very goal. “Georgia has a very ambitious plan. Our eventual goal is full membership and we need to take more effective steps to attain this goal. I spoke to partners on the roadmap and the principles on which it is based. Greater level of involvement from their part is needed” – Zalkaliani said. Highlighting the importance of celebrating the anniversary of the Eastern Partnership, the Minister said that the traditional international conference in Batumi will be dedicated to marking this anniversary date. Within the framework of the Ministerial Meeting, special attention was paid to the security challenges in the region. Condemning Russia’s occupation of the Georgian territories, participants of the Ministerial Meeting reaffirmed their support for Georgia’s peace policy. During meetings in various formats, David Zalkaliani placed special value on the EU’s role in maintaining peace on the ground and ensuring peaceful resolution of the conflict. The meeting of the Foreign Ministers of the Eastern Partnership countries was conducted in Luxembourg, on 15 October 2018. The meeting was attended by the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini and and Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Johannes Hahn, as well as by representatives of the EU Member States and the Eastern Partnership countries. Documents Similar News