26 January 2023 Within the framework of his visit to the United Kingdom, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, met with the UK Secretary of State for Foreign Commonwealth and Development Affairs, James Cleverly. The sides welcomed the visit of the Georgian Foreign Minister to the United Kingdom within the eighth round of the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue and noted the importance of the Wardrop format in the further development of strategic cooperation between the two countries. At the bilateral meeting, the ministers confirmed their support for strategic partnership and intensive bilateral and multilateral cooperation and welcomed the agreement on strategic cooperation between Georgia and the United Kingdom, which provides a good opportunity to further strengthen the partnership. Discussions focused on the current issues of bilateral relations. Special attention was paid to the United Kingdom’s strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is expressed in the relevant statements and documents at both executive and legislative levels. The minister informed his colleague about the situation in the occupied regions. The ministers expressed their readiness to actively work on mutual exchange of high-level visits, which will contribute to the further deepening of close and practical cooperation between the two countries. Special attention was paid to the trade and economic partnership, taking into account Georgia’s growing transit and economic role and the UK business communities’ interest in making investments in Georgia. The minister informed his colleague about all the important regional and international projects that increase the role of Georgia in ensuring energy security. Discussions also focused on the current situation and the security environment in the region. Speaking about Russia's military aggression against Ukraine, he once again expressed Georgia's full support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The political and humanitarian support provided by Georgia was also noted. Special mention was made of the UK’s important contribution to building Georgia’s state institutions. The ministers also welcomed the signing of readmission and air traffic agreements between the two countries within the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue. Documents Similar News