26 April 2018 25.04.2018, Brussels – Brussels has hosted the eleventh round of EU-Georgia annual Human Rights Dialogue in Brussels. The Georgian delegation was led by Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, while the EU delegation was headed by Dirk Schuebel, Head of Division for Eastern Partnership bilateral relations in the European External Action Service. The meeting was attended by representatives of the executive and legislative branches of the government, the Central Election Commission and the Public Defender’s Office of Georgia. The sides discussed the measures for the protection of human rights that have been taken during the period following the meeting of 16 May 2017. The European Union positively appraised Georgia’s progress in a number of areas, including towards the strengthening of national human rights monitoring mechanisms, approval of the new human rights action plan, anti-discrimination policy and protection of human rights, ensuring gender equality, children’s rights, prevention of violence, torture and inhuman treatment. The importance of continuing these and other efforts was also highlighted. Special attention was paid to the human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. It was emphasized that the brutal murder of the Georgian citizen Archil Tatunashvili in the occupied Tskhinvali region points to the difficult human rights situation, as well as to the need of creating effective international mechanisms and human rights monitoring system on the ground. In this light, the sides highlighted the need of constructive engagement and progress on the issues of the agenda of the Geneva International Discussions. The sides reaffirmed their readiness to continue co-operation in the area of human rights protection in the bilateral and multilateral formats At the end of the meeting, the sides adopted a joint statement. https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage/43514/eu-and-georgia-hold-11th-annual-human-rights-dialogue_en https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquarters-homepage/43514/eu-and-georgia-hold-11th-annual-human-rights-dialogue_en Documents Similar News