22 June 2017 The 40th round of the Geneva International Discussions was held on20-21 June 2017. The participants of the Geneva Discussions took part, in their individual capacity, in the two Working Groups, the first focusing on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, and the second - on the humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as the issue of safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions were co-chaired by the representatives of the EU, UN and OSCE, and attended by the participants from Georgia, the Russian Federation and the United States. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes took part in the discussions. Prior to the round information session was held on the best practices of free movement and interaction across the administrative boundary lines and the successful example of Cyprus was discussed in this regard. The invited expert introduced to the participants how the unimpeded movement and communication between the divided societies is ensured in Cyprus. The expert also briefed them about pragmatic cooperation between the northern and southern parts of the island in different spheres, including education, economy, cultural heritage and humanitarian issues. Within the both Working Groups of the 40th round the Georgian participants extensively discussed the security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. The representatives of Georgia once again emphasized the results of Russia’s annexation policy, which are reflected in gradual integration of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions in Russia’s military, political, economic and humanitarian spheres. In this regard, the issue of so-called referendum in Tskhinvali region as well as the signature of so-called agreement on incorporation of local military units into the armed forces of the Russian Federation were raised. The participants from Georgia emphasized, that violation of the Ceasefire Agreement by the Russian Federation is taking place on a daily basis. Namely, instead of fulfillment of undertaken commitment to withdraw the military forces from Georgia, the Russian Federation is further increasing its military presence in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Military exercises are held regularly in the occupied territories, which is a clear sign of use of force and threat by use of force. Against this background the representatives of Georgia underscored the importance of confirmation of non-use of force pledge by the Russian Federation and underlined the necessity of establishment of international security arrangements in the occupied regions. Substantial discussions were held on the abovementioned issues. As a result, the participants agreed to continue work with the aim to adopt the joint statement. Grave consequences of closure of the so-called crossing points, installation of barbed and razor wire fences and restriction of freedom of movement across the occupation line was the subject of intensive discussions. The participants from Georgia pointed out that at the Ergneti IPRM meetings the representatives of the Russian occupation regime in Tskhinvali announce in advance their intentions to continue installation of additional artificial barriers in the Villages of Avlevi, Orchosani and Tsitelubani. The participants from Georgia called upon the Co-Chairs, representatives from the USA and international organizations to take preventive measures in this regard. They also stressed the detrimental practice of illegal detentions and kidnappings and urged the participants to find pragmatic ways for ensuring fundamental right of freedom of movement as it is in the case of Cyprus. Necessity of getting education in native language in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions was also underlined. The participants from Georgia denounced intentions of Russia’s occupation regime in Tskhinvali to restrict education in mother tongue in the schools of Akhalgori, like it is in the Gali district. It was emphasized that such actions will have negative impact on the education quality of children. The Georgian participants asked the Co-Chairs, representatives of the USA and international organizations to take vigorous measures in order to prevent development of such kind of scenario. Particular emphasis was placed on the necessity of bringing the murderer of Giga Otkhozoria to justice. The Co-Chairs, Co-Moderators and representatives from the USA expressed their clear position on this matter. In response to the Georgian participants’ constructive cooperation within the frameworks of Geneva Talks and Gali Incidence Prevention and Response Mechanism, the irresponsible position of Russia’s occupation regime concerning the murderer – Rashid Kanji Ogli –further aggravates the sense of impunity in occupied Abkhazia region and encourages violence on the basis of ethnicity. The participants also talked about the joint efforts conducted towards tackling environmental challenges, as an example of pragmatic and successful cooperation. They also discussed the grave condition of the monuments of cultural heritage in the occupied territories and discussed the possible joint efforts to save them. The Co-Chairs, Co-Moderators and the participants highlighted the importance of substantial talks on the issue of return of internally displaced persons and refugees within the Geneva International Discussions. However, during this discussion the representatives of the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes left the negotiation. Such irresponsible approach once again vividly demonstrates Moscow’s attitude towards mandate of the Geneva Discussions and the peace processes. The next round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 10-11 October 2017. Documents Similar News