18 February 2022 On 17 February 2022, another round of bilateral political consultations was held in Brussels between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Belgian Federal Public Service Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation. The Georgian delegation was led by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia, while the Belgian delegation was led by the Director General of Bilateral Relations and the Heads of the Department of Security and Defense Policy Luke Libot and Vincent Viain. Political and economic developments in Georgia and Belgium, bilateral and multilateral cooperation, relations with the EU and NATO, and regional and global security were issues on the agenda of the Georgia-Belgium political consultations. Discussions also focused on the 30th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries due to be celebrated in 2022. Teimuraz Janjalia spoke in detail about the process of democratic reforms in Georgia and the main directions of the country's economic policy. He thanked the Belgian side for its many years of involvement in human rights reforms in Georgia. The need to exchange high-level visits in order to further intensify the political dialogue between the two countries was also noted. At the same time, the sides expressed their readiness to contribute to organizing trade missions and business delegations, which will further stimulate the development of trade and economic potential. The sides underlined the importance of restoring direct air traffic between the two countries. It was noted with special satisfaction that Georgia will host the Belgian cultural festival "Europe" from October 2023 to March 2024. The sides agreed that participation in this important cultural event in Europe is an excellent opportunity for Georgia to promote the country's culture and strengthen the image of Georgia as a member of the European family. During the consultations, they talked about the irreversible process of Georgia's integration into the European Union. Janjalia briefed the Belgian side on the progress made by Georgia on implementing the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement. Discussions focused on the results of the Eastern Partnership Summit in December 2021 and on the adopted political declaration, which includes a new partnership agenda, including an ambitious economic and investment plan. The sides described the Association Trio as a step by Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova towards greater integration with the European Union. Enhancing Black Sea connectivity was singled out as one of the flagship initiatives under this plan, as it will help maximize the benefits of the deep and comprehensive free trade area. Discussing the current dynamics and mechanisms of NATO-Georgia cooperation, the sides noted Georgia’s significant role in the emergency evacuation from Afghanistan. Black Sea security and the importance of deepening NATO-Georgia cooperation was also at the centre of discussions during the meeting. The Georgian side emphasized the unacceptability of Russia’s messages on Georgia’s and Ukraine’s Euro-Atlantic integration in its Security Guarantees Document. The head of the Belgian delegation reaffirmed Belgium's support for NATO's open door policy and, in general, for the rules-based international system, including for the sovereign right of each country to choose for itself the alliances it wants to join. During the consultations, the Deputy Foreign Minister paid close attention to the security and human rights situation in the Russian-occupied territories of Georgia. He shared the Belgian side 's special concern over the intensified process of de facto annexation and the politicization of humanitarian issues by Russia. Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the Belgian side on the situation in the occupied territories, the Geneva talks and the government's peace policy. He drew special attention to gross human rights violations in the occupied territories, the process of "borderization", illegal detentions and kidnappings of Georgian citizens, the closure of so-called crossing points and restriction of free movement. The sides highlighted the judgement of 21 January 2021 of the European Court of Human Rights legally confirming the occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation and holding Russia liable for human rights violations on the ground. The Georgian side focused on the implementation of Georgia's peace policy. Teimuraz Janjalia thanked the Belgian side for its participation in the EU Monitoring Mission. Representatives of the Belgian Foreign Ministry, for their part, reiterated their unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The sides discussed the situation in the South Caucasus region. The Deputy Minister briefed the host side on Georgia's South Caucasus Peace Neighborhood Initiative and reaffirmed the Georgian side's commitment to further contributing to peace and security in the region. Documents Similar News