3 May 2022 On 2 May, the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia met with members of the Finnish parliamentary delegation headed by Matthias Martinen, Chairman of the Friendship Group with the Parliament of Georgia. Highlighting the close, friendly Georgian-Finnish relations based on the common fight for independence and freedom of choice, as well as on the shared European values, the sides welcomed the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. They also noted with satisfaction the close inter-parliamentary ties and fruitful cooperation in the fight against hybrid threats. The Deputy Minister spoke about the importance of maintaining political dialogue at a regular level. In this context, he emphasized the need to carry out planned high-level visits, to ensure a closer dialogue with European regional formats, including with the Nordic-Baltic Eight. Reviewing the progress made by Georgia on the path of irreversible integration with the European Union, Teimuraz Janjalia noted Georgia's interest in ensuring deeper economic integration and sectoral cooperation with the European Union, including in the field of renewable energy and the environment. The Deputy Foreign Minister briefed the Finnish side on Georgia's support for Ukraine, both in the humanitarian field and within international organizations by aligning with a number of resolutions or statements in support of Ukraine. He reaffirmed that Georgia will continue its unwavering support for the brotherly Ukrainian nation. Against the background of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, Teimuraz Janjalia stressed the security challenges facing the region and the creeping occupation and the dire humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. He noted the need for the international community’s greater involvement in ensuring lasting peace and stability in the region. The Finnish MPs, in turn, focused on the ongoing debate on security policy in Finland, including in terms of the country’s possible membership in NATO. They emphasized the importance of ensuring close political dialogue in the light of changes affecting the European security architecture. They noted the importance of European countries’ unanimous position in the face of the Russia-Ukraine war and their strong support for Ukraine. The Finnish side reaffirmed Finland's unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for the country's EU integration and the European Reform Agenda. Documents Similar News