2 March 2023 On 2 March 2023, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, held a meeting with the Vice President of the Luxembourgian Chamber of Deputies, Djuna Bernard and the Chairman of the Foreign and European Affairs Committee, Yves Kruchten, who are visiting Georgia. The Georgian deputy Foreign minister and Luxembourgian legislators expressed their satisfaction with the long-standing friendly relations between the countries and talked about the prospects of bilateral cooperation. During the conversation, emphasis was placed on the importance of intensifying the political dialogue between the countries, conducting high-level visits, and strengthening trade and economic cooperation. The great potential of tourism and trade was especially noted. The sides also emphasized the historical importance of granting the European perspective to Georgia in June 2022. The Luxembourgian delegation was provided with information on Georgia’s European integration process and the progress on the implementation of the 12 recommendations of the European Commission. The need for Luxembourg’s further support was emphasized. The sides discussed the challenges facing the region and the importance of the international community’s strong and united position on the difficult security and human rights situation in the Russian-occupied territories of Georgia. The representatives of the Luxembourgian Chamber of Deputies reaffirmed Luxembourg’s strong support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia. Luxembourg's involvement in the EU monitoring mission was noted with gratitude. The deputy minister spoke in detail on Georgia’s efforts to provide Ukraine with diplomatic and humanitarian support. The Luxembourgian legislators once again confirmed their support for Georgia, positively assessed the progress achieved by our country on the path of EU integration and emphasized that Luxembourg will continue to strongly support Georgia on the path to joining the European Union. The Luxembourgian side highly appraised Georgia’s role in the implementation of the peaceful neighborhood initiative, which contributes to ensuring peace and stability in the region. Documents Similar News