3 July 2017 03.07.2017, Tbilisi – Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze hosted an official Diaspora Awards Ceremony. Awards went to 13 Diaspora representatives identified in 6 nominations through contest organized by the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) and the EU-funded project 'Enhancing Georgia's Migration Management' (ENIGMMA). “Many representatives of our Diaspora have achieved great professional and career successes in the host countries. They made their names with their talent and intellect in art, science, sport, culture and other areas. Our diaspora has a huge potential that could be used to the benefit of our country. The effective use of intellectual capacities of out-migrating Georgians is an important underlying factor for the development of our country and the Government needs do its utmost to put this potential to its fullest possible use” – Mikheil Janelidze said. According to him, the Georgian Foreign Ministry once it assumed responsibility for Diaspora issues took a great number of steps for further deepening relations with Georgian communities abroad. “United and Strong Diaspora” Programme was elaborated, which aims to ensure that Georgian Diaspora is invigorated, its ties with Georgia are strengthened and its contribution to the development of our country is duly appreciated. The award ceremony is a final step of the project “the involvement of high-profile diaspora members in development processes in Georgia”, which is implemented in coordination with the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD). Diaspora awards went to 13 candidates selected by the special intyer-agency commission for six nominations: Singer Keti Melua (Great Britan),painter Lika Shkhvatsabaia (Spain) and folk dancer Maka Lomadze - for promotion of Georgian culture abroad; Historian Davit Kolbaia (Poland), physician-scientist Sopo Adamia (U.S.), Scientist Merab Kokaia (Sweden)and Surgeon Ioseb Nanobashvili (Austria)- for their contribution in science; Ph Degree student Mikheil Sarjveladze (Germany) - for public diplomacy; captain of Georgia's national basketball team and NBI Championship winner Zaza Pachulia- for his contribution in sport; Austrian entrepreneur Leonid Bausbeck, Greek journalist Teodora Avgeri and Swiss musician Thomas Hisermann - for devoted friendship to Georgia. The programme and its award ceremony were held as pilot projects and will become regular in the future. Awards were presented by Minister of Culture and Monument Protection Mikheil Giorgadze, Minister of Labour, Health and Social Affairs David Sergeenko, Minister of Sport and Youth Affairs Tariel Khechikashvili, - State Minister of Georgia on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Victor Dolidze and Chair of the Diaspora and Caucasus Issues Committee Zviad Kvachantiradze. The event was attended by members of the executive and legislative branches of the government and invited guests. Head of the European Union Delegation to Georgia Janos Herman and Manager of the International Center for Migration Policy Development Violeta Wagner spoke before the representatives of the event. Documents Similar News