8 December 2022 On 7 and 8 December of this year, the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs visited Muscat (Sultanate of Oman). Within the framework of the visit, the third round of political consultations was held between the foreign ministries of Georgia and Oman. The Georgian delegation was led by Deputy Minister Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, the Omani side was represented by Sheikh Khalifa bin Ali bin Issa al-Harthy, Under Secretary for Diplomatic Affairs, Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The Ambassador of Georgia Vakhtang Jaoshvili also participated in the consultations. The heads of delegations discussed a wide range of current issues on the agenda of cooperation. Special Attention was focused on cooperation in bilateral and multilateral formats, economic diplomacy, trade, the possibility of concluding a free trade agreement in bilateral format, resumption of direct air traffic and other important issues. The sides exchanged detailed information on challenges and security issues in the region. The Deputy Ministers agreed that they will continue to exchange high-level visits and will complete procedures on the agreements that are currently on the table of negotiations between the two countries. Within the framework of the visit, the Deputy Minister held a meeting with the Minister of Heritage and Tourism, Salem bin Mohammed Al Mahrooqi. Discussions focused on the main areas of cooperation, including on the sharing of experience between the parties and the exchange of delegations. Special emphasis was put on the importance of restoring direct air flights, which will contribute to the growth of tourist flows in both directions. The delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs held a fruitful meeting with Faisal bin Abdullah Al Rawas, the newly elected Chairman of the Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry (OCCI). The sides expressed their interest in the active use of trade and export potential and confirmed that they are ready to exchange relevant information and business delegations. Within the framework of the visit, a meeting was also held with the president of one of the leading airlines of Oman, "Salam Air", Muhammad Ahmed. At the meeting, the sides discussed the possibilities of renewing cooperation with the company and expressed their desire to hold joint events to promote the tourism potential of the two countries. Documents Similar News