12 June 2017 12.06.2017, Tbilisi – The 4th meeting of the Georgian-Lithuanian Commission on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration was held at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, on 12 June 2017. The meeting was co-chaired by Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Mikheil Janelidze and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Linas Linkevičius. The Georgian and Lithuanian delegations discussed issues on the European and Euro-Atlantic political agenda, bilateral relations, the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and co-operation within the framework of international organizations. The Georgian Foreign Minister highly appraised the good-neighbourly and partner relations between the two countries emphasizing that Georgia particularly appreciates the years-long support and commitment of Lithuania and the Minister personally to Georgia. The Lithuanian delegation noted with satisfaction that Georgia is the Eastern Partnership’s leading country, which has made significant progress on its path of European integration since the last year’s meeting of the Commission held in Lithuania. In particular, the Association Agreement, including the DCFTA was put into effect, Georgia joined the Energy Community (EC) and Georgian citizens were granted visa-free travel with the EU. Mikheil janelidze reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to continue reforms to improve Georgian citizens’ access to the benefits of the EU association process. The Lithuanian side spoke about Lithuania’s readiness to continue experience-sharing and practical assistance in the bilateral format, as well as within the framework of Lithuania’s development co-operation, and through the active involvement in the EU twinning projects. The sides exchanged their views over the Eastern Partnership Summit scheduled to be held in November 2017 and Georgia’s expectations in this regard. Special attention was paid to the ongoing NATO-Georgia practical co-operation and regular political dialogue. The Lithuanian side singled out for special mention Georgia’s impressive reforms in the defence and security areas and Georgia’s contribution towards strengthening international contribution. Mikheil Janelidze thanked Linas Linkevičius for starting his visit to Georgia by visiting the occupation line in Abkhazia. Linas Linkevičius reaffirmed Lithuania’s unequivocal support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and for Georgia’s peaceful and reintegration policy aimed at allowing the population residing in the occupied territories to benefit from the economic and humanitarian benefits Georgia can provide. He pledged that he will personally update the European colleagues on the situation on the ground highlighting the importance of the European Union’s active involvement in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. The Georgian side expressed its gratitude to the Lithuanian Seimas for working out an action plan for the support of Georgia (2017-2020) envisaging the consolidation of Lithuania’s political, expert and financial support for Georgia, promotion of economic relations and investments, intensification of inter-parliamentary relations, etc. Particular accent was placed on the development of business-to-business relations and on the significance of intensifying trade-economic co-operation. It was noted with satisfaction that the import/export growth in the first quarter of 2017 between the two countries is the immediate result of the effective enforcement of the DCFTA. Discussions also focused on cooperation in the area of strategic communications, as well as within the framework of international organizations. The Delegations agreed to hold the next meeting of the Georgian-Lithuanian Commission on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration in Lithuania, in 2018. Documents Similar News