3 November 2020 On 3 November 2020, the Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, met with the OSCE head of democratic institutions and human rights office of electoral observation mission - Jillian Stirk. During the meeting, the leader of the mission expressed her gratitude towards the ministry of foreign affairs and the corresponding departments, for the crucial help in the organisational matters. Jillian Stirk once again assessed the parliamentary elections that took place in Georgia, and deemed them to be competitive and free, where fundamental freedoms were guaranteed, she also touched upon the positive aspects noticed during the elections. She noted that the elections were conducted under the renewed legal framework, which created a strong foundation for democratic elections, furthermore, she emphasised that the Georgian people expressed their will at the ballot box, which once again shows their loyalty to the democratic process of conduct. Jillian also touched upon the topic of the reviewing authorities' preliminary account of recommendations and recorded flaws. The sides expressed their readiness to actively participate in fixing the existing matters. During the meeting, the Georgian side expressed gratitude towards the head of the aforementioned mission as well as the entire team, for a well-grounded and long-term monitoring of the pre-election and the election processes and the finalisation of the preliminary conclusions. It has been indicated that the activeness of the democratic institutions and human rights office along with the other international reviewing authorities has been very appreciated during the covid-19. David Zalkaliani emphasised the steps implemented by the Georgian authority for the creation of an equal and just environment for all participating sides and the highly democratic standards that the elections exhibited. He especially took notice of the extreme efforts exerted by the side of the Georgian authorities in providing and ensuring the maximum involvement of the international observers during the elections. At the end of the meeting, the minister, once again, expressed his gratitude towards the OSCE-s democratic institute and human rights office, electoral observation mission, and their evaluation of the process along with the steps taken by them for Georgia to be able to take heed of the mission's recommendations. Documents Similar News