28 December 2021 On 27 December 2021, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia hosted an official award ceremony for distinguished representatives of the Georgian Diaspora based abroad. The event was organized in cooperation with the International Center for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) and the EU-funded project ENIGMMA (Enhancing Georgia’s Migration Management). Diaspora Award 2021 was opened by the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani. He congratulated the winners and thanked the EU for its financial assistance that helped the Georgian Foreign Ministry in team with the International Center for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) to carry out ENIGMMA 2’s Georgian High-Profile Diaspora Engagement Project. "I would like to express my respect for the prominent representatives of the Georgian Diaspora, who make a special contribution to the development of our country, as well as to building and improving Georgia’s image abroad. Developing an effective policy towards the diaspora is one of the Georgian government’s main priorities, which is also an important tool for integration with the European Union and facilitates the use of Georgian citizens’ potential in the reconstruction of the country" said David Zalkaliani. According to the Foreign Minister, Georgia is firmly on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration and is preparing to apply for full EU membership in 2024. Establishing strong ties with Europe is a key element of Georgia's agenda, supported by the Georgian diaspora. "I am proud to say that Georgia has a high-profile diaspora that is fully sharing the civilized standards of coexistence of nations and states, is willing to use its growing potential for the welfare of the homeland and to contribute to the development of both host countries and Georgia" - the Foreign Minister pointed out. David Zalkaliani also spoke about the importance of diaspora organizations and cultural centers, Sunday schools, noting that the scope of the "Support for Diaspora Initiatives" grant program and the number of beneficiaries had increased unprecedentedly during the pandemic. According to the Foreign Minister, a new component, which has been added to the "Diaspora Initiatives Support Program" this year, envisages strengthening the role of public diplomacy in the process of preparing for EU membership. According to David Zalkaliani, the successful programme "Be the Young Ambassador of Your Country" continues, in the framework of which the young ambassadors raise the awareness of Georgia by popularizing Georgian culture through cultural, educational, sports or other events in the host countries, as well as by creating a network of young foreign friends. To popularize Georgian culture abroad, a pilot program to support folk music groups abroad was launched for the first time this year. "Economic Forum of the Georgian Diaspora organized by the Ministry in 2021 sent an important message to our society, to our citizens living abroad and to Georgia’s foreign friends"- Zalkaliani said. According to the Foreign Minister, the past experience has clearly shown that Georgia’s efforts can only be successful if they are made together with Diaspora. Documents Similar News