17 May 2021 The Ukrainian PM, Denys Shmyhal, will visit Georgia, the Ukrainian PM saidduring a meeting with the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, where he reconfirmed the strategic partnership between Georgia and Ukraine, along with the joint efforts exerted in terms of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The Georgian Vice PM reconfirmed concern of the Georgian side regarding the escalation of processes along Ukraine’s border and in Crimea, reconfirming support for Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The parties welcomed the signing of the memorandum between the three associated states concerning issues of European integration, expressing readiness to support the convergence of economies and sectoral integration between said states. During the meeting the parties also discussed prospects of more active and deeper cooperation in various fields, noting with satisfaction, that Ukraine remains among the top trading partners for Georgia. The positive practices of the management of the intergovernmental economic commission was were also discussed. The parties also underscored the necessity of tight cooperation between Georgia and Ukraine, in order to maximise benefits from the existing opportunities with the EU including in terms of the DCFTA. The positive dynamics in terms of cooperation in the tourism industry was also noted as satisfactory. The immense potential in the transport sector was also discussed outlining the potential of the Black Sea and necessity for further active cooperation. During the meeting the parties also touched upon the process of Euro-Atlantic integration, with both parties welcoming the efforts exerted on behalf of Tbilisi and Kiev in order to receive appropriate recognition during the upcoming NATO summit. The Ukrainian PM noted with satisfaction over the existing high levels of communication and cooperation with his Georgian colleague, Irakli Gharibashvili. The importance of joint communication with the EU on behalf of the “Eastern Partnership Initiative” member-states over the issue of egalitarian distribution of vaccines was also underscored during the meeting by both parties. Documents Similar News