12 December 2018 The 46thround of the Geneva International Discussions was held on 11-12 December 2018. During the negotiations the necessity of solving the humanitarian problems of conflict affected population was raised with particular emphasis. The Georgian delegation discussed extensively the grave consequences for the local population stemming from illegal occupation and factual annexation process of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation. Special attention was paid to the military build-up and intensified military exercises in Georgia's occupied territories, as well as violations of Georgian airspace by Russia. Georgian Participants addressed the issue of fortifying the occupation line through installation of barbed and razor wire fences and in this regard condemned the erection of artificial barriers in the village of Atotsi. The representatives of Georgia sharply raised the necessity of full implementation of the EU mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement by the Russian Federation. Against the background of reinforced illegal military presence of Russia in Georgia’s occupied territories, the Georgian delegation once again stressed the need for affirmation and implementation of non-use of force commitment by Moscow, as well as the establishment of international security mechanisms in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. It was pointed out that compliance with the provisions of Ceasefire Agreement, non-use of force and creation of international security arrangements represent the essential and inseparable components for ensuring sustainable peace and security on the ground. Throughout the negotiations special emphasis was placed on murders of Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. Georgian participants once again raised the need for execution of justice with regard to these cases. The rights of the population residing in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions as well as in the adjacent areas to the occupation line were discussed in details. The issues of restriction of freedom of movement, prohibition of education in native language, property and other fundamental rights violations were in focus. The severe consequences of ethnic discrimination of the Georgian population living in Gali and Akhalgori, and the necessity of immediate solution of this grave problem was the subject of particular discussion. It was noted that the existing discriminative restrictions and consequently complicated socio-economic situation on the ground provoke a threat of new wave of ethnic cleansing. In this context, the responsibility of the Russian Federation, as a power exercising effective control over the occupied territories, was emphasized. Against the backdrop of existing security and humanitarian challenges on the ground, the necessity of immediate resumption of meetings of Gali and Ergneti Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms in full respect of the founding principles and ground rules was reiterated. Due to the destructive position of representatives of Russia and its occupation regimes, the discussions could not take place on one of the core issue of the agenda – safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees, who have been forcibly expelled from Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions as a result of ethnic cleansing. In order to avoid talks on this topic, the participants from Moscow, Sokhumi and Tskhinvali left the negotiations. The Co-Chairs and Co-Moderators from the EU, UN and OSCE, as well as the representatives of the USA were united on the necessity of improving security, humanitarian and human rights situation on the ground. The information session on “Women, Peace and Security” was held prior to the negotiations. With the aim to ensure sustainable and inclusive peace, active involvement of women, as well as the need for addressing the problems of conflict-effected women in peace negotiations was highlighted. The next round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 2-3 April, 2019. Geneva International Discussions were launched on the basis of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Discussions are held within the frames of two Working Groups, where participants are represented in their individual capacity. In the first Working Group talks are focused on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, while in second Working Group – on humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as on the issues related to safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News