20 October 2022 "Georgia plays an increasingly important role in the formation of the European security architecture of the U.S. One of the clear proofs of this is the unequivocal support, which the new U.S. national security strategy expresses for the European integration of Georgia " - the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Ilia Darchiashvili is quoted as saying during the "Minister's Hour". According to the minister, the strategic partnership between Georgia and the U.S. moved to an even higher level in 2022, which marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. According to Darchiashvili, the deepening of strategic partnership is evidenced by a number of important visits to Georgia of high-level representatives of the executive branch of the U.S. government. In his speech, the minister welcomed the growing dynamics of cooperation between the two countries and focused special attention on the strengthening of U.S. support at the legislative level. According to him, the bipartisan bill " Georgia Support Act" approved by the House of Representatives, as well as the State,Foreign Operations andRelated Programs(SFOPS) appropriationsbillsand the U.S. National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) once again confirm that Georgia remains high on the agenda of both the executive and legislative authorities of the United States of America. Ilia Darchiashvili also spoke about the importance of the U.S. support for the development, security, economic and military advancement of the Black Sea region. According to him, against the background of the ongoing developments in the region, the Black Sea countries, including Georgia, take on a particularly meaningful importance in terms of the national security interests of the United States. According to Darchiashvili, Georgia remains a strong and reliable ally of the U.S. The political, practical and financial assistance provided by the United States to Georgia, including in defense and security, trade and investment and other key areas, is tangible and visible. "Our goal is to further deepen the strategic partnership between Georgia and the United States in all priority areas as provided for by the Charter onStrategic Partnership," the Minister of Foreign Affairs highlighted. Documents Similar News