3 September 2018 3.09.2017, Tbilisi –​ According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani Georgia has an ambitious plan to take more steps beyond the Association Agreement and the Georgian Government’s new initiative in the form of the Roadmap serves the realisaton of this very ambition. Following his meeting with European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations, Johannes Hahn, David Zalkaliani said that the Roadmap concept which is already in place envisages greater sectoral and physical integration with the EU and deeper co-operation with the EU programmes and agencies. He paid special attention to the new format of high-level dialogue with the Europan Union to be chaired by the President of the European Commission and the Prime Minister of Georgia, the first meeting of which will be held in November. “We expect that this new format which is unprecedented and has been launched exclusively with respect to Georgia will serve as yet another step bringing Georgia closer to the European Union” – the Minister said. David Zalkaliani also highlighted Georgia’s remarkable progress, including in terms of implementing the Association Agreement. Discussions, according to him, focused on the visa liberalization process and steps taken in this regard. “Special accent was put on the fact that visa liberalization is Georgia’s important achievement and we need to take special care of this achievement. Our European partners highly value what Georgia does in this direction, including the steps we are making towards ensuring that visa liberalization requirements are fully complied with” – David Zalkaliani said. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked the European Commissioner for his personal contribution to the opening of the European School for Eastern Partnership. “We are greatful to Mr Hahn as he personally pressed for this decision to be adopted at the Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels in November 2017, and today, by founding the European School for Eastern Partnership, we are becoming witness to the material realization of this decision”. According to David Zalkaliani, he provided Mr. Hahn with information about the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories paying special attention to human rights violations on the ground. “The European Union as one of the key actors in the Geneva International Discussions plays a really significant role in ensuring that more steps are taken towards the consolidation of the international community and a tangible progress is achieved on the implementation of the Association Agreement, n on-use of force and the return of IDPs” – David Zalkaliani said. Documents Similar News