14 April 2021 Within the framework of his visit to Strasbourg, the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia met with the Secretary General of PACE, Despina Chatzivassiliou-Tsovilis. Discussions focused on Georgia-CoE cooperation and Georgia’s commitment to the Organization’s values and principles based on human rights, the rule of law and democracy. Special attention was paid to the security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, which has been compounded by the COVID-19 pandemic-related restrictions. The sides expressed their concern with regard to the human rights violations in Georgia’s occupied territories, including the right to life, the right to freedom of movement, the right to property, and the right to education in the native language.. Lasha Darsalia briefed the PACE Secretary General on the Georgian Government’s peaace policy. He also took note of the judgment delivered by the European Court of Human Rights in the Georgia v. Russia inter-state case, which holds Russia accountable for the violation of international law norms and fundamental human rights during the August 2008 war, as well as for the occupation of and effective control over the Georgian territories. The sides put special accent on keeping the issues relating to Georgia’s occupied regions in the international spotlight and on the need to provide international human rights mechanisms with an access to the occupied regions. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s close and fruitful cooperation with the Council of Europe and the important legacy of Georgian presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. Special note was taken of the link between environment protection and human rights, which the Georgian Presidency declared as its priority and which represents the sphere of the PACE’s interest. During his visit to Strasbourg, the Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia also met with the Director of the Office of the Commissioner for Human Rights of the Council of Europe, Isil Gachet who was provided with detailed information on the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Documents Similar News