29 March 2019 29.03.2019 Tbilisi - The U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Commission's Working Group on People-to-People and Cultural Exchanges met on 29 March in Tbilisi. Deputy Foreign Minister of Georgia Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, First Deputy State Minister of Georgia for Reconciliation and Civic Equality Ruslan Abasjidze co-chaired the meeting from the Georgian side, and Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy in the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of Educational andCulturalAffairs AleishaWoodward, U.S. Embassy Chargé d'Affaires, Ambassador Ross Wilson andUSAIDMission Director, Peter Wiebler – from the U.S. side. The sides discussed the ongoing co-operation in the areas of education, health, sports, cultural exchanges and strategic communications, as well as the issues relation to engagement of the population in the occupied territories and challenges involved in this process. Deputy Minister of Education, Science, Culture and Sport Irina Abuladze informed the participants of the meeting on the new national education concept and ongoing reforms. Highlighting the objectives of the reforms, she said that fundamental modifications are aimed at ensuring the flexible, up-to-date and quality education system. The Georgian side expressed its gratitude for the projects implemented within the U.S. Millennium Challenge Corporation’s Second Compact. It was highlighted that the U.S. and the USAID, in particular, will continue partnership with the government of Georgia to transform the Georgian education system into a model oriented towards students and quality teaching and focused on critical thinking and problem solution. The sides also agreed on the need to support vocational education through the use of exchange programmes and other innovation methods. Discussions focused on the Georgian Government’s initiative “A Step towards a Better Future”. First Deputy State Minister of Georgia for Reconciliation and Civic Equality Ruslan Abashidze brought to the attention of the U.S. delegation the Georgian government’s planned activities. For its part, the U.S. delegation expressed its support for the Georgian Government’s efforts to increase engagement of the population in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and for the possibility of extending to them various services and benefits. The sides also highlighted the importance of confidence-building measures that aim at reducing tension, establishing peace and achieving progress in reconciliation efforts. The sides spoke about the role of strategic communications in dealing with such challenges as misinformation and propaganda. The Georgian delegation expressed its gratitude for the U.S. support of the ongoing projects oriented towards improving strategic communications in the government agencies. Conversations also included the progress in the health sector reforms. The U.S. side expressed its satisfaction at Georgia’s joining the Global Health Security Agenda. Georgia’s progress in the elimination of C Hepatitis was also highlighted. At the end of the meeting the sides adopted a JOINT STATEMENT. Documents Similar News