20 April 2022 On 20 April 2022, in the framework of his working visit to the Czech Republic, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, met with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic, AlešChmelař. The sides discussed current issues of bilateral relations between Georgia and the Czech Republic, the security situation in Georgia and the region as a whole, and the prospects for Georgia's integration into the European Union. Discussions also focused on the priority issues of the future Czech Presidency of the European Union, including the issues related to the status of a candidate country. The Czech Deputy Minister welcomed Georgia's application for EU membership. The Czech side reaffirmed its readiness to support Georgia's efforts at various stages of EU integration. For his part, Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia spoke about the steps taken by the Government of Georgia to complete the questionnaire and further mobilize and coordinate the legislative and executive bodies. The sides highlighted Georgia's progress in implementing of the Association Agreement, including in terms of institutional and legal rapprochement with the EU, which leads the country to EU membership. The sides discussed the difficult security situation in Europe as a result of Russia's aggression against Ukraine. In this context, the sides focused on the threats and challenges facing Georgia. The Czech side stressed that strengthening the resilience of EU Member States and partners, especially of Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova, will be one of the priorities of the Czech presidency. The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister briefed his Czech counterpart on the situation in the occupied regions of Georgia and stressed the need for greater involvement from international partners. AlešChmelař strongly emphasized his strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. Discussions also focused on the current priorities of bilateral relations between the two countries, including on the further growth of Czech investments in Georgia, cooperation in the field of tourism, and further development of economic relations, in general. The sides exchanged views on prospects for enhanced education and culture cooperation. Documents Similar News