7 February 2024 Ilia Darchiashvili, the candidate for the post of Foreign Minister of Georgia, highlighted the Government’s commitment to mediate for peace in the South Caucasus region. During his address to the three Parliamentary committees, Darchiashvil noted the concept of the Peaceful Neighbourhood Initiative, proposed by Garibashvili for facilitating talks between Azerbaijan and Armenia for their long-running conflict over the Nagorno-Karabakh region. Darchiashvili emphasised the Government had consistently pursued a balanced approach and had actively facilitated communication with the neighbouring states despite challenging regional circumstances. He also reaffirmed the country&#39;s commitment to continuing the policy, which he said was rooted in principles of peace and stability. Georgia has taken a significant step towards promoting peace and stability in the region. We stand ready to further engage in this direction, catering to the needs of our neighbouring countries. We envision Tbilisi as a hub for our neighbours to convene, fostering discussions on pertinent issues to build mutual trust. The FM candidate underscored the importance of diversifying transport and energy corridors, particularly highlighting the important role of the Middle Corridor - a route connecting Central Asia and Europe. He outlined Georgia&#39;s commitment to advancing efforts for enhancing energy, transport and digital connectivity with the European Union. Highlighting Georgia&#39;s significance as an “energy hub”, he cited the strategic partnership agreement on green energy development and transmission, signed between the governments of Azerbaijan, Georgia, Romania, and Hungary in Bucharest in 2022 after the initiative was proposed by Georgia. He also stressed the country’s growing transit capabilities, its positioning as an important player in the Black Sea region, and highlighted the importance of fostering regional cooperation through bilateral and multilateral formats and with a focus on strengthening strategic and political ties with Central Asia, East Asia and Middle East countries. The official cited accomplishments like the signing of the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement with the United Arab Emirates in 2023, formation of an intergovernmental coordination council with Saudi Arabia, initiation of free trade negotiations with Israel and commencement of negotiations on an economic partnership agreement with South Korea. Documents Similar News