23 May 2018 22.05.2018, New York - The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze met with the Foreign Minister of Poland, Jacek Czaputowicz, on the sidelines of the United Nations (UN) themed debate, which was held at the Initiative of the Polish Presidency of the UNSC and was dedicated to the protection of civilians in armed conflict. Mikheil Janelidze thanked his Polish counterpart for highlighting the issues of importance to the international community. According to Jacek Czaputowicz it is important for the Polish Presidency to ensure that the UNSC keeps high on the agenda the issues relating to violation of the international law principles and respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Member States. Jacek Czaputowicz reaffirmed Poland’s support for Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as for its sovereignty and territorial integrity. According to him, Poland keeps a watch over the developments in Georgia’s occupied territories and the human rights violations there. The two ministers spoke abour the high level of co-operation between Georgia and Poland. Mikheil Janelidze thanked his Polish counterpart for the Polish President’s plans to visit Georgia to participate in the events dedicated to the celebrations of the 100th anniversary since the foundation of the first republic of Georgia. Jacek Czaputowicz said that it is yet another proof of Poland’s support for Georgia. The sides spoke about the forthcoming NATO Summit in Brussels expressing the hope that Georgia’s progress on the NATO integration path will be duly reflected in the Summit decisions. Mikheil Janelidze informed his Polish colleague on the Georgian Government’s European Integration Roadmap aiming at facilitating Georgia’s institutional, legislative and physical rapprochement with the EU. Jacek Czaputowicz expressed Poland’s readiness to share with Georgia its experience in this regard, including within the framework of Tbilisi Conference. Documents Similar News