8 June 2017 8.06.2017, Tbilisi - For the year 2017, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs prepared the Fisrt Quarterly Report on the Human Rights Situation in the Occupied Regions of Georgia. The Report covers the period from January to March 2017 and reveals human rights violations in the occupied territories of Georgia during this period. The report is prepared by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia in coordination with various governmental agencies. The report is based on open sources of information and aims at providing the international community with periodic information on the human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories in order to ensure its adequate reaction. Gross violations of human rights, including inhuman treatment, arbitrary detention, restrictions of freedom of movement and mass infringement on property rights as well as restrictions on the right to receive education in the native language had been reported from the occupied territories in the indicated period. The process of installation of barbed wire fences, other artificial obstacles and banners across the occupation line adds to the gravity of the otherwise tense situation. It should be emphasized that during the reporting period two more crossing points along the occupation line with the Abkhazian region were closed down. The international community expressed its concern regarding the closure of two additional crossing points and indicated detrimental implications of the above decision for the freedom of movement and therefore for access of basic services such as healthcare and education, especially those living in Gali district of the occupied Abkhazian region. According to the international community, the above decision will likely increase the risk of incidents, especially detentions. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is concerned about the human rights situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and appeals to the international community to take immediate and adequate measures for eradication of grave violations of human rights and all forms of ethnic discrimination in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region. First Quarterly Report for 2017 of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia on the Human Rights Situation in the Occupied Regions of Georgia Documents Similar News