5 September 2023 Within the framework of his working visit to Hungary, Ilia Darchiashvili held a meeting with his Hungarian counterpart, Péter Szijjártó and participated as an honorary guest in the annual meeting of the heads of the Hungarian diplomatic missions abroad, during which he addressed the Hungarian diplomats. Within the framework of the visit to Budapest, the sides once again emphasized the close and friendly relations and partnership between Georgia and Hungary. Special note was taken of Hungary’s firm and unwavering support to the European integration process of Georgia. The Ministers exchanged information about the steps Georgia is taking to fulfill the European Commission’s recommendations. The Hungarian Foreign Minister clearly stated that Hungary supports granting the candidate status to Georgia and the country’s further progress on this path. The sides expressed the hope that the reforms implemented by Georgia will be reflected in the European Union’s relevant decision on granting the candidate status. While on the theme of security and diversification of energy resources and transit routes, the sides highlighted Georgia's special role for the European Union. In this context, ongoing partnership between the two countries on the Black Sea submarine cable was once again evaluated positively. Both at the bilateral meeting and within the framework of the ambassadorial meeting, the ministers highly appraised the Georgian-Hungarian cooperation in various areas, as well as the mutual exchange of high-level visits, which contributes to the development of political, sectoral, trade-economic and people-to-people contacts between the countries. The security environment in the region was also reviewed. Péter Szijjártó thanked his Georgian colleague for his visit to Budapest. For his part, Ilia Darchiashvili noted the importance of Hungary's support and expressed the hope that through close coordination, important steps will be taken to deepen the ties between the two countries. Documents Similar News