4 June 2024 On 4 June 2024, in New York, the UN General Assembly adopted a resolution titled “Status of internally displaced persons and refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia” during its 78th session. This resolution, initiated by Georgia and 63 other countries from various regions, received support from 103 countries. Georgia has been presenting this resolution to the UN General Assembly since 2008. The resolution condemns the forcible demographic changes in the Georgian regions occupied by Russia, asserts the right of internally displaced persons (IDPs) to return to their homes with dignity and in safety regardless of ethnicity, and emphasizes the importance of respecting and protecting their property rights. Additionally, the resolution urges the participants of Geneva International Discussions to intensify their efforts to improve the security and human rights situation in the Georgian regions occupied by Russia, thereby facilitating the return of IDPs and refugees to their homes. In addition to its humanitarian implications, the resolution has practical significance as it mandates the UN Secretary General to prepare an annual report on the situation of the IDPs in Georgia and the implementation of the resolution. This is particularly important given the challenging human rights conditions in the Georgian regions occupied by Russia and the lack of international monitoring mechanisms. This absence is a significant barrier to the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees. The resolution's relevance is heightened by the worsening global humanitarian situation, exacerbated by Russia's aggression against Ukraine, which has led to a record increase in the number of refugees and IDPs. Notably, the resolution has evolved into a global initiative in recent years, with numerous countries from various regions becoming co-authors. This co-authorship allows these countries to play a more active role in international efforts to address the severe humanitarian crises resulting from Russian aggression and occupation. In 2024, 64 countries co-authored the resolution. During the review of the resolution on 4 June, several statements of support were made by the European Union, the United Kingdom, Lithuania (on behalf of the Baltic and Nordic countries), Ukraine, Japan, and Australia (on behalf of Canada and New Zealand). The fact that Georgia not only maintained but also increased the annual support for the resolution is considered a significant success for Georgian diplomacy. Additionally, for the first time this year, the President of the 78th session of the UN General Assembly, Dennis Francis, participated in the discussion and delivered a speech. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia expresses gratitude to all the states that supported and co-authored the resolution. This decision reaffirms each country's support for the right of return for internally displaced persons and refugees and shows solidarity with each displaced individual. Documents Similar News