4 November 2020 On 4 November 2020, the Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, participated in the virtual meeting of the 130th session of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. During his speech, the Minister emphasised the importance of effective multilateralism in the modern world, noting that multilateralism is in the national interests of every country, despite size, geopolitical location, or economic development. “Extensive cooperation has to be the key instrument so that the ongoing crisis can be effectively addressed, by protecting human rights, democracy and the rule of law”, noted Zalkaliani. During the Ministerial Zalkaliani thoroughly explored the subject of Georgian occupied territories, the region of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali, and the dire situation there. The minister said that despite the spread of the coronavirus, the Russian Federation continues to make provocative steps on the occupied territories, to worsen the situation, even more, using the classic as well as the hybrid approach to accomplish this. Zalkaliani emphasized that the Russian occupation regime continues to isolate the occupied regions, as a result intensifying the problem of human rights as well as the humanitarian situation. Zalkaliani reminded his colleagues that because of the past instances of the murder of Georgian citizens, in the occupied territories, the sense of non-existing justice encourages impunity in the Abkhazian and Tskhinvali regions. In his speech, the minister firmly expressed that parallel to this situation, Russia is strengthening its hybrid war as well as the cyberattacks and disinformation campaigns against Georgia. “Allow me to emphasize the alarming importance of the reaction of the council of Europe on the existing topic. Furthermore, I want to acknowledge the consolidated accounts made by the general secretary and the minister committee on this topic, it is important to further intensify our efforts, for the international mechanisms to be able to access the occupied territories”- commented Zalkaliani. During the session, the minister indicated that despite the Russian aggressive and unlawful actions, the Georgian government acts as a highly responsible member of the international association. As the meeting progressed towards the end, Zalkaliani congratulated the Republic of Greece on the successful chairmanship and acknowledged the future role of Germany in this position. Documents Similar News