2 September 2018 02.09.2018, Tbilisi – According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani the upcoming visit of Johannes Hahn, European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations to Tbilisi is certain to be one of the most successful that will further advance the European integration process. According to the Foreign Minister "This is the European Commissioner's second visit to Georgia over the year. The visit coincided in time with the opening of the European School for Eastern Partnership in Tbilisi. One of the main goals of the visit is to establish European School for Eastern Partnership. Johannes Hahn’s personal contribution to the opening of this school in Georgia is really great" - said the Foreign Minister. Zalkaliani noted that the opening of European School in Georgia is the first achieved goal of the goals and objectives that were set at the Eastern Partnership summit in Brussels, in November of 2017, which points to the close and fruitful co-operation between Georgia and the European Union. "The decision to open a school was taken during the Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels in 2017, and the school due to be launched is Georgia is one of the outcomes of practical implementation of this decision. It will be the first European school outside the EU, where 16- and 17-year-old students from the Eastern Partnership countries will be awarded European Bachelor's Degree diplomas. This is yet another step towards achieving closer integration between the EU, Georgia and the Eastern Partnership countries" - the Minister said. According to the Foreign Minister, all important issues relating to co-operation with the European Union will be discussed within the framework of the visit. “We will speak about visa-free travel, which is one of the most important achievements on Georgia’s path to the integration with the EU, as well as about the successful implementation of the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area. The EU support for Georgia, including in financial terms will also be discussed" - David Zalkaliani said European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations, Johannes Hahn will visit Georgia on 3 and 4 September to hold bilateral meetings with high-ranking officials of Georgia. The European School for the Eastern Partnership will be officially launched on 4 September. Documents Similar News