13 April 2019 The U.S. Congress hosted a meeting dedicated to the Centennial Anniversary of the Georgian Parliament. The event was co-organized by the Georgian Embassy to the U.S. and the Atlantic Council. Ambassador David Bakradze and MP Sophie Katsarava, Chairwomen of the International Relations Committee at the Parliament of Georgia noted that Georgia’s first Constituent Assembly went as a unique case on the record of Georgian modern-type democracy and is considered as part of our national heritage and a pillar of Georgia’s current democratic statehood. The first Democratic Republic of Georgiaof 1918-1921 was legitimately considered to be one of the most democratic states in Europe with absolutely remarkable Parliament/Constituent Assembly. Among 130 elected members of the Assembly, 23 of them (which made 18%) represented the ethnic minority groups. Moreover, 5 women were elected as Parliamentarians, way ahead of most Western countries even allowing women participation in the elections, including the US (1920) and the UK (1928). The event also highlighted the 100 years-long Georgia-US people-to-people exchanges by featuring The New York Times and Georgian Publishing House სახელები Faces&Names joint project NYT - Turning Points Global Agenda - Georgia, reflecting on the stories and personalities contributing to this bilateral exchange. In this light, Georgian Publishing House “Sakhelebi” awarded some of the most remarkable American friends of Georgia for their invaluable contribution to the Georgia-US close friendship and partnership. Among awardees are:Congressman Gerry Connolly, Chairman of the Congressional Georgia Caucus; CongressmanTed Poe, former Co-Chairman of the Congressional Georgia Caucus; Luke Coffey, Director of the Davis Institute for National Security and Foreign Policy atThe Heritage Foundation; Paul Grego, Georgian Area Specialist at The Library of Congress; Kenneth Angell, Managing Director of Overseas Private Investment Corporation/OPIC; Dr. Mamuka Tsereteli, President ofAmerica Georgia Business Council; and Voice of America - VOA Georgian Bureau/ ამერიკის ხმა, represented on behalf of the team by the head of the Georgian Bureau Anna Kalandadze. Documents Similar News