26 April 2021 On 26 April 2021, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, in partnership with UN Women, organized a meeting entitled “Geneva International Discussions and the Women, Peace and Security Agenda” with CSOs working in the field. The meeting was financially supported by the UK Government, Conflict, Stability and Security Fund. The meeting focused on the Women, Peace and Security (WPS) agenda and the importance of women’s active participation in peace talks. Also discussed were the needs of women affected by conflict within the framework of the Geneva International Discussions (GID) Delivering opening remarks, the State Minister of Georgia for Reconciliation and Civic Equality, Tea Akhvlediani focused particularly on the increased and meaningful participation of women in peace negotiations. The dialogue in a roundtable format proceeded in two sessions. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs,Lasha Darsalia and the UN resident coordinator in Georgia, Sabine Machl gave their speeches during the first session dedicated to the Geneva International Discussions. Lasha Darsalia discussed in detail the GID dynamics and challenges, paying special attention to Russia’s attempts to politicize the humanitarian issues and to create obstacles hindering the resolution of the security and human rights situation in the occupied territories. Within the scope of the first session, Sabine Machl spoke extensively about the UN’s role in the peace process and the activities of the UN Agencies and programmes in terms of solving the humanitarian problems. The second session was dedicated to mainstreaming “women, peace and security” in the negotiations agenda. Nino Berikashvili, Head of the Conflict Resolution Policy Division of the Political Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Tamar Sabedashvili, acting representative of UN Women and Ekaterine Gamakharia, Head of the Tbilisi office of the Fund "Sukhumi" discussed the ways to promote the inclusive peace process, activate a dialogue with civil society and strengthen women’s meaningful participation in peacebuilding efforts. Representatives of the civil society reaffirmed their commitment to cooperation and further meetings in the format of an active dialogue. Documents Similar News