1 December 2023 The Georgian Foreign Minister, Ilia Darchiashvili delivered a speech before the 30th meeting of the Ministerial Council. In his speech, the Minister focused on the challenges stemming from the occupation of the Georgian territories and the severe consequences of Russia’s aggression against Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili also highlighted Georgia’s state policy dedicated to the peaceful solution to the conflict and the importance of the firm and consolidated stance of international community. As the Minister noted, Russia’s full-scale military aggression against Georgia back in 2008 compromised international rules-based order and security in the region, and was followed by attempted annexation of Ukraine's Crimea in 2014 and ongoing war of aggression against Ukraine. According to the Minister, Russia’s war against Georgia has been the first open attempt to forcibly redraw the borders of a sovereign State after the Cold War. He highlighted that for over 15 years now, Russia continues its illegal occupation of Georgia’s integral Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, in flagrant violation of the fundamental principles and norms of international law. Russia’s war against Georgia has been the first open attempt to forcibly redraw the borders of a sovereign State after the Cold War. For over 15 years now, Russia continues its illegal occupation of Georgia’s indispensable Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, in flagrant violation of the fundamental principles and norms of international law. The people living in the occupied territories are subjected to grave human rights violations. Being isolated by kilometers of barbed wire fences, they are cut off their relatives, farmlands, orchards, places of worship, deprived of freedom of movement, access to basic needs. Illegal detentions and kidnappings are a rampant practice that puts their health and life under risk. Recent killing of a peaceful Georgian citizen, Tamaz Ginturi, by the Russian occupation forces in the vicinity of his native village Kirbali of Gori municipality, is yet another act of violence against ethnic Georgians” – Ilia Darchiashvili is quoted as saying. According to the Foreign Minister, Georgia is dedicated to peace and seeks the peaceful solution to the conflict with its policy based on two pillars of 1) de-occupation of Georgia’s territories by the Russian Federation, and 2) reconciliation between the divided communities. In this context, he put a special accent on the particular role of the Geneva International Discussions and highlighted the importance of the international community’s support. “The firm and consolidated stance of international community is of utmost importance to ensure that Russia ceases aggression, fulfils its international obligations, respects sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors and withdraws its forces from illegally occupied territories. Let me take the opportunity to thank the Group of Friends of Georgia within the OSCE for their outspoken and staunch support” – Ilia Darchiashvili said. Ilia Darchiashvili reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to OSCE principles. Statement Documents Similar News