14 December 2019 14.12.2019, Tbilisi – According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, “Georgia’s Way to Europe” is the young people’s very significant initiative to celebrate Georgia’s Presidency of the CoE Committee of Ministers. In the words of Zalkaliani, during Georgia’s Presidency, Georgia will do its utmost to address the challenges facing the organization, in line with the priorities Georgia submitted to Strasbourg on 27 November. “Of the four priorities of the Georgian Presidency, one is related to youth engagement in strengthening democracy. Also of paramount importance is the priority relating to civil participation in decision-making. The impact of environmental protection. on human rights and child-friendly justice are also important initiatives. These priorities are of topical importance to the Organization and Georgia as the chair and the host of 14 events scheduled to take place during 6 months both in Strasbourg and Tbilisi will ensure that the executive, legislative and judicial branches of the government, parliament, PACE are all involved in these processes” - Zalkaliani said. According to the Minister, by taking over the CoE Presidency, Georgia assumed great responsibility for ensuring that all state structures are functioning effectively, in line with Georgia’s European values. We often hear cynical comments that presidency was passed to Georgia by rotation that occurs in an alphabetical order. Yes, we took over the CoE presidency on a rotation basis but we also took over the shared responsibility of this organization. And I also want you to know that many countries decline this responsibility and opt to transfer the presidency to the country next on the list. This presidency gives an excellent opportunity to our state agencies, including the Foreign Ministry and diplomatic corps, and all other ministries involved in implementing the priorities mentioned above to excel themselves in the areas that are of great importance to our European colleagues” – Zalkaliani said. The ruling party - Georgian Dream – Democratic Georgia is organizing an event “Georgia’s Way to Europe” dedicated to Georgia’s presidency of the Council of Europe. Documents Similar News