2 December 2021 On 1 December 2021, Bilal Zahid, FCDO Additional Director for Eastern Europe and Central Asia visited Georgia to hold meetings with the heads of the Political, European and Security Policy and Euro-Atlantic Integration Departments of the Georgian Foreign Ministry, under the umbrella of the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue. The meetings were also attended by the Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Georgia, Mark Clayton. During the meeting with the Political Department, the Georgian side provided the British partners with detailed information on the security challenges facing the Black Sea region and the South Caucasus. Special attention was paid to the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, including the so-called "borderization", illegal arrests and kidnappings of Georgian citizens, the closure of crossing points and the restriction of free movement as a clear manifestation of the Russian hybrid war aimed at destabilizing the situation in the country. The Georgian side noted that Moscow's defiance of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement and the illegal occupation and de facto annexation of Georgia' s indivisible regions pose a serious threat to peace and security in Europe. Georgian diplomats stressed the importance of the United Kingdom, as a global player in the peaceful settlement of the conflict in Georgia, as well as in ensuring peace and stability in the region. The British delegation, for its turn reaffirmed its unequivocal support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. It should be noted that accompanied by the EUMM, Bilal Zahid visited the occupation line near the village of Odzi. During the meeting with the Department of Security Policy and Euro-Atlantic Integration, the process of Georgia's integration into NATO, aspects of political and practical cooperation with the Alliance, Black Sea security issues and prospects for future cooperation with the Alliance were discussed. The security environment in the region and current processes were also discussed at the meeting. The UK side reaffirmed its support for Georgia's accession to NATO and thanked the Georgian side for its significant contribution to strengthening common Euro-Atlantic security. The sides agreed to deepen Georgia's integration into NATO, as well as bilateral security cooperation. The current agenda of bilateral relations was the main topic of discussions at the meeting with the Director of the European Department. Special emphasis was placed on the importance of the "Wardrop Strategic Dialogue", the next round of which will be hosted by London. The sides discussed the importance of further developing bilateral parliamentary relations, and stressed the need to deepen sectoral cooperation. Attention was paid to the activation of trade-economic relations and full utilization of opportunities arising from the free trade agreement. Against the background of growing global and regional threats, the Georgian side noted the cooperation between the two countries in the field of cyber security and thanked the British side for the efforts made in the process of developing a national cyber security strategy. At the same time, they expressed satisfaction with the successful cooperation in the field of education, which has a positive impact on the educational opportunities of Georgian youth. Bilal Zahid handed over to the Georgian side the letter of Elizabeth Truss, the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs addressed to his Georgian counterpart, in which she expresses readiness for further development of the strategic cooperation between the two countries. The letter emphasizes the role of Georgia as a valuable international partner, including in the evacuation process from Afghanistan, as well as in the high-level segment of the UN Climate Change Conference (COP26). Documents Similar News