10 October 2023 From 2 to 6 October 2023, within the framework of the visit of the interdepartmental delegation of Georgia to the Republic of Argentina, the representatives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs held meetings with members of the executive and legislative bodies of Argentina, as well as non-governmental organizations. The Georgian delegation was led by the Director of the Department of Americas, Giorgi Dolidze. On 3 October, the members of the Georgian delegation met with the Secretary of Foreign Policy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Cults of Argentina, Claudio Javier Rosenkweig, and the Secretary of Bilateral and Multilateral Economic Negotiations of the same agency, Ramiro Isidoro Ordoki.The sides discussed issues on the bilateral and multilateral agenda, the importance of deepening cooperation in the fields of politics, trade, economy, culture and education, as well as the need to expand the legal framework. Special attention was paid to measures to promote the increase of bilateral trade turnover. During the meetings, the sides exchanged information on experience in the field of agriculture; The growing role of Georgia as a regional hub and transport Discussions also focused on the ongoing cooperation within the international organizations, global and regional security issues and challenges. The Georgian delegation informed the Argentine side about the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The representatives of the Argentine Ministry of Foreign Affairs reaffirmed Argentina's unconditional support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. On 4 October, the Georgian delegation met with Senator Lucila Crexell , who heads the group of friendship with Georgia in the Senate of the National Congress of Argentina. The sides talked about the positive dynamics of the political dialogue between Georgia and Argentina, the close ties established between the legislative bodies of the two countries, the prospects of deepening trade and economic relations and mutual sharing of successful experience in various fields. The Georgian delegation thanked the representatives of the Senate for their unwavering support for the territorial integrity of Georgia. Within the framework of their visit to Buenos Aires, the members of the Georgian delegation held a meeting with the presidents and representatives of the "Argentine International Relations Council" (CARI), as well as the non-governmental organization "Argentina Global". Discussions focused on Georgia-Argentina cooperation and the possibilities of deepening relations between the two countries in different directions. Within the framework of the visit to Argentina, meetings were held with the heads of the Argentine Agricultural Association (RURAL), the National Service of Agri-Food Health and Quality (SENASA) and the Argentine Chamber of Commerce and Industry. At the meetings, the Georgian side got acquainted with the activities of these agencies, trends and relevant indicators in the Argentine economy and agriculture sectors. During the visit, members of the delegation attended an event dedicated to Georgia at the University of Salvador in Argentina; Also - the opening of the exhibition of the works of the Georgian-Argentinian artist Gocha Gaiozi in the City Council of Buenos Aires. Documents Similar News