1 November 2023 On 1 November 2023, the foreign ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Finland held another round of political consultations in Helsinki, headed by Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia from the Georgian side. The sides welcomed the close and friendly relations between the two countries based on common European values and interests. Special attention was paid to the importance of deepening the bilateral political dialogue and exchange of high-level visits between Georgia and Finland. The deputy minister noted Georgia’s desire to develop a dialogue on strategic issues of common interest with the countries of the Nordic region, as well as within the framework of the "Nordic-Baltic Eight". The sides noted with satisfaction the growing dynamics of bilateral trade and economic relations and expressed their readiness to encourage representatives of the business sector to fully utilize the potential between the countries. The Deputy Minister spoke about the attractive investment environment of Georgia. Teimuraz Janjalia informed the Finnish side about the implementation of the European Commission’s 12 recommendations by Georgia and spoke in detail about the reforms carried out by the Georgian side at the legislative and institutional level and the achieved results. The Georgian side expressed the hope that the European partners will properly evaluate Georgia's efforts and in December of this year will make a historic decision regarding the granting of candidate status to Georgia. In this context, the deputy minister emphasized the importance of the support of EU member states, including the Republic of Finland. In addition, the Georgian side provided detailed information to the Finnish side about the severe humanitarian situation in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation, gross violations of human rights and principles of international law. The Finnish side once again expressed its unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as for the country's European aspirations. The sides confirmed their willingness to continue close and mutually beneficial cooperation at both bilateral and multilateral levels. Documents Similar News