9 February 2022 The inauguration of the OSCE renewed European Security Dialogue was held on 8 February 2022. The process was initiated by the current Polish Presidency of the OSCE. The renewed dialogue will be conducted in three directions: confidence-building measures; Conflict prevention / management; Non-military aspects of security. The inaugural meeting of the Renewed European Security Dialogue was opened by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland, the OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Zbigniew Raum. The First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia addressed the event on behalf of the Georgian delegation. The First Deputy Foreign Minister focused on the current extremely difficult security situation in Europe, which is reflected in the ongoing occupation of Georgian territories by Russia and the mass military build-up near the Ukrainian border. It was noted that Russia's destructive actions aimed at dividing Europe in the Cold War-style “spheres of influence” can be seen as a continuation of Russia’s policy to redraw the interstate borders of Europe. Russia's destructive activities are directed not only against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova, but also pose a threat to the fundamental principles of European security as a whole. Lasha Darsalia stressed the need for the immediate withdrawal of the Russian occupation forces stationed in Georgia and Ukraine, noting that Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as its European and Euro-Atlantic integration are not up for negotiations. Lasha Darsalia also highlighted that Russia's deliberate actions have created the current vacuum in the arms control and security dimension. Over the years, Russia has been undermining existing security architecture by non-compliance with its commitments and weaponization of the arms control, disarmament, and confidence-building mechanisms. In his speech, the First Deputy Foreign Minister reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to engage in the renewed European security dialogue. Documents Similar News