30 April 2025 On 30 April 2025, the 1527th meeting of the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies of the Council of Europe reviewed the 31st Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe entitled “The Conflict in Georgia.” The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, participated in the meeting. The 31st Consolidated Report of the Secretary General describes the grave security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line. Issued biannually, the report covers the period from October 2024 to March 2025. The report was presented by the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Alain Berset, who welcomed Georgia’s policy of peaceful conflict resolution and reaffirmed the Council of Europe’s commitment to continue its work within its mandate, including the established practice of issuing consolidated reports. The Secretary General strongly condemned the deteriorating security, humanitarian, and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, as well as the killings of Georgian citizens. He expressed particular concern over the restricted access of international humanitarian mechanisms, including Council of Europe institutions, to the occupied territories. He also voiced his support for the Geneva International Discussions format and underscored the significance of the rulings delivered by the European Court of Human Rights. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia addressed the meeting participants, expressing gratitude to the Secretary General and the Committee of Ministers for adopting the consolidated report and for maintaining the issue of Georgia on the Council of Europe’s political agenda. He provided an overview of the situation on the ground during the reporting period, highlighting violations by the Russian Federation of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement and the intensification of its effective control over Georgian territory. He also discussed the ongoing dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions. Darsalia emphasized the importance of the rulings of the European Court of Human Rights, which confirm both the occupation of Georgian regions by the Russian Federation and its effective control over them. In conclusion, he reiterated the Georgian Government’s firm commitment to a peaceful resolution of the conflict. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the 31st Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and underscores the importance of keeping the issue on the Council of Europe’s political agenda. Documents Similar News