31 August 2017 31.08.2017, Budapest – The Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze met with his Hungarian counterpart Péter Szijjártó. The two Ministers spoke about the partner relations between Georgia and Hungary. Mikheil Janelidze described Hungary as an outstanding supporter of Georgia for such important issues as the European and Euro-Atlantic integration and sovereignty and territorial integrity of the country. The sides highlighted the increasing level of co-operation in the areas of trade, economy, education and people-to-people contacts. Mikheil Janelidze thanked the Hungarian side for the exchange programmes and scholarships offered ro Georgian students. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, the number of Georgian students studying in Hungary increased up to 80 in 2017. The two ministers discussed the high-level visits between the two countries taking special note of the Hungarian Prime Minister’s visit to Georgia in April as well as the visit of the Hungarian business delegation. Mikheil Janelidze noted with satisfaction that the Hungarian companies show an increased level of interest in Georgia’s investment environment. He expressed the readiness to host the next meeting of the intergovernment economic commission in Tbilisi. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration agenda expressing the hope that the eastern Patnership Summit scheduled for November 2017 will meet Georgia’s expectations and will give a fresh impulse to the partnership and contribute to the development of result-oriented co-operation. The Ministers spoke about the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories highlighting the European Union’s role in ensuring security and peaceful resolution of the conflict. Mikheil Janelidze thanked his Hungarian counterpart for Hungary’s active involvement in the EUMM and for placing the occupation of the Georgian territories high on the agenda of international organizations. The Georgian Vice Premier once again thanked the Hungarian Presidency and VG4 countries for their support for the Eastern Partnership underlining that such meetings, having already become regular, allow the parties to outline ways of effective co-operation for the future. Documents Similar News