5 May 2018 5.05.2018, Tbilisi – Europe as the choice of Georgia and the European Union as a unique association that ensured freedom, peace, the protection of human rights of each citizen, the rule of law and democracy – these are the themes which The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze highlighted at the official opening of the Days of Europe. In his remarks Mikheil Janelidze spoke about Georgia’s European affiliation and the common values it shares with Europe. According to him, Georgia is a European state and part of the European family and the European civilization. The EU values are in full line with Georgia’s interests that makes Georgia’s membership a real and irreversible prospect. Georgia is recognized by the EU as the leader of the European integration and one of the key partners in the areas of defence and security” – Janelidze said. The Georgian Foreign Minister paid special attention to Georgia’s progress on the path of European integration. According to him, “Never has Georgia been as close to the EU politically, economically, as well as in terms of integration and otherwise, as it is today”. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia’s European path does not stop there. “Rather, it continues until Georgia attains full membership. And this path is supported by the entire population of Georgia and by all state institutions”. To attain full membership of the EU Georgia pursues the path of substantial reforms. According to the Minister, the country successfully carries out the association agenda that ensures the strengthening of democratic institutions, sectoral rapprochement with the EU and the maximum integration of Georgia’s economy with the EU internal market. According to Mikheil Janelidze, the importance of Europe and the EU as unchallenged foreign policy course is further proved by the fact that “European future and integration is today enshrined in the constitution of Georgia and the government works on the roadmap which will facilitate Georgia’s further integration with Europe”. The European Days start in Tbilisi, on Sunday, 5 May, with the big celebration of the Europe Day at Rike Park. The event co-organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Information Centre on NATO and EU and the EU delegation to Georgia is held for the sixth time. Documents Similar News