24 March 2022 “The bonds connecting U.S. and Georgia are deeply rooted in shared values and love of freedom that both nations put above all. In the very first days of our independence, we have made a choice to follow the path towards the Western institutions. We will always remember that the U.S. stood firmly by Georgia’s side while we were taking first steps as a fully independent nation” – the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister of Georgia, David Zalkaliani said at a reception on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of Georgia-U.S. diplomatic relations. According to him, for a very young democracy this was an event of a historic significance that laid the foundation to the steadfast partnership between the two countries. Speaking about the challenges facing Georgia currently, the Minister is quoted as saying: “It is inconceivable that today, more than 30 years since regaining of independence, we are facing the same challenges and have to defend our freedom, democracy, independence and the right to choose our own place in the world community of civilized nations”. He also noted that “Georgia has formally applied for the EU membership and continues Euro-Atlantic integration as a NATO aspirant country. None of that would have been possible without the U.S.’ unwavering support and assistance to Georgia”. The Foreign Minister also spoke extensively about the assistance the U.S. has provided to Georgia over the past 30 years. Since the early 90s, the U.S. has been investing in infrastructure and education when it was a top priority for us to move forward. Over the years, thousands of Georgians participated in various exchange programs, including students completing their education in the U.S. institutions. “Our close cooperation in defense and security has been critical to strengthen readiness and capabilities of our defense forces. Friendship between our militaries was forged in various hot spots around the world. The recently signed memorandum on Georgia’s Defense and Deterrence Enhancement Initiative, which marks a new phase in our security cooperation, will further enhance Georgia’s readiness and defense” – David Zalkaliani said and adding The U.S. - Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership, signed in 2009 formalized our friendship and elevated partnership up to a new level. According to the Minister, Georgia remains committed to fully utilize the potential the U.S.-Georgia partnership provides, for the benefit of common interests. “In this decisive moment, steadfast partnership between our countries matters more than ever. Looking back at our joint accomplishments, I am confident that the best is yet to come in our cooperation. Let us continue working together to make our friendship even stronger in the years to come” – Zalkaliani said. Documents Similar News