2 February 2022 The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia met with the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the French Republic to Georgia, Diego Colas. The sides discussed the agenda of bilateral relations and plans for future cooperation. In this context, they welcomed the dynamics of strategic cooperation established between the two countries in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Special focus was put on the common values ​​and interests on which the relations between the Georgia and France are based. Special note was taken of the "Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French Dialogue", which contributes to the deepening of the political dialogue and sectoral cooperation between the two countries. The sides stressed the expediency of holding the second round of the dialogue this year. Emphasis was also placed on the importance of conducting high-level visits. The Deputy Minister expressed special gratitude for the assistance provided by the French Development Agency (AFD) over the years. The sides welcomed the cooperation agreement signed between Georgia and AFD for 2021-2023. In addition to the agenda of bilateral relations, the sides discussed and exchanged views on the situation in the region and security challenges, France's involvement in the de-escalation of the Ukraine crisis, Russian aggression against Georgia and the situation in the occupied territories. Discussions also focused on Georgia's priority foreign policy issues, such as EU integration and NATO membership, on which France's position and unwavering support are of critical importance. The initiative of the Associated Trio was underlined as a step taken by Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova towards greater integration with the European Union. The sides also reviewed the pandemic-related developments in Georgia and France. Teimuraz Janjalia and the French diplomat also assessed the vaccination process. At the end of the meeting, the sides reaffirmed their readiness to continue active cooperation in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Documents Similar News