6 November 2023 On 6 November 2023, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, held a meeting with the delegation of special representatives of the European Union and member states for Eastern Partnership. The delegation is led by the Special Representative of the EU for EaP, Dirk Schuebel. The special representative of Spain, as the current EU Presidency, Gabriel Cremades is also present in the delegation. The main issue discussions at the meeting was the format of Eastern Partnership and its future development. The Minister informed the members of the EU delegation about the implementation of the European Commission’s 12 recommendations. He spoke in detail on the reforms carried out by Georgia at the legislative and institutional level and on the results in this regard. At the meeting, the sides focused on the geopolitical challenges facing the region. In this context, special attention was paid to the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. Discussions focused on the role the European Union plays in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict through the EU Monitoring Mission, co-chairing of the Geneva International Discussions, and the policy of non-recognition and engagement. The Minister expressed the hope that Georgia's efforts will be properly assessed, European partners will make a historic decision and Georgia will be granted the candidate status this year. In this context, Ilia Darchiashvili paid particular attention to the importance of support from the EU member states. The ambassadors welcomed granting Georgia a European perspective and Georgia’s progress achieved on the path of European integration. The participants of the meeting emphasized the importance of continuing the European transformation and modernization process for the successful implementation of the ambitious agenda of Georgia's rapprochement with the European Union. It should be noted that the visit of the delegation of 20 EU member states carries a special importance and represents yet another clear example of political support from the European Union in such an important period for the country. Within the framework of the visit, the EU delegation will meet with representatives of the executive and legislative authorities of Georgia, as well as with civil society. The EU ambassadors will also visit the occupation line to explore the security situation on the spot. Documents Similar News