12 August 2021 On 12 August 2021, the OSCE Permanent Council met to discuss, at the initiative of the Georgian delegation, Russia’s large-scale military aggression against Georgia and occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Georgia’s Permanent Representative to OSCE, Ketevan Tsikhelashvili highlighted that 13 years ago Russia posed a serious threat to European security and the rules-based international order by violating the internationally recognized borders of the sovereign state. Moreover, Russia still continues to defy the EU-mediated Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008, and expanding military build-up of the occupied regions, Russia is taking steps towards their actual annexation. Recalling the judgment of the European Court of Human Rights, the Georgian Ambassador stated that as in effective control of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, Russia has been recognized as responsible for grave human rights violations both during the August 2008 war and following the occupation. According to Ketevan Tsikhelashvili, fortification of the occupation line through installation of barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers, as well as illegal detentions of local residents still continue to be reported. The Georgian ambassador, in this context, stressed the necessity to immediately release Irakli Bebua, Gennady Bestaev and other Georgian citizens illegally detained by the occupation regime. She spoke extensively on the difficult humanitarian situation and human rights violations on the ground, including restrictions of freedom of movement and closures of border checkpoints, discrimination against ethnic Georgians, prohibition on education in residents’ native language. Even amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia does not seem to give up on its provocative actions. Quite the contrary: it actively uses tools of hybrid warfare against Georgia. The Georgian Ambassador expressed her concern over Russia’s restricting an access to international human rights monitoring mechanisms, including to EUMM, to the occupied territories, as well as over Russia’s refusal to create international security mechanisms on the ground. The Georgian delegation highlighted the importance of the Geneva International Discussions, and the need to achieve progress on such issues as the non-use of force commitment, creation of international security mechanisms on the ground and return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin. According to Ambassador Tsikhelashvili, notwithstanding serious humanitarian and security challenges, the Georgian Government remains committed to the peaceful conflict resolution agenda and democratic development processes. In this light, she spoke about the development of a comprehensive “State Strategy for de-occupation and peaceful conflict resolution” as part of unique whole-of-nation process aimed at results-oriented and inclusive peace policy. The EU, Turkish and Ukrainian delegation made statements in support for Georgia during the meeting. The Group of Friends of Georgia also delivered a Joint statement on behalf of Bulgaria, Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Romania, Sweden, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. They reaffirmed their support for Georgia’s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. In their joint statement, the delegations of the Group of Friends express their concern over the continued occupation of parts of the territory of Georgia and the intensified provocations by the Russian Federation. They condemn the so-called borderization process, which violates the rights of local residents, including freedom of movement. Referring to the January 2021 judgment of the European Court of Human Rights, the Group of Friends calls on Russia to fully comply with norms of international law and the judgment, The delegations call upon the Russian Federation to fulfill immediately its clear obligation under the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement to withdraw its forces to pre-conflict positions. They also reaffirm their unwavering support to the international monitoring mechanisms and the EU Monitoring Mission (EUMM) and call upon the Russian Federation to allow them to implement their mandate in full, including by enabling their access to the occupied territories. The Group of Friends delegations express their support for the peace initiative of the Government of Georgia, ‘A Step to a Better Future’, aimed at fostering confidence building among divided communities to the benefit of all affected people. Documents Similar News