29 April 2021 The Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) and Eastern Partnership Countries met under the Polish Presidency of the Visegrad Group on April 29, 2021. The Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani also participated in the meeting, after which, Joint Statement of the Foreign Ministers of the Visegrad Group on the Eastern Partnership was adopted. Based on the Statement, the V4 Ministers reaffirmed their strong support for the Eastern Partnership as a strategic dimension of the European Neighborhood Policy and pointed to its key role for stability, security and economic prosperity in the region. They called on the EU institutions to keep the Eastern Partnership high on the EU’s agenda, stressing that political association and economic integration of the Eastern Partners with the EU remain the main goal of the Partnership. The Ministers agreed that the Summit Declaration should reflect different aspirations of the Partner Countries and offer a European perspective to Associated countries, in accordance with their individual choices. The Ministers expressed their support for economic and sectoral integration between the EU and Partner Countries. They endorsed the vision of a gradual access of Partners to the EU Single Market up to the levels recognized as mutually beneficial. The V4 Ministers took note and appreciated the non-paper by Georgia, Ukraine and the Republic of Moldova on the future of the Partnership aiming for their deeper engagement with the EU within the existing EaP framework. The Ministers agreed that the most advanced countries, aspiring for a deepened cooperation with the EU, should be offered further possibilities of closer integration. The Ministers stressed their firm support to the unity, sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of Partner Countries within their internationally recognized borders. They emphasized the urgency of settlement of unresolved conflicts in the territory of Eastern Partners with respect to human rights and on the basis of the norms and principles of the international law. Given the growing security challenges relevant both to the EU and to the Eastern Partners, the Ministers underlined that the broad concept of security should play a more prominent role in the future agenda of the Partnership and should be transformed into concrete activities. The Ministers called for a successful rollout of COVID-19 support to the region, including vaccines, notably through the COVAX Facility. Documents Similar News