4 December 2018 “The fact that the North-Atlantic Council will meet with the Georgian and Ukrainian foreign ministers within the framework of the NATO ministerial meeting points to how high Georgia is on the NATO political agenda” – the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said. According to him, this meeting acquires all the greater importance against the background of the international community focused on the security environment in the Black Sea region. “It is important that during the Ministerial and the Summit a separate meeting will be held with Georgia and Ukraine. It is important that the meeting will be focused on the context of the regional security. Special accents will be made on the issues related with the Black Sea security. We have achieved tangible results at the previous NATO Summit when Georgia and Ukraine have participated in an unprecedented format and a special declaration has been also adopted with regard to the practical cooperation on the Black Sea. We will discuss the above issues, on how we should put these decisions into a practical dimension. The very fact that the North Atlantic Council will hold a meeting with Georgia and Ukraine within the framework of the NATO Ministerial, is yet another proof of Georgia’s high role in the political agenda of the NATO,” – the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani stated in Brussels while commenting on the upcoming meeting of the North Atlantic Council with Georgia and Ukraine scheduled within the framework of the NATO Ministerial. According to Zalkaliani the meeting will focus on a full spectrum of issues relating to Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration process. “We have tangible results in terms of implementing practical instruments and it is important that these results translate into political dimension and membership” – Zalkaliani said. As the Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted, attention of NATO partners will be focused on the situation in Georgia’s occupied regions and the Georgian Government’s peace initiatives. The Georgian Foreign Minister is in Brussels to attend the NATO Foreign Ministerial meeting on 4 and 5 December. Documents Similar News