27 April 2022 On 27 April 2022, bilateral political consultations were held in Bratislava between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia led the Georgian delegation. On the sidelines of the consultations, meetings were held with the StateSecretaries of the Slovak Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs - Martin Klus and Ingrid Brocková. The issues on the agenda of Georgia-Slovakia bilateral cooperation were discussed in detail during the meetings. Discussions focused on high-level visits planned in the near future, as well as on the importance of further intensifying contacts between the line ministries. The sides reviewed the current state and prospects of sectoral cooperation in the fields of trade, economics, tourism and defence. They put emphasis on the importance of promoting investments and strengthening links between the business communities. The consultations focused on Slovakia's development cooperation projects in Georgia. The sides highlighted that Slovakia’s support and experience greatly benefit Georgia's European integration process. Stresseing that Georgia is actively working on the EU self-assessment questionnaire, Teimuraz Janjalia noted that the strong support from the partners, including in terms of expert assistance, is crucial for the implementation of Georgia's priorities. The Slovak side welcomed Georgia's application for EU membership and reaffirmed its readiness to actively continue supporting Georgia's European integration. Special attention was paid to the process of Georgia's integration into NATO and the special importance of the partners' support. Teimuraz Janjalia discussed with his Slovak colleagues the security environment complicated by Russia's military aggression in Ukraine. He stressed that Georgia too had come under Russian aggression ending in the occupation of the two Georgian regions and causing hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes due to ethnic cleansing. The Deputy Foreign Minister provided detailed information about Russia's provocative actions and the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories. It was highlighted that the active position of the partners is of special importance in the given difficult situation. During the meetings, representatives of the Slovak Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Affairs expressed their unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Consultations focused on deepening cooperation in regional formats and putting forth Georgia's priorities. The sides discussed issues of cooperation and mutual support of candidates in international organizations. They noted with satisfaction the successful experience of mutually beneficial cooperation in this regard. The sides agreed to continue close cooperation and regular communication in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Documents Similar News