3 March 2021 The Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, held an official visit to the Republic of Turkey. Within the framework of the visit the Vice Prime Minister held a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Turkey, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu. During the meeting of the Foreign Minister issues relevant to the bilateral agenda were discussed, along with the challenges, threats and prospects faced by the region. The existing strategic partnership between the two states was underscored, with a particular emphasis being made on existing economic projects, which ensure stable development of the region, elevating its significance to strategic levels. The Georgian Vice Prime Minister expressed his gratitude towards Turkey for the unwavering support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, along with the staunch support in terms of Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The parties discussed the significance of the high-level strategic partnership council of Georgia and Turkey, expressing hope that the session delayed due to the pandemic will take place soon, allowing for further deepening of relations between the two states, increasing the degree of cooperation between inter-state institutions. Particular emphasis was made on the successful cooperation of the two states in the fields of politics, trade, economy, transportation, energy, defence and security, culture, as well as humanitarian issues. Issues associated with the dimensions of trade and economy, transport and energy were discussed in detail. It was noted with satisfaction that Turkey represents one of the main trading partners of Georgia, underscoring that more efforts are needed to increase Georgian exports to the Turkish markets. The parties welcomed the liberalisation of tariffs conducted within the framework of the signing of the free trade agreement, along with steps taken in terms of the activation of the diagonal cumulation between Georgia, Turkey and the EU. The aforementioned agreement further increases Georgian and Turkish exports to the EU common market. The significance of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil and the Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum gas pipelines along with the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars project was noted. It was stated that the realisation of southern energy corridors will further solidify security of the region, ensuring additional volumes of energy resources of the Caspian basin for the European markets. In terms of multilateral relations the parties welcomed the existing trilateral cooperation format of the region connecting Azerbaijan-Georgia-Turkey, which bears prospects of development. The parties agreed to support the deepening of regional cooperation via the means of the aforementioned format. The developments taking place in Southern Caucasus were also discussed. The unambiguous support for peaceful resolution of conflicts was underscored. In this regard, satisfaction was expressed in terms of the establishment of peace in Nagorno-Karabakh. The discussion also touched upon the issue of new regional initiatives. It was noted that any type of initiative must be based upon and implemented with the principles of mutual respect, equality, sovereignty, territorial integrity of all parties involved. Additionally, Minister Zalkaliani made particular emphasis on the fact that regional states must be open for cooperation with both European partners as well as partners from Asia, with the actual cooperation focusing on economic projects, which would support sustainable development of the region, while strengthening economic ties between Europe and Asia. Towards the end of the meeting the parties expressed readiness to further strengthen the existing strategic partnership between the two states. Documents Similar News