2 December 2019 2.12.2019, France –Paris hosted the inaugural meeting of the French-Georgian Dimitri Amilakhvari dialogue where the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani focused his attention, among other issues, on the illegal detention of Vazha Gaprindashvili and the security situation on the European continent. Peace and security in Europe would hardly be conceivable without Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova” – Zalkaliani said. “Our relationship with France dating back to the distant past has transformed and advanced to an absolutely new level, leading us to launch the format of strategic dialogue between the two countries. This platform gives both Georgia and France a unique chance to discuss and further upgrade their cooperation in the political, defence, security, trade-economic, education or cultural fields” – the Georgian Foreign Minister said at the inaugural meeting, which was attended by his French counterpart, Jean-Yves Le Drian. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia-France relations are dynamic and the French-Georgian Dimitri Amilakhvari dialogue is oriented towards identifying new ideas and opportunities. He thanked France for its firm support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity recalling with gratitude France’s mediation efforts during the Russia-Georgia war in 2008. “France stood by our country through our hardest days when Russia launched a full-scale military aggression against Georgia in August 2008. The French EU Presidency mediated the ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008 between Georgia and Russia. However, 11 years since the Russia-Georgia war, Russia still refuses to fulfill the ceasefire deal and 20 per cent of the Georgian territories remain occupied by the country” - Zalkaliani said. He spoke extensively about the alarming security and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. “It’s alarming that 30 years since the collapse of the Berlin Wall we have to speak about barbed-wire-fences cutting the territories of Georgia, Ukraine and Europe, about Tatunashvili and Otkhozoria - the people whose lives were claimed by occupation forces, about a half million people in Georgia who were forced to leave their homes due to ethnic cleansing and are unable to return back to Georgia’s two Russian-occupied regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. The occupation regime went even so far as to detain the famous doctor Vazha Gaprindashvili” - Zalkaliani said. According to him, facing the challenges, the active, effective, principal steps of the international community, especially the EU member states, France among them, play a vital role, as ensuring peace and stability in Europe is only possible together with Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. “Of particular importance is France’s support for Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration being the historic choice of Georgia and an essential prerequisite of its development and stability” – Zalkaliani added. In his inaugural address, the Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted Georgia’s important contribution towards maintaining international peace and stability. He also recalled that the Head of Georgia’s Defence Forces Vladimer Chachibaia was awarded Medal of Commander of the Legion of Honor of France for his firm support for Georgian-French friendship and cooperation; National Defence Medals were also awarded to two Georgian officers for their participation in the EU-led peace missions in Central Africa and Mali. Participants of the inaugural meeting paid special tribute to the memory of Dimitri Amilakhvari, the French National Hero andLieutenant Colonelof theFrench Foreign Legion. GeneralCharles De Gaullenamed him the "honour of France" in his memoirs. Zalkaliani highlighted France’s special role in securing the recognition of the First Democratic Republic of Georgia and its independence. France was the country that offered asylum to the then government in exile. He thanked the French counterpart, Jean-Yves Le Drian for marking the 100th anniversary of the first democratic republic of Georgia. The first working meeting of the French-Georgian Dimitri Amilakhvari dialogue was attended by the deputy ministers of economy and sustainable development; education, science, culture and sport; environmental protection and agriculture; IDPs from the occupied territories, labour, health and social affairs of Georgia and the deputy Tbilisi mayor. Joint-Declaration-on-Inaugural-Meeting-of-Dimitri-Amilakhvari-Franco-Georgian-Dialogue”.pdf Declaration-commune-sur-le-Lancement-du-Dialogue-structure-franco-georgien.pdf Documents Similar News