22 December 2021 The Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Garibashvili spoke before the participants of the opening session of 2021 Ambassadors' Annual Conference - Georgia's Foreign Policy against the Background of New Geopolitical Challenges. He thanked the Georgian Foreign Ministry and Foreign Minister for their special efforts to strengthen Georgia in the face of the global pandemic and geopolitical challenges, by assisting Georgian citizens living abroad, incluidng by locating and delivering the vaccines and medical equipment to them. “You demonstrated high-calibre professionalism in these difficult conditions, thereby serving as an example of solidarity and successful cooperation to the entire international community. You truly managed to achieve the impossible and I wish to once again express gratitude to all of you on behalf of our government and from me personally. I thank the Minister and each one of you” The Head of State highlighted the importance of diplomats’ performance, partners’ engagement and international efforts for overcoming the pandemic and its consequences. He underlined the need to intensify democratic reforms and position Georgia stronger on the international arena. Garibashvili highly appraised 6thEastern Partnership Summit where a new and ambitious agenda was developed, short- and medium-term goals were defined and a new regional investment plan of the EU was presented for implementation. The Prime Minister highlighted the Georgian government’s and the Georgian people’s commitment to NATO integration and to the goal of regaining the territorial integrity and de-occupation of our country. Speaking extensively about the situation in the region, Georgia’s mediation efforts and the Peaceful Neighbourhood Initiative, Garibashvili shared with the diplomats Georgia’s vision of economic and social development and paied special attention to the Georgian government’s cooperation with one of the largest companies - The Rotschild, which aims to gradually transform Georgia and to position it as a financial hub of the region attracting foreign direct investments (FDI) and new financial resources into the country. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked the Prime Minister for his active support of the Georgian diplomatic service in the effective implementation of Georgia’s foreign policy tasks, as well as in its everyday activities. Documents Similar News