26 September 2022 On 26 September 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia, held a meeting with the delegates of Council Working PartyonEastern EuropeandCentral Asia(COEST). The participants of the meeting focused on the dynamics of EU-Georgia relations, in which the European Council's decision to grant Georgia a European perspective proved to be a turning point. The COEST delegation positively assessed a series of reforms carried out by Georgia and its progress in terms of fulfilling the obligations under the Association Agreement and the Association Agenda. The COEST delegation also welcomed the launch of consultations in the Parliament on the implementation of the European Commission’s recommendations and emphasized the need to ensure the most inclusive process for this purpose. COEST members expressed their support for the country's European future and pledged to provide Georgia with expert assistance in this process. Teimuraz Janjalia informed COEST members about the country's progress in the process of European integration and confirmed that Georgia continues to effectively implement the Association Agreement, including Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area component, which brings concrete results for the country and the population. Discussions focused on the growing trade between Georgia and the European Union, as well as on the development of connectivity, which will strengthen the country's transit role and create new opportunities to deepen energy, transport and digital connections with the European Union. The sides highlighted the need to intensify cooperation with the European Union in the field of security and defense. Special attention was also paid to the current situation in the occupied regions and the European Union’s role in ensuring the stability of the region. The EU side reaffirmed its firm support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within the internationally recognized borders. Documents Similar News