7 March 2025 As part of the official visit of the Prime Minister of Georgia to Turkmenistan, the Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili, held a meeting with her Turkmen counterpart, the Deputy Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Turkmenistan, Rashid Meredov. During the meeting, both parties positively assessed the existing political relations and emphasized the importance of high-level visits. Particular attention was given to the meeting between the Prime Minister of Georgia and the President of Turkmenistan at the highest level. The parties discussed key issues of bilateral cooperation between Georgia and Turkmenistan. Special emphasis was placed on collaboration within international organizations, as well as the achievements and prospects for partnership in trade and economic relations, transport, and the energy sector. A significant focus was placed on the Black Sea-Caspian Sea transport and transit project. The discussion also addressed the Black Sea Submarine Cable Project, in which, according to the Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Georgia will play a crucial strategic role. Both parties underscored the importance of regional peace and stability, as well as the productive cooperation between the two countries at both bilateral level and within international organizations. Additionally, they highlighted the long-standing, friendly nature of their relations. The Turkmen Minister of Foreign Affairs expressed gratitude to his Georgian counterpart for Georgia’s support of Turkmenistan on international platforms. He particularly emphasized the friendly and trust-based partnership between the two nations and reaffirmed Turkmenistan’s unwavering support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. As part of the visit, the Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs signed the following documents: The Cooperation Program between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkmenistan for 2025-2026 The Agreement between the Government of Georgia and the Government of Turkmenistan on Cooperation and Administrative Mutual Assistance in the Field of Customs Documents Similar News