15 December 2022 During his visit to Tokyo, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ilia Darchiashvili was hosted by his Japanese counterpart, Hayashi Yoshimasa. The Minister thanked his colleague for his hospitality and emphasized the outstanding Georgia-Japan friendship and partnership, to which attests 30 years of diplomatic relations between the two countries. The Ministers welcomed the high-level contacts between the two countries, which contribute to the deepening and activation of cooperation in various fields. The sides also focused on the partnership based on common values and potential areas of cooperation such as economy, connectivity, sustainable development, energy security, climate change, cultural and people-to-people ties. Talking points included the security environment in the region, the growing economic development of Georgia in the light of current challenges, and the country's European and Euro-Atlantic integration agenda. The sides also highlighted the South Caucasus region’s growing role against the background of the existing challenges, taking into account Georgia’s important transit and energy function. Georgia has a large and stable investment potential, and the Japanese side is interested in developing cooperation in this regard. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked the Japanese side for its strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. At the meeting, he especially noted the assistance provided by the Japanese government to Georgia in various sectors, thus making a significant contribution to the development of our country since the restoration of independence. The ministers welcomed the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries and noted the important events that were held in both countries to mark the jubilee event. Within the framework of the meeting, the foreign ministers of the two countries also signed a memorandum on the transfer of fire fighting vehicles to Georgia. Documents Similar News