24 October 2018 24.10.2018, Poland – Georgia’s peace policy, the European and Euro-Atlantic integration process as a cornerstone of the development of the country, the challenges facing the region and Russia’s aggression against Georgia were the key points highlighted by the Georgian Foreign Minister, Davit Zalkaliani when speaking before the Warsaw Security Forum, which he attended along with his Polish, Lithuanian and Ukrainian counterparts. While on the theme of European security and Russia’s destructive policy, Zalkaliani brought to the attention of the Forum’s participants Russia’s aggression against Georgia in 2008 which still continues to be the case. According to the Foreign Minister, by recognizing the independence of Georgia’s two occupied regions, Russia ties to impose the so-called new reality on the international community that is totally unacceptable. “Unfortunately this occupation still continues, we are facing the process of factual annexation of both Abkhazia and Tskinvali regions and the new narrative the Russian federation is trying to disseminate among international community that Georgia is different, that this is not Ukraine and it’s a new reality from their perspective what is happening in Georgia. And the new reality is that there are two so-called independent states, the Tskhinvali and Abkhazia and their advice to Georgians is better to deal with this new reality, to live with this new reality. This cannot be accepted, first of all by us, by international community, we should not turn blind eye to these illegal activities, what Russia is doing on our occupied territories” – Zalkaliani said According to him, Russia continues to build up its military bases in Georgia’s occupied territories thus posing a threat to the security of the entire region, and in particular, of the Black Sea region. The Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted that Georgia’s response to the occupation is the peaceful policy and peace initiatives aimed at sharing the benefits of Georgia’s European integration with the population on the other side of the occupation line. Identifying the European and Euro-Atlantic integration as the main vector for the development of the country, David Zalkaliani said that Georgia’s aspiration to the EU and NATO is enshrined in the Constitution of Georgia and figures among the 5 key priorities of the Government’s programme. “The process of European integration, the process itself is really very interesting and helpful. We understand that association agreement which was signed back in 2014 together with DCFTA is not a membership agreement. Rather, it is an agreement of Georgia’s gradual economic and political association with Europe but this process helps us to strengthen our state institutions to build vibrant democratic society where human rights are protected, where national minority rights are protected, the country which is fighting with corruption and this is our offer and our Europeanisation process is offer to people living on the other side of occupation line” – Zalkaliani said. The Minister underlined Georgia’s significant progress on this path and said that a differentiated approach to the Eastern Partnership countries is essential for the further development of this format. Speaking before the Warsaw Security Forum, David Zalkaliani highlighted Georgia’s outstanding role in the diversification of energy sources. According to him, the EU needs to make greater focus on the region and use all the opportunities offered by Georgia, as well as the Central Asian Countries. “Much focus needs to be done from our European partners on the region. It is a well-known fact that Georgia is an important transit country. It has an important geo-political location and many big strategic energy projects are going through Georgian territory. Georgia connects the Caspian oil- and gas-rich region to Europe and it’s really important to intensify engagement by the European Union with the countries of the region. Georgia is the gateway to the eight landlocked countries and I believe that much engagement from the European Union to the Central Asian countries is really important” – Zalkaliani said when speaking at the session of the Foreign Ministers within the margins of the Warsaw Security Forum. Documents Similar News