9 August 2021 Presenting the 10-year Plan of Action of the Georgian Foreign Ministry, the Vice Prime Minister/ Minister of Foreign Affairs David Zalkaliani started his speech by referring to the 13th anniversary of the August war and Russia’s aggression against Georgia. “13 years ago, we witnessed Russia’s attack against the rules-based international order and an attempt to forcefully redraw national borders of a sovereign state in Europe, subsequently followed by the annexation of Crimea, developments in Eastern Ukraine and the use of Russia’s hybrid warfare instruments in other countries” – the Minister said. According to him, such activities from Russia turned the European security system upside down, creating hotspots of instability across the Black Sea Region. “It is important to highlight that through the Georgian Government’s dedicated efforts and after submission of irrefutable evidence, the European Court of Human Rights gave an international legal assessment to the developments that took place 13 years ago and established that Russia as the State occupying Georgia’s Tskhinvali and Abkhazia regions and exercising an effective control over them is responsible for the gross violation of human rights both during and following the August 2008 war” – Zalkaliani added. The Minister spoke extensively on the challenges created by the occupation across the territory of Georgia, as well as for the population of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. “Our Abkhaz and Ossetian citizens are deprived of the opportunity to enjoy Georgia’s important achievements, and primarily of the benefits Georgia derives from democratization, development, European and Euro-Atlantic integration” - Zalkaliani noted. According to him: It is absolutely unacceptable and inconceivable that in the 21st century the occupying force is building new Berlin walls in the midst of Georgia, to the east of Europe”. According to the Foreign Minister, “the Government of Georgia spares no efforts to ensure that through the support of international community and their effective engagement, we achieve the de-occupation of the Georgian territories, peaceful resolution of the conflict, reconciliation of the communities torn apart by the occupation lines and the unification of the country”. “We recently launched an important process by creating the governmental commission for elaboration and implementation of Strategy for De-occupation and Peaceful Conflict Resolution. This is going to be a whole-of-nation process involving not only state institutions and executive and legislative branches of the government but also the general public – representatives of think tanks, NGOs, experts, academic circles, internally displaced persons and conflict-affected communities and most importantly citizens residing on the other side of the occupation line” – Zalkaliani highlighted. Documents Similar News