1 August 2017 1.08.2017, Tbilisi - SSA Marine, one of the largest American companies, will become the operator of Anaklia Port Terminal and one of its investors, a relevant agreement was signed today at the Administration of the Government of Georgia. The signing ceremony was attended by Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili. Along with the Conti Group, SSA Marine is the second American giant to invest heavily in the development of the Anaklia Port. SSA Marine, one of the largest global operators, runs over 250 strategic terminals in five continents and serves 27.2 million containers (TEU) annually. SSA Marine introduces modern innovative technology standards in design, operating, and project development. Before the signing ceremony, Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili held a meeting with SSA Marine's Vice President Robert Watters and the founders of the Anaklia Development Consortium. The parties discussed Anaklia Port-related issues, Georgia-US economic partnership, and Georgia's attractive investment environment. The Prime Minister emphasized the US Vice President's visit and the importance of America's support for Georgia. "Very important is the visit of the Vice President of the United States, and Georgia is grateful for the vitally important support of the US. We all heard the strongest messages of the US support for Georgia, which is another reassurance, another guarantee for the success of US-Georgia economic cooperation. We are really committed to bringing more economic substance to our bilateral strategic cooperation, and this is not another but one of the most important evidence of this excellent cooperation," the Prime Minister stated during the meeting. Robert Watters thanked the Head of Georgian Government for his support since the very outset. The Anaklia Deep Sea Port Project launched in 2016. The Anaklia Development Consortium developed the Anaklia Port's master plan and preliminary design, also conducting over 50 terrain, water and environment, and engineering analyses for different directions of construction. Work is already underway on a strategy for the development of the city of Anaklia and the special economic zone. Construction work on the Anaklia Port is expected to launch in the second half of 2017. Documents Similar News