13 September 2022 Within the framework of his visit to Berlin, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili met with his German counterpart, the Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs,Annalena Baerbock. The Ministers reviewed the upcoming visit of the Georgian Prime Minister to Germany and his planned meetings with both the German Chancellor and the Federal President, and expressed the hope that the visit will take the partnership between the two countries to an even higher level. At the meeting, the German side once again emphasized the importance of strengthening the close partnership with Georgia. The Ministers highlighted the importance of Germany-Georgia cooperation on the backdrop of the current geopolitical situation in the Black Sea region and the world, and noted the special importance of the support of Germany as a leading EU and NATO member. Ilia Darchiashvili extended his gratitude for Germany’s political and practical support to Georgia over the years, with Baerbock once again confirming Berlin's support for Georgia’s European integration, sovereignty and territorial integrity. The German diplomat also underlined Georgia’s important role in ensuring peace and stability in the region and welcomed the efforts of the Georgian Government in this regard, including the Prime Minister's South Caucasus Initiative and the meeting held in Tbilisi between the Ministers of Azerbaijan and Armenia. The sides positively assessed the European Commission's decision to grant Georgia a European perspective and exchanged information on Georgia's implementation of the European Commission's recommendations.As the German diplomat noted, Berlin supports Georgia's European integration and remains committed to provide practical assistance to Georgia on this path. The Ministers also spoke about the EU-Georgia Association Council and its results, including specific initiatives and programs aimed to bring Georgia closer to the EU area. Discussions also focused on the ongoing and planned reforms within the scope of the Association Agreement and on the path of Georgia’s integration into the European Union. Special attention was paid to the importance of further deepening economic cooperation. The sides highlighted Georgia’s important role in ensuring energy security and Germany's interest in helping Georgia in this regard. The Ministers noted with satisfaction the closer people-to-people ties and the growing level of German tourists’ interest in Georgia. According to them, Georgia's participation as guest of honor in "ITB Berlin 2023" will further enhance this interest. Ilia Darchiashvili and Annalena Baerbock welcomed the signing of the Cultural Cooperation Agreement between Georgia and Germany, which will further contribute to the deepening of people-to-people ties. At the end of the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili invited the Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany to visit Georgia. Documents Similar News