22 October 2021 On 21 October 2021, Vienna hosted a meeting of the OSCE Permanent Council where the Permanent Representative of Georgia to the OSCE, Ambassador Ketevan Tsikhelashvili, briefed the OSCE participating States on the 54th round of the Geneva International Discussions. According to her, there has been no progress on the key issues on the negotiating agenda - non-use of force and international security mechanisms, as well as the safe and dignified return of refugees and internally displaced persons. According to the ambassador, the Georgian side stressed the need for non-use of force pledge by Russia. She highlighted that the only way to achieve ceasefire and non-use of force is by deploying international security mechanisms in the occupied territories. The Georgian delegation noted that during the round, the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes again politicized the issue of return of IDPs to their homes and again walked out of the meeting. The ambassador said that the Geneva talks focused on Russia's intensified efforts towards de facto annexation process, including illegal annexation of part of the Aibga village, as well as on the holding of Russian State Duma elections in the occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. She highlighted the aggravated humanitarian situation in the occupied territories, human rights violations, restrictions of free movement and illegal detention of Georgian citizens, in particular the need for the unconditional release of Irakli Bebua and other illegally detained Georgian citizens. Statements in support for Georgia were made by the delegations of the European Union, the United States, Great Britain, Turkey and Ukraine. The speakers reaffirmed their support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders and called on Russia to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008. Delegations expressed concern over the increasing number of illegal detentions across the administrative border. They called for an immediate end to this practice and the release of those held in illegitimate custody. Negative consequences of the so-called borderization were also highlighted. Particular emphasis was placed on the closure of the occupation line in the direction of the Tskhinvali region. They noted the resumption of movement on the Enguri Bridge and called for the opening of so-called checkpoints in both occupied regions. The speakers noted the need for access to international security and human rights mechanisms in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. In this context, it was stated that the EUMM, in accordance with its mandate, should be given an access to these regions. The delegations also reminded the Russian Federation of the 2021 judgement of the European Court of Human Rights in the Georgia vs Russia case and called for its implementation. Documents Similar News