22 April 2021 Within the framework of his visit to Romania, the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, met with his Turkish counterpart, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu. The Ministers welcomed the participation of Georgia and Ukraine in the trilateral ministerial between Romania-Poland-Tukey, providing a good opportunity to discuss issues of regional security, including the support of Georgia and Ukraine on behalf of members of NATO. The head of the Georgian Foreign Ministry, once again, expressed gratitude towards the staunch support of Turkey in terms of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as sovereignty and territorial integrity and for maintaining such issues on high political levels. The Ministers underscored the significance of the strategic partnership between Georgia and Turkey in terms of stability and sustainable development of the region, including strategic infrastructural projects, which are implemented bilaterally. Current issues of Southern Caucasus were discussed as well as the security environment, underscoring unwavering support of peaceful development of the region. The parties, once again, welcomed the initiative of Georgia in terms of the peace platform between Azerbaijan-Georgia-Armenia. The Georgian party, once again, confirmed its official position in terms of various regional formats, noting that all involved parties are supposed to act in a constructive manner, respecting sovereignty and territorial integrity of all states. During the discussion regarding regional security issues particular attention was paid to the situation in Ukraine, along with the occupied regions of Georgia. The Ministers provided a positive assessment of the bilateral relations despite the global pandemic, in terms of the dynamics of high-level meetings, high-level visits held concerning various fields of cooperation and agreements made between the two countries. The parties expressed readiness to actively work in order to hold the strategic council as soon as possible. 154Temo Sukhitashvili, Bela Gomurashviliდა152 სხვა 12 გაზიარება მომწონს კომენტარი გაზიარება Documents Similar News