30 December 2024 "Realizing our country’s pivotal function and assuming the role of a bridge between the West and the East has never been more relevant. Building this bridge requires an accurate assessment of the geopolitical context and significant effort to ensure our country reaps maximum benefits," stated Georgia's Minister of Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili, during her address at the closing ceremony of the Ambassadors' Conference. The Foreign Minister emphasized the crucial role of diplomats in fostering relationships with partners and effectively countering disinformation campaigns about Georgia. “Over the past two days, we extensively discussed the foreign policy priorities reflected in the agenda of the Georgian government. We addressed challenges that are often artificially created to hinder our genuine constitutional aspirations. Our primary concern remains the fight against occupation and the use of all international legal mechanisms to fully exploit every peaceful avenue for the reunification of our country. Unwarranted and often baseless criticism of Georgia, as well as unfair actions directed toward us, cast a shadow over our strategic partnerships and relations with the countries we aspire to align with. Diplomats play a key role in guiding these relationships and tackling disinformation campaigns about Georgia. Realizing our nation’s pivotal function and assuming the role of a bridge between the West and the East has never been more relevant. Building this bridge requires an accurate assessment of the geopolitical context and significant effort to ensure our country reaps maximum benefits. The steps Georgia has taken and its progress must not go unnoticed by the international community. To this end, we must more actively leverage the opportunities provided by our memberships in international organizations. Safeguarding the interests of our compatriots and facilitating their connection to their homeland should remain a daily priority for Georgian diplomats. In recent times, Georgia’s diplomatic service has become the target of overt and unrestrained attacks, underscoring its critical importance. Only through our collective effort and tireless work can we ensure that Georgia’s voice is heard globally in a manner befitting our homeland. Once again, I extend my heartfelt gratitude to everyone for their active participation in the 2024 Ambassadors' Conference, and I wish you continued success in your endeavors to protect and promote our nation’s interests," concluded the Foreign Minister. Documents Similar News