1 March 2019 1.03.2019, Tbilisi – “Georgia achieved tangible results by using unprecedented formats, including the high-level EU-Georgia Dialogue” - Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said following the joint meeting of the Commissions on NATO and EU Integration. According to David Zalkaliani, the members of the Commission discussed in detail the implementation of the visa-free travel with the EU, emphasizing that along with practical importance the visa-free regime has a political meaning as well, and the government spares no efforts to achieve its smooth functioning. “Special attention was paid to visa liberalization as one of the main gains on the path of EU integration. We immediately respond to any concern of our European partners regarding violation of visa procedures and the growth of asylum seekers. We spoke about the existing action plan in this regard and a number of preventive steps that need to be taken to ensure that Georgian citizens do not abuse their right to visa-free travel” – David Zalkaliani said. According to Zalkaliani, discussions during the meeting also focused on the preparations for the meeting of the EU-Georgia Association Council scheduled to take place in Brussels, on 5 March, where European Partners will be presented the document on EU integration -RoadMap2EU. In the words of Zalkaliani, the participants of the Commission summarized the results of the preceding year in terms of Georgia’s integration with NATO, and spoke about the plans for the future. “We expect an increasing level of activities this year. The NATO Secretary General is due to pay a visit to Georgia. The NATO Military Committee will meet and NATO-led exercises will be conducted in Georgia. Our progress on the path of NATO integration is recognized by our NATO partners reaffirming at the Summit in Brussels that Georgia has all practical instruments for membership of NATO – Georgia’s ultimate goal. The joint meeting of the Commissions on NATO and EU Integrationchaired by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze was held on 1 March. Documents Similar News