28 February 2023 The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, is on his working visit in Berlin, from 28 February to 1 March, 2023. On 28 February, he held a meeting with the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the German Bundestag, Michael Roth (Social Democratic Party). During the meeting, the deputy minister and the chairman of the committee noted with satisfaction that Georgia and Germany are reliable and mutually valuable partners. The sides emphasized the dynamic cooperation between the parliaments of the two countries and the ongoing active communication between the friendship groups, sectoral committees and MPs. Special mention was taken of the role of the visits of the chairman of the Parliament of Georgia to Berlin, and of the Vice Speaker of the Bundestag to Georgia last year. Teimuraz Janjalia and Michael Roth appraised as historical the granting of a European perspective to Georgia in June 2022. The deputy minister informed the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee about Georgia’s progress in implementing the recommendations of the European Commission. He noted that in the current situation it is extremely important to grant the candidate status to Georgia and emphasized the need for further support of Georgia’s partners and friends, especially of Germany, on this path. Discussions focused on the Euro-Atlantic integration process of Georgia, as well as on the current security environment. It was noted that Russia's war against Ukraine is an attack on the entire international order and violates the architecture of global peace and security. In addition, the Deputy Minister informed the German legislator in detail about the challenges facing the national security of Georgia and the situation in the occupied territories. He expressed his gratitude for the participation of German monitors in the EU Monitoring Mission, which is currently the largest contributor to the mission. At the meeting, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee once again confirmed Germany's support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News