16 November 2022 The Council of Europe Secretary General’s 26th Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia was discussed on 16 November 2022, at the meeting of the Council of Europe's deputy ministers. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, participated in the discussions. Covering the period from April to September 2022, the Secretary-General’s 26th consolidated report describes the security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line. In particular, the report mentions that the human rights and humanitarian situation remains difficult on the ground. The report takes stock of the human rights violations on the ground, including various restrictions on freedom of movement, access to services and education in the native language. The report puts heavy accent on the illegal detention of Georgian citizens by the occupation regime and the inadmissibility of such facts. The EU reiterates its call for a proper investigation and for justice to be served in relation to the tragic deaths of Archil Tatunashvili and other Georgian nationals.The report also welcomes the Georgian government’s commitment to peace policy. During the discussion of the 26th consolidated report of the Secretary General, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia addressed the participants of the session. The European Union and GUAM made statements in support for Georgia during the review of the consolidated report on the Conflict in Georgia. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the 26th consolidated report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and emphasizes the importance of keeping the conflict in Georgia atop the political agenda of the Council of Europe. konsolidirebuli-angarishi.pdf Statement of the Delegations of GUAM member states on the Secretary General’s 26th consolidated report on the Conflict in Georgia EU Statement on the Secretary General's 26th consolidated report on the conflict in Georgia Documents Similar News