11 July 2020 The European Commission released its report of the fulfillment of visa liberalization requirements by Western Balkans and Eastern Partnership countries, including Georgia. This Third Report under the Visa Suspension Mechanism stems from the Commission’s duty to monitor the continuous fulfilment of visa liberalisation requirements by third countries that have obtained visa-free access. The report highlights that the Council included Georgia, on 30 June 2020, into a list of 15 countries with which travel restrictions will be lifted. The European Commission positively assesses the fact that as a consequence of the COVID-19 crisis, Georgia closed its borders and subsequently introduced a state of emergency. During this period, the Georgian Foreign Ministry repatriated over 13,000 Georgian citizens from abroad through chartered repatriation flights. Based on the Report, the Georgian authorities continued to work with the Commission and the EU Member States on a set of operational measures to decrease irregular migration and crime-related challenges. The European Commission highlights that to tackle the misuse of the visa-free regime, Georgia introduced amendments to the Criminal Code, which foresees the criminalisation of the facilitation of illegal stay of Georgian nationals abroad, as well as assistance for submission of falsified information with a view to obtaining international protection (e.g. asylum). Georgia has committed to tighten the procedure of changing family names (further to the restrictions introduced in 2018) and adopted in November 2019 the amendments to the law on the Procedure for Enforcing NonCustodial Sentences and Probation introducing stricter regulations and clearer criteria to decide whether a convicted person may leave the country. According to the Report, Georgia continues fruitful cooperation with Frontex and EuroPol. Georgia’s fight against organized crime and corruption is also assessed positively. As regards cooperation on readmission, and the return rate, this process is proceeding consistently, which is the result of cooperation between the respective authorities of EU Member States and third countries. With EU support, Georgia has developed an Electronic Readmission Case Management System (RCMS). The system is often used as an example of good practice and technology for other third countries. Some challenges still exist: several EU Member States reported an increase of Georgian asylum seekers; according to them, organised crime groups from Georgia continue to be reported as highly active. However, the country continues to successfully fulfil its obligations and one of the key achievements of Georgia – visa-free travel with the EU is under no threat. Documents Similar News