11 February 2021 On 10 February, Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia met with Deputy Director of the Directorate for Political Council of the Council of Europe, Daniil Khoshabo and Political Advisor, John Dorbes and Head of the European Council Office Natalia Vutova. The delegation of the Council of Europe visited Georgia to prepare the CoE Secretary General's 23rd consolidated report on the Conflict in Georgia. The Deputy Minister updated the CoE delegation on the current humanitarian, security and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Lasha Darsalia paid special attention to the facts of illegal detention of Zaza Gakheladze and other Georgian citizens that causes the escalation of the situation on the ground. Lasha Dardsalia underscored the illegal process of installation of artificial barriers that further aggravated the already difficult situation of the local population. According to him, the closure of the so-called “checkpoints” and the restriction of movement considerably restricts the access to healthcare services entailing human deaths. Speaking about the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions, the Deputy Foreign Minister highlighted the need for Russia to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and to ensure the safe and dignified return of refugees and IDPs to the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Highlighting the importance of the European Court of Human Rights Judgement on the Russia-Georgia war of August, Lasha Darsalia stressed that the judgement delivered by the Strasbourg Court legally confirms the occupation of, and exercising effective control over the Georgian territories by the Russian Federation. According to the Deputy Minister, the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories calls for the need to ensure access to international mechanisms. It is also important that issues relating to the occupied regions are kept high on the international agenda. The importance of the Secretary General’s consolidated reports was also highlighted in this context. Documents Similar News