27 May 2018 27.05.2018, Tbilisi - Georgian Diaspora Forum “Strong Diaspora for United Georgia” is held in Tbilisi on 27 and 28 May 27-28, which is dedicated to the 100th anniversary of the first Democratic Republic of Georgia. The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze delivered opening remarks highlighting the importance of the forum, which aims at deepening links with compatriots residing abroad, discussing the challenges facing the Georgian diaspora and seeking effective ways to support diaspora organizations. According to Mikheil Janelidze, the Government for the first time developed a strategy regulating relations between the State and the diaspora in an increasingly greater number of areas. Mikheil Janelidze also spoke about the constitutional reform carried out recently in the framework of which the status of Georgian citizens living abroad has been defined. According to the Vice Prime Minister, a diaspora web portal that has been launched recently in cooperation with the International Migration Organization is based on a single window concept and provides a range of services and information to Georgian compatriots abroad. This platform provides a new tool of communication – Mikheil Janelidze said. He also paid special attention to the need to further develop co-operation with the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) in order to ensure that the contribution made by Diaspora representatives to the development of their country is held in high esteem. The Minister also highlighted the close co-operation between Georgia’s diplomatic representations abroad and Diaspora representatives. He said that important steps are taken to promote Georgian language proficiency abroad. Mikheil Janelidze also brought to the attention of the forum participants a new initiative allowing Georgian student abroad to participate online in the competitions announced for various vacancies in the civil service. The forum participants made up four thematic groups on education, culture, media, public diplomacy, business and economy. The President of Georgia, Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Parliament Speaker Irakli Kobakhidze and Noe Jordania’s son Rejeb Jordania also delivered keynote addresses. The Diaspora Forum is attended by representatives of the Georgian government, diplomatic corps, international and non-governmental organizations, private sector and academic community. Up to 400 guests from 22 countries also participates in the event. Documents Similar News