15 September 2020 The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 51st round of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister and the Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting fromthe Georgian side. Amid the COVID-19 pandemic, the co-chairs paid a traditional visit to Georgia to explore the difficult security and humanitarian situation of the conflict-affected population on the ground. One of the key issues of the discussions was the Russian occupation forces’ destructive activities in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as in the villages across the occupation line. Lasha Darsalia expressed his concern over the installation of artificial barriers near the villages of Atotsi, Kvemo Nikozi and Khurvaleti and ongoing illegal process of ‘borderisation’ aimed at destabilization of the situation. The De The Deputy Minister, in this context, focused his attention to the kidnapping and illegal detention of Georgian citizens demanded immediate release of Zaza Gakheladze, Gennady Bestaev and Khvicha Mghebrishvili. The parties put special accent on the difficult humanitarian situation in the Akhalgori and Gali districts and on the necessity of ensuring free movement for local residents, expressing their concern over the facts of rejecting medical evacuation, which often ends in deaths. Special accent was put on deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories, and the ban on native language education. The Georgian delegation highlighted the importance of delivering justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. The parties condemned the murder of Inal Jibaev, in addition to other cases of murders and tortures of other people in illegal custody in Tskhinvali. The co-chairs and the Georgian delegation highlighted the importance of conducing the next round of Geneva International Discussions on 6-7 October and put a special accent on the need to resume the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism in the Gali District, without preconditions. The parties reiterated the need to effectively use the Geneva International Discussions and to reach progress on the key issues on the agenda of the Discussions,. Special attention was paid to the necessity for the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and to the need to create international security arrangements in the occupied territories being an essential prerequisite for ensuring the return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin sustainable peace on the ground. The co-chairs pledged to spare no efforts to find a workable solution to the problems of the conflict-affected within the 51st round of the Geneva International Discussions scheduled for 6 and 7 October. Documents Similar News