23 October 2018 Within the framework of the Georgian delegation’s visit to Lithuania, a protocol of the 5thmeeting of the Georgian-Lithuanian Commission on Euro-Atlantic Integration was signed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania, Linas Linkevičius. According to the Protocol the participants of the meeting discussed a broad spectrum of co-operation between Georgia and the EU. Special attention was paid to the commitment to promote further the deepening of relations between Georgia and the EU, particularly by taking advantage of all opportunities and prospects provided by the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA), as well as the Eastern Partnership policy in general. According to the Protocol, the Parties welcomed the recent trade ministerial meeting of three associated partners and the EU, and agreed to continue their joint efforts in this area, making this format fully operational (with regular meetings, covering also political and sectorial parts of the Association Agreements) as soon as possible. The document reads that “Lithuania and Georgia looked forward to the upcoming 10th anniversary of the Eastern Partnership and welcomed the significant results achieved so far. Both parties agreed that the upcoming anniversary is an important milestone to mark the achievements, to communicate them to the citizens of Georgia and the EU, but also to have a strategic reflection on the future goals of the Eastern Partnership policy. They underlined the future Eastern Partnership policy shall be inclusive and at the same time even more differentiated, reflecting different ambitions of individual partner states in their relationship with the EU, as well as concrete progress in implementing agreed reforms. The parties also agreed on the importance of “more-for-more” principle and that it shall not be limited just to the financial support by the EU, but covering the political response too”. The Georgian Delegation shared with the Lithuanian Delegation a detailed vision behind the ‘Roadmap 2EU’ that consolidates country’s reform efforts and all relevant mechanisms, including the AA/DCFTA and EaP, as well as the possibilities for integration with the European Union beyond the Association Agreement. Both Delegations acknowledged the importance of the document and its instrumentality in preparing Georgia for, achieving the ultimate goal of the country in its relations with the EU. The Lithuanian Delegation expressed its readiness to work together in materialising the road map of Georgia’s EU integration process. The Delegations emphasised the vital importance of the relationship between Georgia and NATO and stressed that Georgia's future membership in the Alliance will benefit the common Euro-Atlantic security. The Georgian Delegation reaffirmed Georgia’s determination to achieve NATO membership, which is a top foreign policy priority for Georgia, and reiterated Georgia’s commitment to continue comprehensive reforms across the areas set out in the Annual National Programme. The Georgian Delegation expressed its gratitude for Lithuania’s valuable efforts in promoting Georgia’s NATOmembership and for Lithuania’s contribution to the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package. The Lithuanian Delegation reiterated its continuous support to NATO’s Open Door Policy and its readiness to assist Georgia in fulfilling its Euro-Atlantic aspirations, and to expand practical cooperation in such areas as hybrid and cyber threats. The Delegations emphasized the need for cooperation in the field of strategic communication with the aim to increase public awareness of disinformation activities, support for independent media and promote the best practice in the field of media literacy. In the aftermath of the 10th anniversary of the Russia-Georgia war and the 25th anniversary of the fall of Sokhumi the Lithuanian Delegation reiterated its full support to the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia, as well as the peace policy of the Georgian Government, including its recent initiative ‘A Step to a Better Future’. The Georgian Delegation expressed its appreciation for Lithuania’s decision to include persons from the ‘Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili’ list who had contributed to violations of human rights, into its national visa ban list. The Delegations welcomed the existing excellent relations between the two states and a very dynamic bilateral agenda. Both Delegations agreed to continue working together on exploiting the economic, trade and investment potential between the countries. PROTOCOL OF THE 5th MEETING OF THE GEORGIAN-LITHUANIAN COMMISSION ON EUROPEAN AND EURO-ATLANTIC INTEGRATION Documents Similar News