26 November 2019 From 27 November 2019 to 15 May 2020, Georgia becomes the Chair of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. Georgia has selected four priorities for its Presidency: 1. Human Rights and Environmental Protection; 2. Civil Participation in Decision-Making; 3. Child Friendly Justice – Converging Experience on Restorative Justice in Europe; 4. Strengthening Democracy through Education, Culture and Youth Engagement. For the first time in the history of the country, Georgia assumes the presidency of the international organization thus being granted the opportunity to contribute to upholding the values and principles of the Council of Europe. Georgia as a part of European civilization, reaffirms its commitment to the basic principles of the Council of Europe by promoting democracy and rule of law, strengthening relevant institutions and developing civil society. One of the priorities of the Georgian Presidency is to promote the interrelationship between human rights and environmental protection, strengthen environmental protection work through the existing programmes and treaties in the Council of Europe. In this respect, the European Convention on Human Rights is an effective instrument that protects fundamental human rights and is essential for the effective protection of the environment. The Georgian Presidency will hold an International High-Level Conference on Environmental Protection and Human Rights on 27 February 2020 in Strasbourg. Civil Participation in Decision-Making Process is another priority of the Georgian Presidency. Continued civil society and citizens’ engagement is fundamental for the functioning of a truly democratic society and opens a society-wide dialogue on critical issues. In order to identify useful and innovative experiences of successful engagement of civil society at local, regional and national level the Georgian Presidency will organise an international conference on civil participation in the decision-making process in Strasbourg on 6 March 2020. Third priority of the Georgian presidency is “Child Friendly Justice – Converging Experience on Restorative Justice in Europe”. In 2015, the Government of Georgia elaborated a Juvenile Justice Code, a milestone in developing and further consolidating a juvenile justice aspect of the human rights culture in Georgia. Therefore, Georgia will hold a round table on “Child Friendly Justice – Converging Experience on Restorative Justice in Europe”, on 23 March in Strasbourg for Council of Europe member States with two main objective - promotion Council of Europe standards and sharing Georgia’s experience and achievements. The goal of the Georgian Presidency will be to promote one of the core values of the organisation – democracy – through education, culture and youth engagement. The Georgian Presidency shall promote quality and inclusive education that is free from discrimination, and provides a safe and secure learning environment, in which the rights of all are respected. The Presidency shall promote and contribute to the work of ongoing Joint Initiatives and Joint EU-CoE programmes running in the area of higher education. The Presidency of Georgia will support the Council of Europe’s efforts to promote cultural participation and the democratisation of culture, contribute to streamlining the cultural policies of the Council of Europe’s member States. Georgia will hold a Round Table on Strengthening Democracy through Education and Culture on 30 March 2020 in Strasbourg. It is also important to involve young people in civil society as a fundamental partner in the areas of democracy, human rights and the rule of law. The Presidency of Georgia shall support the Council of Europe youth sector and its interdependent and coherent instruments. Documents Similar News