12 July 2018 12.07.2018, Brussels – “It is the first case in the history of NATO-Georgia relations when the declaration of the NATO-Georgian Commission is adopted at the level of Heads of State. It is a comprehensive document covering both the integration processes and the progress Georgia has made on its path with the Alliance” - NATO Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said when commenting on the NATO-Georgia Commission Declaration and the meeting held at the level of heads of state within the framework of the NATO Summit in Brussels. According to him, the document reiterates full support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders and calls on Russia to implement the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, in particular to withdraw its forces from the territory of Georgia. David Zalkaliani said that the declaration pays special attention to co-operation in the context of Black Sea security and outlines ways of practical co-operation in this regard: “the declaration, in particular, deals with monitoring of the Black Sea airspace, exchange of information, enhanced interaction between Georgia and NATO’s Standing Naval Forces, including through passage exercises and port calls, and the exchanges between Georgia’s Joint Maritime Operations Centre and the NATO Shipping Centre, and all practical elements related to co-operation within the Black Sea area in order to ensure that Georgia enhances its defence capabilities and interoperability with NATO” – David Zalkaliani said. According to the Foreign Minister, the declaration focuses on Georgia’s prospect to integrate with NATO. “Allies reiterate their decision made at the 2008 Bucharest Summit that Georgia will become a member of the Alliance, with MAP as an integral part of the process. It is important that unlike previous summits, this summit dealt in detail with practical tools to prepare for eventual membership, in particular the NATO-Georgia Commission, the Annual National Programme and the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package. All allies agree that MAP is part of the political decision to invite Georgia to NATO” - Zalkaliani said. According to him, the Allies positively appraised the ratio of Georgia’s defence expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Georgia. “NATO Heads of State and Government welcome the clear progress made by Georgia on defence spending and in implementing comprehensive reforms aimed at strengthening Georgia’s defence and resilience capabilities” – Zalkaliani said. As for the NATO-Georgia-Ukraine trilateral meeting at the level of heads of state and government, the mInister said that the meeting was comprehensive and dealt with all key issues regarding Georgia and Ukraine. See the link at:NATO-Georgia Commission Declaration at the Brussels Summit Documents Similar News