22 January 2020 Within the framework of his official visit to Tbilisi, on 22 January 2020, the Foreign Minister of the Netherlands, Stef Blok held a bilateral meeting with the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani. The parties discussed the issues of bilateral and multilateral cooperation, including Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration process and the situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. Conversations also included the need to deepen political dialogue and sectoral cooperation, trade-economic relations and people-to-people contacts. “Georgia and the Netherlands have had increasingly dynamic relations over the past few years, to which attests the Georgian Prime Minister, Giorgi Gakharia’s first historic bilateral visit, which helped identify prospective areas of cooperation. The foreign Minister Stef Blok ‘s visit to Georgia serves as a continuation of this dynamic and brings our bilateral relations to a qualitatively newer level” – David Zalkaliani said at the joint press conference. According to him, the common vision of Georgia and the Netherlands is based on the need to further strengthen the rules-based international order. “Georgia highly values the Netherlands’ support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as its involvement in the EUMM. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked the Dutch side for doubling the number of monitors” – Zalkaliani said. Speaking about the forthcoming EaP summit, the Georgian Foreign Minister emphasized the importance of adopting a new and future-oriented vision aimed to promote greater integration with the EU, including the European single market. The Ministers also spoke extensively about the grave consequences of Russia’s steps taken towards illegal occupation and actual annexation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. “Despite Russia’s provocations, the Georgian Government continues to pursue the policy of peaceful resolution of conflicts. The international community’s and our partners’ consolidated efforts, involvement and firm position are an important instrument to deal with the threats posed by Russia and to achieve sustainable peace and security” – the Minister said. The sides also discussed the need to further deepen trade-economic ties and fully use the possibilities by offered by the DCFTA. Stef Blok laid down a wreath at the memorial of heroes fallen for the unity of Georgia. The Foreign Minister of the Netherlands will also visit the occupation line in the village of Odzisi. Documents Similar News