12 March 2021 According to the statement of the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani, the visit of the Hungarian Minister Foreign Affairs and Trade, Peter Szijjártó, comes as another clear message that Hungary remains a constant and staunch supporter of Georgia in terms of all of the significant issues, including within the framework of the Visegrad, with the partnership between the two states oriented towards tangible outcomes. According to David Zalkaliani, during the meeting with his Hungarian counterpart, the discussion touched upon such important issues as security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. As explained by the Foreign Minister, Georgia is loyal to the principle of peaceful resolution of the conflict. “It is unacceptable that the crisis has been escalated even while the COVID-19 pandemic takes place, continuing Georgia’s annexation, occupation and illicit borderisation. It is also concerning that Russia continues to use issues associated with human rights for influencing Georgia, via the means of political speculation. The Tskhinvali occupational authorities have extended Zaza Gakheladze’s sentence by 12 years and 6 months, with this clearly provocative decision further deteriorating the situation. We welcome the efforts of the international community aimed towards implementing effective measures in order to immediately release the illegally arrested Georgian citizen. I presented the Minister with information regarding the activity of the Georgian government in this format, especially in terms of the Geneva format. We would like to see tangible outcomes from the negotiations taking place in Geneva and I underscored the significance of the 2008 ceasefire agreement” – stated the Foreign Minister. As defined by David Zalkaliani, Hungary is a staunch supporter of Georgia’s European integration, with Georgia’s plans to apply for accession by 2024 being discussed during the meeting, along with the upcoming Eastern Partnership Initiative summit, which holds much interest for Georgia. “I shared Georgia’s plans with my colleague. Issues regarding strengthening the association agreement, ideas concerning European integration. We retain hope that Hungary, our constant supporter, will provide us with its extentise experience in this regard. Georgia is ready to strengthen both political as well as economic formats of cooperation, in order to prepare the country to apply for accession by 2024. Peter Szijjártó has always stood out in terms of staunch and solid messages towards Georgia in terms of Euro-Atlantic integration. It was once again noted that Georgia has all practical mechanisms in order to prepare for NATO membership. We welcome the renewal of the NATO-Georgia comprehensive package, along with its timely and essentially reinvigorated form for 2021.” – stated Zalkaliani. The Foreign Ministers of Georgia and Hungary discussed both the situation on the ground in terms of COVID-19, as well as ways to tackle said pandemic, along with trade and economic issues and future plans for developing the tourism industry. According to the statement of David Zalkaliani, the discussion also touched upon cooperation in such significant fields as education, a real, tangible case of success for both countries. Documents Similar News