14 December 2017 The 42nd round of the Geneva International Discussions was held on12-13 December 2017. The grave consequences of ongoing ethnic discrimination against Georgians remaining in occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as the issues of non-use of force and international security arrangements on the ground were the main topics of the discussions. Severe security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories was discussed in details at the negotiations. The participants from Georgia raised the issue of non-compliance by the Russian Federation with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. They underlined that strengthening of Russian military presence in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, illegal military build-up and regular military drills therein further destabilize the situation on the ground. The Georgian participants expressed concern over the continuous process of integration of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions into the Russian Federation. In this regard, opening of a specialised customs point of the Russian Federation in Sokhumi, as well as statements of Russian occupation regime in Tskhinvali on creation of similar structure in Akhalgori district were emphasized. Ongoing installation of razor and barbed wire fences and different artificial barriers along the occupation line was the topic of the sharp discussion.The participants from Georgia and the US called for immediate re-opening of the closed so-called crossing points along the occupation line. The necessity to ensure the freedom of movement and access of local population to their agricultural lands was extensively underlined. It was highlighted that practice of illegal detentions and kidnappings further escalates the situation on the ground. Throughout the negotiations, special emphasis was placed on intensified ethnic discrimination of Georgians residing in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. In this regard, severe conditions of the people residing in Gali district were especially underlined. It was explicitly stressed that the forced registration of local population as foreigners, followed by restriction of their fundamental rights and freedoms, compulsion to change their surnames and national identity, can become a ground for another wave of ethnic cleansing in the occupied regions. The Co-Chairs and participants from Georgia and the US condemned the deliberate destruction of private property owned by ethnic Georgians in Eredvi, as well as other villages of Tskhinvali region. Grave consequences caused by the prohibition of education in native language in Gali and Akhalgori districts and the urgent need for improvement of this situation was discussed. It was emphasized that these actions serve the purpose of erasing of Georgian traces in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as the russification of population residing therein. The Georgian participants underscored the necessity of protection of monuments of cultural heritage in occupied territories and preservation of their authenticity. The participants from Georgia and the US once again called on the occupation regime to immediately detain the murderer of Mr. Giga Otkhozoria. The need for cooperation on environmental issues was underlined. In this context, the information session on the topic of “Disaster Risk Reduction” was also held. The substantial discussions took place regarding the draft statement by the participants of the Geneva International Discussions on the non-use of force. The representatives of Georgia emphasized the necessity that Russia takes and implements the commitment on non-use of force, as well as the need for creation of international security arrangements on the ground with the aim to ensure the observance of the above pledge. Despite the divergent approaches, the participants agreed to further continue their work at the next round in order to bring the positions closer. The Co-Chairs, as well as participants from Georgia and the US urged the representatives of Russia and its occupation regimes to demonstrate responsible attitude towards the format of the Geneva International Discussions, and engage in negotiations on safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees in a good faith. However, the representatives of Russia and its occupation regimes still tried to politicize the humanitarian issues and walked out of the negotiations during this discussion. The participants bid farewell to the UN Representative to the Geneva International Discussions, Ambassador Antti Turunen and expressed appreciation for his efforts throughout 8 years of his Co-Chairmanship. The participants also welcomed newly appointed EU Special Representative for the South Caucasus and the crisis in Georgia, Mr. Toivo Klaar and wished him success in his future endeavours. The next round of Geneva International Discussions will be held on 27-28 March 2018. Geneva International Discussions were launched on the basis of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Discussions are held within the frames of two Working Groups, where participants are represented in their individual capacity. In the first Working Group talks are focused on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, while in second Working Group – on humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as on the issues related to safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News