29 March 2023 The inter-agency delegation of Georgia led by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia Brussels, on 29 March. Within the framework of the visit, consultations were held with representatives of the Directorate-General for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Negotiations (DG NEAR) and various sectoral services (DG) on the issues of enlargement and neighborhood negotiations of the European Commission. The visit marked the start of inter-agency consultations with the European Commission within the framework of the enlargement package, to agree on specific steps and measures for greater sectoral and institutional rapprochement on the way to Georgia's integration with the European Union. During the consultations, the sides discussed the gradual deepening of Georgia's participation in the European Union's single market in various areas of the economy, including trade, industry, agriculture, healthcare, social issues, employment, public procurement, financial services, regional development, environmental protection, competition with the European Union. This process is based on the reforms carried out by Georgia within the framework of the Association Agreement and will be an important part of the EU integration process in the future. As part of the enlargement package, intensive communications will continue. Among them, a thematic visit of representatives of relevant services of the European Union to Georgia was planned in the coming months. The inter-agency delegation was composed of representatives of the Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Regional Development and Infrastructure, the Ministry of Environment and Agriculture, the Ministry of IDPs from the Occupied Territories of Georgia, Labour, Health and Social Protection, the National Statistics Service, the National Bank of Georgia, the State Procurement Agency and the Service for Accounting, Reporting and Auditing Supervision. Giving Georgia a European perspective is a historic decision on the path of Georgia's integration into the European Union. With this decision, Georgia joined the ranks of the EU enlargement package, and will make efforts, beyond the scope of the AA, to achieve the full harmonization of its legislation with that of the EU. Documents Similar News