6 December 2017 06.12.2017, Brussels – “Partnership with Georgia is of great importance to NATO” - NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said following his meeting with Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. The Secretary General has reaffirmed his and the Alliance’s firm support for Georgia, highlighting the importance of partnership with Georgia. “I have my and NATO’s strong support to the partnership with Georgia. It is a partnership which is of great importance to NATO because we provide strong political and practical support to Georgia, we support sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and also welcome the reforms, which Georgia is so focused on, in areas like the rule of law, building democratic institutions, we welcome these reforms and continue to provide support to Georgia. I also welcome the fact that Georgia is a strong supporter of NATO. We see that Georgia participates in different NATO missions and operations contributing to the Rapid Response Force and Georgia is one of the largest contributors to our mission in Afghanistan with almost 900 troops. We’ll continue to work together and I look forward to a meeting of the NATO-Georgia Commission now with the Foreign Ministers of the Alliance” – The NATO Secretary General said. For his part, the Georgian Foreign Minister thanked Jens Stoltenberg for his support of Georgia’s integration with NATO, as well as its sovereignty and territorial integrity. According to Mikheil Janelidze, “Georgia as an aspirant country is achieving great progress on its path to NATO and we discussed this progress which has also been achieved with the support of the Alliance and the Members of the Alliance. In our relations with NATO we have a lot of substance and we work together in ensuring the Black Sea security and regional security. We are proud to contribute to the security of the Euro-Atlantic area, and we will continue our contributions. And we are happy that today we’ll have an opportunity to meet in the Georgia-NATO Commission format and discuss these issues, as well as to talk about the Open Door Policy and Georgia’s aspirations”. Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister participates in the meeting of the NATO Foreign Ministers. A NATO-Georgia Commission meeting is also scheduled to be held within the framework of the Ministerial Meeting. Documents Similar News