19 June 2024 On 19 June 2024, another round of political consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of Slovakia took place in Bratislava. The Georgian delegation was led by Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, while State Secretary Marek Eštok headed the Slovak side. During the meeting, the parties discussed current issues on the Georgia-Slovakia relations agenda, including the prospects for deepening bilateral dialogue and enhancing sectoral ties. They emphasized the priority of fully utilizing the potential for trade and economic cooperation. Special attention was given to projects carried out by Slovakia in Georgia through Slovak Aid. Deputy Minister Janjalia briefed the Slovak side on the challenging security and humanitarian situation in Georgia's occupied regions. The importance of partner cooperation for properly presenting Georgia's priority issues on the international agenda was highlighted. The discussions also covered Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, noting the significance of Slovakia's support for Georgia's aspirations. Information was shared about the specific obligations Georgia has undertaken with the European Union, including the 9 priorities, the association agreement, and the free trade agreement. Emphasis was placed on Georgia's involvement and cooperation with the European Union in various fields, including international security. The parties discussed economic cooperation on the Georgia-EU agenda and initiatives that will enhance economic interaction and involvement of Georgia and the region on both the European continent and in a broader regional context. The Slovak side reaffirmed its strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The meeting also touched on cooperation and mutual support of candidacies within international organizations, noting the successful experience of mutually beneficial cooperation in this regard. Opinions were exchanged on current international processes, including the situation in the region. At the end of the meeting, both parties agreed to maintain regular communication in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Documents Similar News