4 September 2018 04.09.2018, Tbilisi – Minister Taro Kono’s first official visit to Georgia is a significant achievement in the bilateral relations between Japan and Georgia and a demonstration of high-level support for Georgia – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said at the joint press conference following his meeting with his Japanese counterpart, Taro Kono. Speaking about the increasing level of bilateral relations between Georgia and Japan, Zalkaliani expressed Georgia’s readiness to continue active co-operation with Japan. “Georgia and Japan share fundamental values such as freedom, democracy, human rights and the rule of law. Our countries are making an important and active contribution towards ensuring international peace and stability” – David Zalkaliani said. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, Japan is a strong partner of Georgia both at the regional and international level unequivocally supporting Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as its European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. “10 years ago, following Russia’s large-scale military aggression against Georgia, Japan was one of the first to allocate financial assistance to Georgia at the Donors’ Conference that went towards the construction of East-West Highway – one of Georgia’s most important infrastructure projects. Today we signed an agreement on the allocation of Japanese funds for the construction of the 14km-long Shorapani-Argveti section of the East-West Highway” – David Zalkaliani said. He also highlighted Japanese Government's Caucasus Initiative and co-operation projects with Georgia to be implemented under this initiative. Highly appraising the Japanese Government’s strategic vision of the Caucasus, the Georgian Foreign Minister expressed his commitment to active co-operation for the effective implementation of this initiative. Zalkaliani also highlighted the Sumo champion Levan Giorgadze-Tochinoshin’s historic victory at the 2018 Championship that earned him love and recognition both in Georgia and Japan. Documents Similar News