9 May 2020 “Today we celebrate the seventy-fifth anniversary of the end of the World War II. A war, which brought untold sorrow to humanity and claimed the lives of millions of people across the globe. I wish to join my colleagues and bow my head before the victims of the War. The end of this tragedy has paved the way for the establishment of the United Nations and indeed, it was the UN Charter that provided its member states with the blueprint for conducting the international relations by peaceful means, prohibiting use of force in resolving disputes and preventing future atrocities” – the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said when delivering a speech online at the UN Security Council meeting dedicated to the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II. Becoming a member of the UN family was a hard-fought achievement for Georgia, as the country had been enduring the Soviet occupation for 70 years. And now, therefore, Georgia fully adheres to the objectives and main tenets of the UN Charter and contributes to maintaining the international peace and security. Despite Georgia’s constructive policy, however, Russia systematically subverts the main pillars of the international security order, including the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity, inviolability of borders and free choice of countries in deciding their own future. According to Zalkaliani, Russia’s strategic goal remains unchallenged: to thwart European countries from their foreign political aspirations. In this context, the cases of Georgia and Ukraine represent unmistakable attestation of Russia’s malign strategy in the region. In the words of Zalkaliani, Even in these times of global crisis, Russia continuous the illegal process of erection of so-called “border” signs at the occupation line in clear violation of the international norms and principals and the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The illegal Russian military presence in the two occupied regions of Georgia inflicts a heavy toll on humanitarian and human rights situation on the ground. The residents of the occupied territories are still deprived by the Russian occupation forces of possibility to get medical service. “Against this background, turning a blind eye to blatant violations of the principles enshrined in the UN Charter is detrimental for international peace and security, and poses a threat to preventing future atrocities” – the Foreign Minister said. According to him, while Georgia fully complies with its unilaterally undertaken commitment of non-use of force, the international community should call on the Russian Federation to reciprocate the same obligation, as a party to conflict. According to the Minister, after 75 years of the UN’s service to international peace and security, there are still many conflicts remaining unresolved. “Against this background, it is more urgent than ever to intensify our efforts to solidify respect for the UN Charter and its principles in the years to come” – David Zalkaliani said. Documents Similar News