23 April 2018 On 3 April the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia hosted political consultations in an extended format between Georgia and Canada. The consultations from the Georgian side were chaired by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Khatuna Totladze and from the Canadian side – by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Stephanie Beck. During the consultations, representatives of the foreign ministries of the two countries discussed a broad spectrum of bilateral and multilateral relations between Georgia and Canada - co-operation in the areas of trade and economy, defence, culture and education and prospects for its further development. Talking points also included the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and co-opertaion between the two countries within the framework of international organizations. The sides spoke about the global and regional policy and the issues specific of security; potential of future co-operation; the importance of strengthening bilateral co-operation, political dialogue and the exchange of high-level visits. The Georgian side expressed its special gratitude for Canada’s firm and continuous support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. For its part, the Canadian delegation expressed its concern over the security and human rights situation in the occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and welcomed the Georgian government’s new initiative “A step toward a better future”. The sides discussed the process of Georgia’s integration with NATO and the EU. The Canadian delegation reaffirmed Canada’s full support for Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration. Talking points also included the key priorities of the Canadian presidency of the Group of Seven. Following the consultations, the sides signed a joint declaration incorporating main aspects of co-operation between Georgia and Canada. The Georgian Ambassador to Canada, Konstantine Kavtaradze and the Canadian Ambassador to Georgia, Christopher Cooter (residing in Ankara) also participated in the consultations. Within the framework of the visit, the Canadian delegation will hold meetings within various government agencies and will visit the occupation line to receive the information on the ground. The Canadian delegation will be received by Catholicos Patriarch of All Georgia. The Canadian guests will also visit the City Hall. Documents Similar News