31 October 2017 31.10.2017, Tbilisi - Representatives of twenty countries gather in Tbilisi, Georgia, for an international Forum “From Words to Action: SDG 16+ Implementing SDG 16+ at the local and national level.” From October 31 to November 2, 2017, the Forum will discuss best policy and practice in the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), with the focus on SDG16 – Peaceful, Just and Inclusive Societies. “Georgia is honoured with the opportunity to host this important international event. This year marks the 25th anniversary of Georgia’s membership in the United Nations. Over this period, despite all difficulties, we managed to transform our country from the UN humanitarian aid recipient to a model state that assumed the Open Government Partnership (OGP) chairmanship this year. Throughout the past decade, Georgia has achieved tangible progress in building strong state institutions and ensuring: a free civil society; free media; free markets; social cohesion, and the rule of law. The global sustainable development agenda provides us with the great prospect to consolidate our achievements, share success and learn from each other’s experience”, Mikheil Janelidze, Vice Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, said in his welcome remarks to the Forum participants. The Georgian government’s progress in creating effective and accountable state institutions have been reflected in the latest international ratings in terms of fight against corruption and organized crime, independent judiciary, the rule of law, security and e-government. According to Mikheil Janelidze, the UNDP is aimed at promoting democratic development and maintenance of peace. “There can be no sustainable development without peace and no peace without sustainable development.Indeed, peaceful conflict resolution and peaceful development are at the core of our policy” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The Forum titled “SDG16+: From Words to Action” is hosted by the Government of Georgia – the Administration of the Government of Georgia, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ministry of Justice – in partnership with the World Federation of United Nations Associations (WFUNA). Documents Similar News