15 May 2023 On 15 May 2023, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, together with his Danish counterpart, participated in the official opening ceremony of the Danish Embassy to Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili addressed the audience and talked about the importance of the Danish Foreign Minister’s visit of members of the parliament and business delegations to Georgia and the opening of the embassy. "The decision to open the embassy of the Kingdom of Denmark reflects the recent dynamics in the Georgia-Denmark bilateral relations that have now reached the highest point. We are sure that the resident embassy will further enhance Denmark's footprint in the region and take our cooperation to a substantially newlevel. We look forward to having more Denmark in Georgia through its incredible values, best practices and rich culture". According to Lars Løkke Rasmussen, the launch of the Kingdom of Denmark's embassy in Georgia once again clearly shows that Denmark strongly supports Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. According to the Danish Foreign Minister, Georgia was granted a European perspective and is as close to receiving the candidate status as ever. "We believe that having a democratic and successful partner like Georgia in the South Caucasus is in our own interests. By opening the embassy, Denmark is sending another clear signal to the Georgian people that our support for your European integration is unwavering. I am glad that we are here at a historical moment when Georgia Georgia was granted a European perspective and is as close to receiving the candidate status as ever. Russia's aggression against Ukraine has shown us all that peace and freedom are fragile and must be protected. It showed that those who believe in the rights of nations to be sovereign and independent must become more than ever," Rasmussen said. At the opening ceremony of the embassy, the Georgian Foreign Minister spoke about the importance of renewed direct flights between Georgia and the Kingdom of Denmark and noted that direct flights will further strengthen the trade and economic ties between the two countries and will contribute to further strengthening of bilateral relations. Documents Similar News