21 January 2021 On 21 January the Georgian Vice-Prime Minister and Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, held an online meeting with the newly appointed co-chair of the Geneva International Discussions and the special representative of OSCE in the South Caucasus region, Annika Söder. The Minister congratulated the latter upon her appointment, underscoring the role of the special representative of the OSCE in the process of peaceful resolution of the Russo-Georgian conflict. Hope was expressed that during Sweden’s chairmanship of the aforementioned organisation progress will be achieved in said dimension. The Minister presented the new co-chair with relevant information regarding the recent provocations conducted on behalf of the Russian Federation on the ground in the occupied regions, in terms of human rights violations and the dire, general humanitarian situation. In this regard particular emphasis was made on the illicit arrests of Georgian citizens, the so called borderisation process and the restrictions placed upon the local population in terms of movement, along with systematic ethnic discrimination and cases of hindrances to conduct medical evacuations. Particular emphasis was also made on the more and more active Russia in terms of annexation of the aforementioned regions. The Minister underscored that illegally arrested Georgian citizens must be immediately released. Concerning the cases murder of several Georgian citizens; Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili, the necessity for legal action to be taken was also underscored. The issue of unconditionally restoring both, the Gali Incident prevention and response mechanism meetings as well as the Ergneti meetings was also actively put forward during the meeting. The bulk of the conversation concerned the necessity to achieve results in terms of the Geneva International Discussions regarding the implementation on behalf of Russia of the obligations it took by signing the 12th of August ceasefire agreement in 2008. The Minister underscored that, in this regard, the active engagement of the OSCE as well as other international organisations is of utmost importance, as they guarantee progress in terms of the agenda of the negotiations. During the meeting the importance of reconciliation of the peoples divided by the occupation line was also discussed, underscoring readiness to deepen cooperation in this regard. Annika Söder reconfirmed her readiness to actively engage in the process of peaceful resolution of the aforementioned conflict in the role of the co-chair of the OSCE in order to ensure tangible outcomes. Documents Similar News