16 March 2021 The illegal referendum conducted in Crimea seven years ago, on 16 March 2014, under the pressure of Russian armed forces led to the occupation and annexation of the Crimean Peninsula and the City of Sevastopol by the Russian Federation. These acts were committed in gross violation of the fundamental norms and principles of international law, the UN Charter and the 1975 Helsinki Act, as well as in complete disregard for the Constitution and legislation of Ukraine. In its Resolution 68/262 adopted on 27 March 2014, the UN General Assembly reaffirms its commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders, including the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, and does not recognize the results of the so-called referendum. ​The Russian Federation continues its aggressive and illegal actions in the eastern regions of Ukraine. The Crimean Peninsula and the City of Sevastopol remain annexed. There are reports of flagrant violations of human rights and freedoms, as well as of the norms of international humanitarian law. The Russian Federation is building its forces in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia strongly condemns the occupation and annexation of the Autonomic Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol by the Russian Federation and the attempt to forcefully change the internationally recognized borders of Ukraine – an experience our country has already come through. This practice of occupation and annexation poses a serious threat to international security, peace and stability. The firm and consolidated position by the international community is of utmost importance in order to resist the ongoing aggression against sovereign states and to ensure peace and stability through effective use of international mechanisms on the ground. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia reaffirms its firm and unswerving support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. Documents Similar News