4 December 2025 The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, addressed the participants of the 32nd Meeting of the OSCE Ministerial Council. The Minister underscored that Russia continues the unlawful occupation of the inseparable parts of Georgia - Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region - in blatant violation of the fundamental principles and norms of international law. “Twenty percent of Georgia’s sovereign territory remains under occupation due to Russia’s ongoing military presence in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The consequences of this occupation are severe: ethnic cleansing, brutal violations of fundamental human rights, tragic cases of torture and murder, and hundreds of thousands of displaced persons who have lived for decades with the hope of returning home”, stated Maka Botchorishvili. The Minister for Foreign Affairs emphasized Georgia’s policy of seeking a peaceful resolution to its territorial integrity. In this context, the Minister highlighted the crucial role of the Geneva International Discussions, the importance of sustained support from the international community, and the need for effective monitoring mechanisms in the occupied territories. “We are grateful for the unwavering support of our partners in defending Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. It is of the utmost importance that the peaceful resolution of the Russia–Georgia conflict remains among the top priorities on the agenda of the OSCE and other international organizations”, highlighted the Foreign Minister. The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia underscored the necessity for Russia to comply with the EU-mediated Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008. In her remarks, Maka Botchorishvili noted that Russia’s aggression against Ukraine has further exacerbated the threats facing Georgia, particularly in the absence of any collective security umbrella for the country. She emphasized that these risks are compounded by ongoing disinformation campaigns targeting Georgia’s democratic institutions and processes. “Georgia remains firmly committed to strengthening stability by defending its democratic institutions and building resilience against hybrid threats, disinformation, and any attempts to undermine our sovereignty”, noted Maka Botchorishvili Speaking about the situation in the region, Maka Botchorishvili noted that “Georgia remains steadfast in advancing peace and regional cooperation and stands ready to work with all partners to uphold international law, defend sovereignty, and secure lasting peace across the South Caucasus and the OSCE region”. According to Maka Botchorishvili, the peace agreement reached on 8 August in Washington between Armenia and Azerbaijan constitutes an important cornerstone for ensuring lasting peace in the South Caucasus and lays a solid foundation for new opportunities for long-term stability and development in the region. “Let me also take this opportunity to welcome the historic peace agreement on the “Establishment of Peace and Inter-State Relations between the Republic of Azerbaijan and the Republic of Armenia”, reached in Washington under the auspices of the President of the United States,” stated the Minister. In her address, Georgia’s Minister for Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili, reaffirmed Georgia’s steadfast commitment to the principles of the OSCE. Documents Similar News