18 January 2021 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani began his working visit in the Kingdom of Spain by holding a meeting with his Spanish counterpart, Arancha Gonzalez Laya. The Ministers welcomed the recent, growing dynamics in cooperation between Georgia and the Kingdom of Spain, including in terms of the current visit of the Georgian Foreign Minister to Madrid. The parties particularly underscored the importance of partnership and close coordination among the international community in general in terms of recovering from the crisis caused by the global pandemic, expressing readiness to continue tight coordination in this regard. The importance of availability of the COVID-19 vaccine was also underscored, with the Spanish Foreign Minister stating about the “solidarity plan”, which supports equal distribution of the aforementioned vaccine world-wide. In this regard, the EU policy of redistribution of the vaccines in order to support its allies was also, once again, noted. During deliberation regarding bilateral relations the Ministers welcomed the existing close partnership between Georgia and Spain. The staunch support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain was also, once again, noted. The discussion also touched upon Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. The Minister presented his counterpart with information regarding the decision of the Georgian government to prepare to make the accession statement by the year of 2024, along with Georgia’s plans to integrate closer to the EU both physically, as well as connectivity and the EU common market. The discussion also touched upon the upcoming Eastern Partnership Initiative summit and Georgia’s perspectives in terms of its outcomes. The Ministers underscored the necessity of deepening economic ties between the two states, which becomes of particular importance in the light of stimulating economies after the global pandemic. David Zalkaliani invited his colleague to visit Georgia. Documents Similar News