28 May 2021 “Our administration fully comprehends the significant role that the Georgian diaspora plays in the development of our country. This is precisely why taking care of our citizens abroad and protecting their interests is of utmost importance to us” – stated the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, on a forum dedicated to the Georgian diaspora – “Strong Diaspora for a United Georgia” – he stated. The Minister expressed gratitude towards the representatives of the Georgian diaspora, whose efforts, according to the statement of the Minister, are directed towards ensuring tighter contact with our homeland, retaining their national identity. Additionally, the head of the Foreign Ministry particularly underscored the significance of active diaspora organisations, noting that their efforts, even as the Pandemic raged globally, were directed towards helping our citizens overcome social, economic and moral problems. According to the Minister the state takes full legal responsibility for our citizens abroad, protecting them and taking care of them, which is guaranteed by the Georgian constitution, along with high level legislation and strategic documentation. According to the statement of the head of the Georgian Foreign Ministry, despite the challenges associated with the pandemic, our relations with our diaspora have only improved becoming more active: - We continue intensive communication with our citizens both as the executive branch of government as well as the legislative. - Projects and programmes are implemented, which aim towards opening Sunday Schools, folk ensembles, organising cultural gatherings and supporting other diaspora initiatives. - Regional conferences and thematic forums are held in participation with our diaspora representatives. - With the efforts of our Embassies more than 100 Sunday Schools have already been opened, that continue to successfully operate, providing courses on the Georgian language, with another 110 folk ensembles also already set up. - Significant progress has been made in terms of coordination with our diaspora organisations – currently just under 300 diaspora organisations operate in various countries. - Active cooperation continues with international organisations – (IOM, ICMPD and GIZ). During his address, David Zalkaliani paid particular thanks to the Georgian President, Salome Zourabichvili, noting the significant role of the president in terms of deepening cooperation with our diaspora abroad. The Minister also noted the support of the Georgian PM, Irakli Gharibashvili, in terms of our relations with our diaspora. David Zalkaliani also underscored the role of the Church in terms of our relations with our diaspora. Additionally, the minister presented the attendees with information regarding the Leuville Estate. According to said information, the first stage of rehabilitation and reconstruction of the aforementioned estate has been completed in due time – the smaller, so called “Greenhouse Project”. Currently the second stage of the “general project” is under planning, which shall be completed by 2024 (2 years prior to previous plans). Within the framework of the forum two thematic meetings were also held: 1) “Economy and Business – Georgian Diaspora for the Development of our Country”, and 2) “Education and Culture”. The attendees were also addressed by the Georgian President, PM, Speaker of Parliament, Kakha Kuchava, Deputy Speaker, Levan Ioseliani and the head of the committee of the Parliament of Georgia on diaspora and Caucasus issues, Beka Odisharia. Documents Similar News