16 December 2024 On 16 December 2024, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, held a phone conversation with the UK FCDO Minister of State for Europe, North America, and Overseas Territories, Stephen Doughty. The ministers reviewed recent developments in Georgia and the dynamics of relations between the two countries. The UK Minister of State reiterated the UK’s position and expressed concern over the ongoing processes in Georgia. For her part, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia provided the State Minister with information on the issues raised during the conversation and expressed regret over the decisions made by the UK regarding Georgia, including the postponement of the next round of the Strategic Dialogue format and the suspension of programme support for the country. The minister emphasized the importance of cooperation within the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue format and expressed hope that regular meetings will resume in the near future. Maka Botchorishvili emphasized that it is particularly important to have an objective and impartial assessment of the ongoing processes in Georgia. She also discussed the parliamentary elections held in Georgia, their outcomes, and the political speculations that continue, particularly from the opposition. The conversation also addressed the ongoing protests in the country, during which the necessity of conducting demonstrations peacefully and in accordance with the law was reiterated. The Georgian side provided the British side with information on the state&#39;s response to law violations during the protests. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia once again reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to its European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. She also highlighted Georgia’s role as a close and reliable partner in the region, a role that has been repeatedly confirmed in recent years. Given the recent developments, attention was drawn to the necessity of dialogue between the Georgian government and its Western partners on important issues. Documents Similar News