9 July 2021 IndianMinister ofExternal Affairs SubrahmanyamJaishankarwill pay his first official visit to Georgia, on 9 and 10 July, to donate to the Georgian people a holy relic of St Queen Ketevan, at the decision of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Within the framework of the visit, Minister Jaishankarwill hold meetings with President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, Prime Minister Irakli Garibashvili, Vice Prime Minister and Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani and Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development Natia Turnava. The Indian Minister of External Affairs will also participate in the ceremony of bringing the holy relic of St. Queen Ketevan to the Holy Trinity Cathedral and donating it to the Georgian Apostolic Autocephalous Orthodox Church. It needs to be highlighted that India, as per the regulations in force in the country, does not consider the possibility of transferring to other countries any historic property, including relics, discovered through archaeological excavations, as such archaeological discoveries are part of India’s cultural heritage. However, based on the centuries-long friendly relations between Georgia and India, the Georgian side, at the instruction of the Georgian Prime Minister, led intensive talks with the Indian side, in particular, with the Indian Prime Minister’s Office, the Indian Ministry of External Affairs, the Indian Ministry of Culture and other government agencies on transferring the holy relics to Georgia in permanent possession. Considering the friendship, mutual support and close cooperation between our two countries, the Indian Prime Minister took this unprecedented decision on gratuitous transfer of the holy relic of St Queen Ketevan in permanent possession of Georgia. The holy relics of St. Queen Ketevan already travelled throughout Georgia in 2017 and 2018, after which they returned to India. One of the holy relics reposed at the archaeological museum ofGoa is now donated to Georgia in permanent possession. Within the framework of his visit to Georgia, the Indian Minister of External Affairs will also participate in the unveiling of the statute of Mahatma Gandhi, the outstanding public figure and the leader of the Indian Non-Violent Independence Movement. The unveiling ceremony is dedicated to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. The statue is produced by the artist Gautam Pal. India donated the statue as a gift to Georgia. Documents Similar News