27 September 2018 27.09.2018, New York – On the sidelines of the 70thsession of the UN General Assembly, Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani held a meeting with the political directors of the EU Member States. Thanking the Foreign Minister of the EU Member States for their firm support of Georgia, the Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted the five priorities that form the concept of the renewed cabinet of ministers of Georgia. According to David Zalkaliani, atop the list of the Georgian government’s priorities is full-scale integration with European and Euro-Atlantic structures. He said that the objective of the Georgia government is to take active steps that will bring Georgia to the full-scale membership of NATO and the EU. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia’s European choice is enshrined in the Constitution of Georgia and in respective resolutions of the Parliament. Highlighting the successful implementation of the Association Agreement by Georgia, David Zalkaliani brought to the attention of the EU Foreign Ministers the Georgian Government’s European Integration Roadmap aiming at facilitating Georgia’s institutional, legislative and physical rapprochement with the EU. David Zalkaliani paid special attention to the new unprecedented format of high-level dialogue with the European Union to be chaired by the President of the European Commission,Jean-Claude Juncker and the Prime Minister of Georgia, Mamuka Bakhtadze the first meeting of which will be held in November. According to the Minister, this format will serve as yet another step bringing Georgia closer to the European Union, both at the political level, and in terms of sectoral integration. The situation in Georgia’s occupied territories was also discussed during the meeting. It was highlighted that the issue of Georgia must remain high on the international agenda, as well as on the agenda of the bilateral dialogue between the EU Member States and Russia. Special note was taken of the EUMM’s role in the peaceful resolution of the conflict, as well as in avoiding the escalation of the situation on the ground. David Zalkaliani provided EU Foreign Ministers with information on the Georgian Parliament’s resolution and the so called Tatunashvili-Otkhozoria list, thanking Lithuania for imposing sanction on the persons included in the list. In this context, the Minister singled out for special mention the European Parliament’s resolution calling on the member states to take due action on the cases of human rights violations in Georgia’s occupied regions. The Georgian Foreign Minister updated his colleagues on the Georgian Government’s peace initiative “A Step towards a Better Future” aiming at confidence-building between the communities torn apart by the conflict. Talking points also included Georgia’s economic development and involvement in international transit and energy projects. The Political Directors of the EU Member States reaffirmed their firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News