2 June 2022 On 2 June, a regular meeting of bilateral political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Lithuania was held in Tbilisi. The Georgian delegation was led by the Deputy Foreign Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, and the Lithuanian delegation - by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Mantas Adomenas. Welcoming the traditionally friendly and close relations between the two countries, the Deputy Foreign Ministers stressed the importance of holding regular bilateral consultations and discussed in detail the issues on the agenda of Georgian-Lithuanian cooperation. The sides welcomed the active dynamics of the bilateral visits and reaffirmed the readiness to further intensify cooperation in this regard, including between the sectoral agencies of the two countries. The Deputy Ministers highlighted the current dynamics, existing achievements and positive trends in the fields of defence, trade, economy, and tourism. The focus of the consultations was on the development cooperation projects, which aim to support various sectors of Georgia and the ongoing reforms in the country. The Lithuanian side expressed its readiness to actively continue to promote Georgia through various projects. The sides put emphasis on Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The Deputy Foreign Ministers spoke about the application made by Georgia and the Associated Trio for EU membership and its subsequent procedures, emphasizing the need for the support of the EU and partner countries at this crucial moment. Special attention was paid to the process of Georgia's integration into NATO and the paramount importance of the partners' support in this regard. Teimuraz Janjalia discussed with his Lithuanian partners the security environment in the region complicated by the Russian military aggression in Ukraine. He shared with the Lithuanian side detailed information about the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions and Russia's provocative actions. The Lithuanian side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, European and Euro-Atlantic integration. At the end of the meeting, the Deputy Ministers agreed to continue close cooperation and the practice of conducting bilateral consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs on a regular basis. Documents Similar News