3 July 2017 3.07.2017, Berlin - German Diplomatisches Magazin has published an interview with Georgian Foregn Minister Mikheil Janelidze where the Minister extensively speaks about the Georgia-Germany Friendship Year”, bilateral relations between the two countries and Georgia’s European integration process. “Our ambition is to make Georgia a full member of the EU. In order to succeed and attain the political decision we need to prepare our country as much as possible in the practical aspects - to introduce EU standards” – the Minister says. He focuses his attention on the six basic directions and initiatives that will help activate full potential of the ambitious relationship Georgia has now with the EU and for sure, will contribute to transforming the association process into full integration. “Successful implementation of the institutional and legislative reforms undertaken within the Association Agreement; Integration with the specialized agencies of the EU; Enhancing the efficiency of Georgia’s participation in EU programs; Enhanced regular dialogue between counterpart structures of Georgia and the EU on sectoral policy formulation and implementation; Deepening of dialogue in defence and security fields to help assessing our role in common European and regional Security; Achieving the physical integration with the EU internal market are the six basic directions that in due course will lead Georgia towards the membership” – Mikheil Janelidze writes in his interview. According to Mikheil Janelidze, with the conclusion of the Association Agreement Georgia moved to a qualitatively new level of relations with the European Union, as it allows political association and economic integration with the EU. The Agreement provides a strong impetus for further development and genuine transformation of the country; this is a gradual process and the Government remains committed to bring as much tangible benefits to its citizens as possible. “The visa liberalization has been the most awaited decision of the EU for the Georgian public during last years and a long-expected result for far-reaching and comprehensive reforms carried out by our Government. And we are pleased that the process has been successfully concluded. On the one hand, establishment of visa-free travel regime is a solemn recognition of our reform efforts and on the other, - a strong message of EU’s political support. It demonstrates that the European choice delivers concrete results, that the EU upholds its principles and continues their effective application in practice” – The Georgian Foreign Minister says. Mikheil Janelidze also speaks about the dynamically growing Georgian-Germanrelations in various fields, including Georgia’s active partnership with leading political foundations and think-tanks of Germany. “In 2017 we jointly celebrate the Georgia-Germany Year to commemoratethe 200thanniversary ofthefirstGerman settlementsfoundedin Georgiain early XIX century. Moreover, we celebrate the 25thanniversary ofre-establishing the diplomatic relations.Germany was the first state toopen theEmbassy in Tbilisi, shortly after Georgia had regained the independence in 1991” – Mikheil Janelidze is quoted as saying. In his interview Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze also highlights his recent visit to Germany to officially inaugurate the Georgia-Germany Year. During the visit, according to him, he held meetings with Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs Sigmar Gabriel and other officials to speak about bilateral relations between Georgia and Germany, regional challenges and other issues that shape daily activities. Documents Similar News