10 February 2018 10.02.2017, Gudauri - “The Government of Georgia has significantly upgraded infrastructure and winter tourism sector over the past year. People come to Georgian winter resorts in growing numbers, because we already offer them with world class interesting recreation and mountain leisure experiences. Winter resorts’ tourism has been increasingly becoming the part of Georgia’s overall sustainable development, ensuring employment opportunities and additional income to every Georgian family. In addition, this endeavor will have an important spillover effect, boosting industries related to tourism, such as agriculture, transport, services and communication” - Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidzesaid at the opening ceremony of DipSki2018. About 100 Georgian and foreign diplomats took part in the tournament held in Gudauri today. Mikheil Janelidze spoke about the potential of Georgia’s winter resorts and the government strategy for their further development. According to the Minister, a 400% rise in visitors of mountain ski resorts over the past 6 years is an unprecedented figure. Recent years witnessed the construction of 20 new ski lifts near the key ski routes, formation of ski patrol, establishment of Adventure Tourism School in Gudauri, construction of Alpine coaster in Bakuriani, installation of artificial snow-making system and some other innovations. In the pipeline are further extending the bike park and bike routes, training program for mountain managers, enhancement of the already existing training for the personnel of snow grooming machines and rescue teams, designing of Olympic standards biathlon infrastructure, construction of ice hockey infrastructure, implementation of Kobi-Gudauri Master Plan and many others. “The development of winter sports and making it part of education and upbringing constitutes an important priority area for the Government of Georgia. This is hardly surprising, given that mountains make up 65-70 percent of Georgia’s territory and there is a significant untapped potential there” – Mikheil Janelidze said. According to the Minister, Georgia submitted an application to host Freestyle World Championship in Bakuriani, in 2023. “We really look forward to positive outcome in this regard, since the permission to host the tournament will give us an enormous incentive to bring our infrastructure up to par. And beyond that, it will enhance the image of host resorts and increase awareness of the country, supporting youth engagement.” Mikheil Janelidze wished success to Georgian sportsmen due to participate in Winter Olympics. Launched at the initiative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, DipSki2018 was organized by Mountain Resorts Development Company and Office of the UN Resident Coordinator in Georgia. Documents Similar News