28 July 2020 The high levels of the existing strategic partnership between the two countries, as well as readiness for further deepening of said relations, were reconfirmed by the telephone conversation held between the Georgian PM, Giorgi Gakharia, and the US State Secretary, Mike Pompeo -- the Georgian Foreign Minister said commenting on the telephone conversation betweenthe Georgian PM, Giorgi Gakharia, and the US State Secretary, Mike Pompeo. "We, once again, received support from the current US administration, with both sides underscoring on the highest levels the readiness to further strengthen mutual cooperation in all central dimensions of our relations, especially in terms of defence and security, as well as trade and economic ties. The State Secretary expressed his gratitude towards the GoG (Government of Georgia) for providing a priceless contribution in terms of both regional as well as global security, as a trustworthy, staunch ally of the US" - Zalkaliani said. According to him, the discussion also touched upon the general situation in the US and Georgia after the start of the Pandemic, outlining the successful efforts of the Georgian party in terms of the fight against it. The PM thanked the State Secretary for the valuable support and assistance provided to Georgia on behalf of the US during these trying times. The crucial role of the Lugar Laboratory in the successful tackling of the Pandemic by Georgia was also noted. The State Secretary reconfirmed the unwavering support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity on behalf of the US. The PM presented the State Secretary with detailed information regarding the destructive actions taken by the occupational forces in the occupied territories of Georgia during the COVID-19 Pandemic. The discussion also touched upon the most dire of humanitarian circumstances in the occupied Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali Region, as well as the initiatives proposed by the GoG in terms of ensuring a peaceful resolution of the conflict. The aforementioned telephone conversation reconfirmed the high-level support of our chief strategic partner in terms of our security, development, democracy-building, etc. The PM underscored the continuation of efforts exerted by the GoG aimed at strengthening the independence of the Judiciary, ensuring a pluralistic, democratic electoral environment. Our strategic partner also provided a highly positive assessment of the constitutional amendments adopted by the Georgian Parliament, as well as other steps taken in terms of the electoral reform. Documents Similar News