12 June 2017 12.06.2017, Tbilisi – Within the framework of the Lithuanian delegation’s visit to Georgia, a protocol of the 4th meeting of the Georgian-Lithuanian Commission on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration was signed by Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Mikheil Janelidze and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Linas Linkevičius. According to the Protocol the participants of the meeting discussed a broad spectrum of co-operation between Georgia and the EU. Special attention was paid to the commitment to promote further the deepening of relations between Georgia and the EU, particularly by taking advantage of all opportunities and prospects provided by the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA), as well as the Eastern Partnership policy in general. The delegations, according to the Protocol, underscored the special importance of the upcoming Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels on 24 November for setting a strong forward-looking vision of deepening closer relationship between the EU and Partners. They also exchanged opinion over Georgia’s expectations with respect to the Summit. Both Delegations welcomed the entry into force of the visa-free travel regime for Georgian citizens as of 28th March, 2017, which is a major milestone achieved on the EU-Georgia cooperation agenda and recognition of Georgia’s reform efforts. The Delegations emphasised the vital importance of the relationship between Georgia and NATO and stressed that Georgia's future membership in the Alliance will benefit the common Euro-Atlantic security. The Georgian Delegation reaffirmed Georgia’s determination to achieve NATO membership, which is a top foreign policy priority for Georgia, and reiterated Georgia’s commitment to continue comprehensive reforms across the areas set out in the Annual National Programme. The parties reiterated that Georgia has all practical tools to prepare for the NATO membership. The Lithuanian Delegation reiterated its continuous support and readiness to further assist Georgia in fulfilling its Euro-Atlantic aspirations. According to the document, the Georgian Foreign Minister provided the Lithuanian side with retailed information regarding the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The Lithuanian delegation expressed deep concern over the ongoing occupation of Abkhazia and South Ossetia/Tskhinvali regions of Georgia and steps towards their annexation by Russia. The Delegations discussed the severe security, human rights and humanitarian situation on the ground, including the intensified military build-up, closure of the so-called crossing points, installation of the barbed wire fences and artificial barriers along the occupation line, as well as continuous discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories. The Lithuanian Delegation reiterated its full support to territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia. The Protocol makes special mention of the economic and trade potential of the countries. The Delegations reiterated to continue active cooperation in intensifying cargo flows between Europe, Central Asia and China by connecting the “Viking” project with TRACECA transport corridor. The Delegations agreed to hold the next meeting of the Georgian-Lithuanian Commission on European and Euro-Atlantic Integration in Lithuania, in 2018. Documents Similar News