11 December 2020 On 10-11 December 2020, the 51st round of the Geneva International Discussions was held after a one-year break. The main topics of the negotiations were the aggravated security and humanitarian situation amid the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, intensified de-facto annexation process by Russia and immediate release of illegally detained Georgian citizens. The Georgian delegation sharply raised the adoption of so-called programme on creation of a common socio-economic space between the Russian Federation and the occupied Abkhazia region, which serves for gradual integration of Georgia’s indispensable regions into the Russian space. The Georgian participants referred to the information spread in media about the creation of so-called common union state, which was discussed at the meeting between the Russian President and the leader of the Sokhumi occupation regime held in Sochi on 12 November 2020. This was assessed as a destructive step in the direction of formal annexation. The Georgian delegation underlined that all this represents another aggressive attempt by Russia to legitimize the practice of forcible change of sovereign borders in Europe, which grossly violates the fundamental norms and principles of international law and undermines the international rules based system. The Georgian participants spoke extensively about Russia’s intensified provocations amid the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, illegal militarization and regular military exercises in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, continuation of creeping occupation in the adjacent area of the Chorchana village, as well as erection of barbed wire fences and artificial barriers across the occupation line, which was assessed as an attempt towards destabilizing the situation on the ground. It was noted that with such destructive steps, the Russian Federation is grossly violating the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, as well as the UN Secretary General's call for an immediate global ceasefire amid the pandemic. The representatives of Georgia underlined that in parallel, the Russian Federation continues using hybrid warfare tools, including cyber-attacks and an active disinformation campaign against the Georgian state institutions and Richard Lugar Laboratory for Public Health Research. The Georgian delegation raised the issue of illegal detentions and kidnappings of local residents by the Russian occupation forces, and demanded immediate release of Irakli Bebua, Zaza Gakheladze, Genadi Bestaev and other Georgian citizens who remain in illegal captivity. The Co-Chairs, Co-Moderators, and representatives of the US and Georgia thoroughly discussed the dire humanitarian consequences of the restricted freedom of movement along the occupation line, which further exacerbates the already difficult social conditions of the conflict-affected population. In this context, the particular attention was paid to the facts of impediment of medical evacuation on the basis of ethnicity by the Tskhinvali occupation regime, which has led to a number of fatalities of local residents. A significant part of the negotiations focused on continuous ethnic discrimination against Georgians remained in the occupied territories, as well as the dire humanitarian situation of residents of Gali and Akhalgori districts, and Kodori Gorge. The critical need to protect their fundamental rights and freedoms was stressed. In this regard, the necessity of ending oppression and discrimination against the local civil activists was emphasized. The Georgian delegation underscored the intensified attempts to isolate the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions from the rest of Georgia and assessed the process of targeted Russification of local population as a dangerous trend. In this context, the need to ensure education in native language for ethnic Georgians living in the occupied territories was reiterated. Against this background, the need for the entry of the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as access of the international human rights organizations was underlined. Given the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, special attention was paid to the necessity for unrestricted humanitarian assistance to the conflict-affected population, which is an important component of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. In the current circumstances, the importance of proper functioning of the peace negotiations formats was emphasized. It was pointed out that any destructive step against the Geneva International Discussions as well as the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRMs) will have a direct impact on peace and security on the ground. In this context, the emphasis was made on the need to restore the Gali IPRM without preconditions and to ensure unhindered functioning of the Ergneti IPRM. The Georgian delegation once again raised the need for execution of justice for the murders of Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili, as well as the issue of death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia at the Russian military base illegally located in the Abkhazia region. Extensive discussion took place on the key issues of the agenda, such as the non-use of force and international security arrangements. The Georgian delegation stressed that with its illegal military presence and regular military exercises on Georgia’s territory, Moscow continues to use force and threat to use force against Georgia, which makes affirmation and implementation of the non-use of force commitment by Russia of critical necessity. According to the representatives of Georgia, the ceasefire and non-use of force can be guaranteed with establishment of international security mechanisms in the occupied territories, which would provide a solid basis for lasting peace and security on the ground. In this context, the Georgian participants once again demanded withdrawal of the Russian occupation forces from Georgia’s territory and creation of international security mechanisms on the ground, in compliance with the provisions of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Traditionally, one of the main issues on the agenda was the safe and dignified return of Internally Displaced Persons and refugees forcibly expelled from the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions as a result of ethnic cleansing. The representatives of the EU, UN, OSCE, the US and Georgia stressed the need for meaningful discussion of the issue of return of IDPs. However, the representatives of the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes once again tried to politicize this humanitarian issue and walked out of the negotiations. The Georgian participants thanked the Co-Chair of the Geneva International Discussions, the OSCE Special Representative for the South Caucasus, Amb. Rudolf Michalka for his efforts in the peace process and wished him success in his future endeavors. The next round of Geneva International Discussions will be held on 23-24 March 2021. The Geneva International Discussions were launched on the basis of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The discussions are held within the frames of two Working Groups, where participants are represented in their individual capacity. In the first Working Group talks are focused on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, while in second Working Group – on humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as on the issues related to safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News