21 June 2018 On 18 June 2018, theU.S. Senate passed its version of the Fiscal Year 2019 defense authorization Act, (NDAA), which defines the policy and budgetary priorities of the US Department of Defense for the 2019 fiscal year. According to the Act, Georgia, along with the Black Sea and Baltic States is referred to as an ally and partner of the United States, in the context of European security. Section 1235 of the Bill (SENSE OF SENATE ON ENHANCING DETERRENCE AGAINST RUSSIAN AGGRESSION IN EUROPE) concerns deterrence of the Russian aggressionin Europe and contains important messages for Georgia. The Bill says that to protect the national security of the United States, it is the policy of the United States to pursue an integrated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, long-term strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian aggression. The document, in particular, indicates that in order to strengthen the defense of allies and partners in Europe, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States European Command, should support robust security assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assistance, to strengthen the defense capabilities and readiness of Georgia, and improve interoperability with NATO forces. The US Senate calls on the administration to develop and implement a comprehensive security cooperation strategy that rationalizes and prioritizes support for allies and partners in Europe, including Georgia. The document also highlights the importance of increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exercises in the Black Sea with the participation of Ukraine and Georgia. The US Senate affirms support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO; the bill calls on the US Administration to promote the contribution of sufficient resources by NATO allies for the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package, and encourage NATO allies to make full use of the NATO–Georgian Joint Training and Evaluation Center. The fact that the US Congress acts highlight Georgia’s national interest and security is yet another clear proof of the firm bicameral support of the US Congress for Georgia, and also points to the importance of Georgia on the US political agenda. The Senate version of the Fiscal Year 2019 defense authorization Act (NDAA) refers to Georgia as a valuable friend, and supports the deepening of Georgia-US co-operation. The document highlights the importance of the European Deterrence Initiative (EDI) in developing the capacities of the partner and in creating a more peaceful environment in the region. Documents Similar News