14 March 2019 14.03.2019, Tbilisi – The Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani held a meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps accredited in Georgia to inform them on the death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia in uncertain circumstances in Georgia’s occupied Abkhazia region. According to the Minister, Georgian citizen Irakli Kvaratskhelia was illegally detained on 10 March 2019, at the occupation line and was taken to Russia’s military base in the Nabakevi village where he died. In the words of Zalkaliani, the body of the Georgian citizen has been brought to Georgia-controlled territory and the Levan Samkharauli Forensic Bureau is currently investigating the case to determine the objective circumstances surrounding his death. Speaking before the representatives of the international community, David Zalkaliani urged them to give due assessment to the increasing number of human rights violations and murders in Georgia’s occupied territories. According to the Minister, this tendency clearly points to the need to impose restrictive measures on persons included in the “Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list” in order to ensure the prevention of gross human rights violations and ethnically motivated facts of violence in Georgia’s occupied regions. Following the meeting, Acting U.S, Ambassador Elizabeth Rood made a comment saying that the United States will wait for the results of the forensic investigation but in the meantime, it is important to show support for Georgia. “The U.S. Human Rights Reportpublished in Washington yesterday points to the arbitrary detention and deprivation of life of Georgian citizens in the custody of Russian and de-facto authorities of Abkhaiza and South Ossetia along the administrative boundary lines. It appears that the case of Kvaratskhelia is the latest tragic example of this phenomenon. The United States will wait to understand more facts of the case the results of the forensic investigation but in the meantime, it is important that we again stress our support for Georgia in the Geneva International Discussions and other for a to deal with the security and humanitarian consequences and to call on Russia to abide by the ceasefire 2018 and withdraw its forces to pre-conflict positions”. The French Ambassador to Georgia Pascal Meunier expressed the hope that the investigation will be transparent and will establish the truth. Documents Similar News