10 December 2024 “The current government of Georgia is the one who created the solid foundation for the irreversibility of Georgia’s European future and from 2014 when we signed the Association Agreement remains firmly faithful to the commitments related to European integration” - This was stated by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, during a press conference held following her meeting with her Hungarian counterpart, Péter Szijjártó. According to her, Georgia’s key foreign policy priority is European integration. This priority is backed by our history, identity and will of Georgian people. In the words of the Minister, certain forces are attempting to use this issue for political purposes. “Regretfully, some internal and external actors use this vital issue only for political speculations. The European future, which is supported by the vast majority of Georgian citizens, is used to fuel polarization in society and form an additional threat to the country's stability and security” - the Minister said. According to her, when it comes to relations with European partners, it is important that cooperation is based on mutual respect. “We cherish our partnership with the European Union, with every single EU member state. We also expect that this partnership is based on mutual respect. Sadly, this is not always the case and I would like to extend my gratitude to Hungary for respecting Georgia's statehood, sovereignty and democracy. It is alarming to observe the scale of intention not to legitimize the democratic choice of Georgian people. Despite the fact that more than 2 millions of Georgians voted in the parliamentary elections and expressed their political choice in the presence of an unprecedented number of international and local observers, speculations related to the elections do not stop. It is also alarming to observe how much pressure is put on international observation missions from certain actors to influence their independent work. All these undermine the reputation of international institutions and also pose a very serious threat to democratic development” – the Minister stated. She expressed hope that next week, when European leaders discuss Georgia, their decision will be based on objective reality. She once again thanked Hungary for its steadfast support and expressed readiness for close cooperation. Notably, this marks Maka Botchorishvili's first official working visit to Hungary as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia. Documents Similar News