12 April 2022 On 11 April 2022, the OSCE High Commissioner on National Minorities, Kairat Abdrakhmanov, paid a visit to Georgia. It needs to be highlighted that this is his first visit to Georgia as High Commissioner. Within the framework of the visit, on 12 April, the High Commissioner met with the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia. During the meeting, the sides discussed the issues relating to close cooperation between Georgia and the Office of the High Commissioner, in particular, the issues of support for national minorities, civic equality and integration. Lasha Darsalia noted that the cornerstone of this policy is the state strategy for civic equality and integration. The First Deputy Minister thanked the High Commissioner and his team for supporting the strategy and its implementation. The High Commissioner underlined the success achieved by Georgia in terms of integration of national minorities and noted that Georgia's efforts are exemplary and its experience in the field should be shared with other states. The sides discussed the Russian-Georgian conflict and related issues. Lasha Darsalia provided the High Commissioner with comprehensive information on the dire humanitarian and human rights situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and drew attention to the increasing ethnic discrimination against Georgians in these regions. He also noted that hundreds of thousands of internally displaced persons and refugees are deprived of the right to a safe and dignified return to their homes. It is noteworthy that during the visit, the OSCE High Commissioner will visit the occupation line on 13 April and will get acquainted with the situation there. The conversation also touched upon the dire situation created by Russia as a result of the ongoing military aggression against Ukraine. The First Deputy Foreign Minister strongly condemned Russia's aggression against Ukraine and reaffirmed Georgia's solidarity with Ukraine and its unwavering support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty within its internationally recognized borders. During the visit, the OSCE High Commissioner will hold meetings with the President, the Prime Minister, the Deputy Speaker of Parliament, the State Minister for Reconciliation and Civic Equality and other senior officials, as well as with representatives of civil society and international organizations. Documents Similar News