19 July 2021 Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova share a common vision of their future path - membership in the European Union, and they need the support of the EU in this, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the first session of the Batumi International Conference "Three Nations - One Choice: Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine on the move". The President noted that today the three countries are meeting for the first time as Associated Partners of the European Union at the highest level. "We have common aspirations today, because we have common visions of tomorrow. This is full membership in the EU. Equality, freedom and democracy. Unfortunately, our countries are united not only by aspirations, but also by the price we paid for them. We know what annexation is, what occupation is, what war is,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Ukrainian President noted that the first place from which he began his visit to Georgia was the village of Abastumani, behind which occupied Abkhazia is located. The President noted that the situation reminded him of what he sees in Ukraine when visiting areas near the temporarily occupied territories - when the delimitation line separates two worlds: light, modern and safe and gray, abandoned and disenfranchised. "In such moments, you especially understand the importance of making the right choice for the future of the country. Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova made it. And today we have come together to make that choice a reality. The meeting in the format of the Associated Trio forms a new regional dimension for EU enlargement, which will cover our three countries. Without them, the picture of the European project will look like an unfinished puzzle, which lacks at least these three, in my opinion, important particles," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. "I am happy that President of the European Council Charles Michel shares this view and has expressed his support for the Associated Trio's initiative. The fact that you joined us today shows that you sincerely want us to join you tomorrow," the Head of State added. Documents Similar News