30 June 2024 On 29 June 2024, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia took part in the annual forum titled "Dire Straits and Safe Passages" held in Dubrovnik, Republic of Croatia. During the forum, Deputy Minister Janjalia delivered a speech at the panel "Quo vadis Europa?", which focused on the future of Europe and its security challenges. In his address, he highlighted the common challenges and risks faced by both the EU and Georgia. He emphasized that Georgia, having experienced Russia's aggression firsthand, understands the security challenges Europe faces today. He underscored the importance of long-term peace and stability in the region and discussed the new geopolitical reality shaped by the ongoing full-scale war in Ukraine. He also spoke about implementing a new strategy for the long-term security and development of the Black Sea region and the crucial role of EU and NATO involvement in regional stability. Teimuraz Janjalia also touched on the potential for EU expansion and the steps Georgia has taken in this direction. He reiterated Georgia's strong commitment to its primary foreign policy goals, including European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and its aspiration for consistent and irreversible progress. The Deputy Minister highlighted Georgia's capabilities as a transport and energy hub and the significant role of the Black Sea region in ensuring connectivity, including Europe's energy security. European Commissioner Dubravka Šuica, the Deputy Prime Minister of Slovenia and Minister of Foreign and European Affairs, Tanja Fajon, and the Director General for European and Economic Affairs of the Federal Ministry of European and International Affairs of Austria, Elisabeth Kornfeind, also participated in the panel. On the sidelines of the Dubrovnik Forum, Deputy Minister Janjalia met with Andreja Metelko-Zgombić, the State Secretary for Europe at the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of the Republic of Croatia and Frano Matušić, Croatian State Secretary for Political Affairs. He expressed gratitude to the Croatian side for its strong support in Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. The meetings emphasized the close, friendly relations between Georgia and Croatia and explored future opportunities for bilateral cooperation. Discussions also covered Georgia's European integration efforts, with information shared on fulfilling obligations undertaken with the European Union. The Croatian side stressed the importance of reforms and meeting obligations in light of European integration opportunities and reaffirmed its support for Georgia on this path. Documents Similar News