13 June 2018 The European Parliament held a plenary session on the occupied territories of Georgia 10 years after the Russian aggression on 12 June 2018. The high representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini and more than thirty European Parliament members from eight different political groups took part in discussions on Russian aggression in Georgia. Most of the speakers condemned the Russian occupation and expressed their support for Georgia’s territorial integrity. MPs also called on Russia to fulfil the 2008 ceasefire agreement, remove its troops from Georgian territories and stop the violation of people's’ rights on ethnic grounds there. According to the high representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini Ten years after the war in 2008 in Georgia, we haven't stopped working for peace and for a true solution to the conflict. I thank this Parliament for having this debate today. The European Union has a very special role to play, particularly because of the EU Monitoring Mission to Georgia. To date, it is the only international monitoring presence in the field. “The Mission has fulfilled an indispensable function of stabilisation, to the benefit of all the communities afflicted by the conflict” – Mogherini said. “Very recently, the Syrian Arab Republic also announced that it would establish diplomatic relations with Abkhazia and South Ossetia. We immediately condemned this move, together with the entire international community. It is a violation of international law, and it will only make the resolution of the conflict more difficult to achieve. We are also denouncing the steps taken by Moscow to consolidate what it calls "new realities" on the ground. Among other things, we do not accept Russia's military build-up in the breakaway entities and its construction of physical barriers on the dividing lines” - the high representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini. Mogherini reminded Russia that its actions represent a violation of the fundamental principles of international law and are unacceptable. “It is not only unacceptable for the violation of international law, but first and foremost for the impact it has on all the people in the two entities, elsewhere in Georgia, and in the entire region.We support all initiatives that can help re-establish confidence between the sides.All our actions within the two regions are fully coordinated – and I would like to underline this because it is a very important point - and approved by the Government of Georgia, and fully in line with the Georgian engagement policy” – she said. As the Vice-President of the European Parliament Heidi Hautala said, August 8, 2018 served as a turning point for the international order as it made clear that Russia is ready to forcefully violate the territorial integrity of the neighboring countries. On the other hand, the Chairman of Foreign Affairs Committee at EP, David McAllister from the European People's Party said, the steps made by Russia aimed at annexation of Georgian regions are concerning. He called on Russia to fully comply with its obligations under ceasefire agreement. Moreover, the Euronest Chair Rebecca Harms has said that in current situation, when Georgia refuses to resolve the conflict by force, "any compromise to Russia would be disastrous for Georgia.” The EP resolution on "Georgia’s occupied territories ten years after Russian Aggression” will be voted on June 14. Documents Similar News