24 June 2021 The foreign ministers of Georgia, Moldova, and Ukraine are together in Brussels for their first joint visit to the EU since the three countries formalised the format of ‘Associated Trio’ last May.The Belgian publication “Euractiv” published an article where David Zalkaliani, Aureliu Ciocoim and Dmytro Kuleba highlight their countries’ higher EU ambition. “Seven years ago, on 27 June 2014, our countries – Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine – took a historic and decisive step towards their European future as they signed the Association Agreements with the European Union” – reads the article. “These agreements essentially upgraded the relations of the three Eastern Partners with the European Union and placed them firmly on the political and economic map of Europe, recognizing our states’ European aspirations as well as common history and values we share with the rest of Europe. The EU became our first trade partner, major investor and destination for millions of our citizens travelling visa-free. The agreements provide a framework for enhanced political association and economic integration between the EU and the Associated Partners gradually leading them towards integration into the EU Internal Market. The agreements serve as effective and comprehensive guides to the dynamic reform processes in the three Associated Partners. For the EU, these became also powerful instruments to accompany and assist us along the road of this historic and challenging transformation” – indicate the Ministers. The Ministers pay special attention to the security challenges emanating from Russia. “Russia’s attempted annexation and illegal occupation of the territories of Georgia, Ukraine and the unresolved conflict in the Transnistrian region of the Republic of Moldova have severely threatened the sovereignty and undermined the territorial integrity of our countries. These violations of international law have significantly destabilized European and regional security and undermined the rules-based international order. We look forward to working together with the EU to promote peace and security in the region” – the diplomats point out adding that being three independent nations, Georgia, Ukraine ad Moldova are united behind our European choice and the desire to bring their relations with the EU to a new level. According to them, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine have already gained significant experience in cooperating and coordinating on the path of our European integration, including within the Eastern Partnership (EaP) format. Setting the Association Trio reflects their aspirations to become members of the European Union, affirms our commitment to further progress in implementing Association Agreements with the EU and explores a new momentum for the strategic development of the EaP with regard to ambitions and progress of partners. “Beyond the overarching goal to achieve membership in the European Union, the Association Trio will work on expanding, in addition to DCFTA-related issues, the agenda of dialogues between European Commission and partners to new thematic areas such as transport, energy, digital transformation, green economy, education, justice and home affairs, strategic communications, healthcare, culture etc” – reads the article. Documents Similar News