15 June 2021 On 15 June 2021, a meeting was held between the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani and the Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), Helga Schmid. David Zalkaliani thanked the OSCE Secretary General for her visit to Georgia and her participation in the official launch of the OSCE-implemented infrastructure rehabilitation project in the village of Tsitsagiantkari. The Minister also highlighted the importance of OSCE’s involvement in peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict and Helga Schmid’s participation in Ergneti Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism meeting. The Vice Prime Minister expressed his concern over the security situation in the Black Sea and South Caucasus regions, as well as Russia’s increased presence and destructive activities in the region. Zalkaliani updated the OSCE Secretary General on Russia’s steps towards the actual annexation of Georgia’s occupied territories. The sides underscored that growing military build-up in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, ongoing illegal borderization, illegal detentions and kidnappings of local residents, among them, the illegal detention of Georgian citizen Gakheladze, closure of the occupation line, restriction of free movement, gross violation of human rights, ethnic discrimination and other illegal activities are aimed at destabilizing and further complicating the situation on the ground. According to the Foreign Minister, it is necessary to take urgent steps to address this issue and to ensure that our illegally detained citizens are immediately released. The sides emphasized the necessity of resuming without preconditions the meetings of the Gali Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism. Referring to the judgment of the European Court of Human Rights in the caseGeorgia v. Russia, Zalkaliani described it as Georgia’s unprecedented international victory saying that this judgement lays down the firm groundwork for the success of Georgia’s efforts to achieve the de-occupation of Georgian territories and protection of human rights of the people affected by the Russian aggression. The Georgian Foreign Minister provided the OSCE Secretary General with detailed information on Georgia’s peaceful conflict resolution policy. The sides emphasized the need to achieve progress on such key items on the agenda as the creation of international security mechanisms on the ground, non-use of force, return of refuges and IDPs to the places of their origin. The sides put a special accent on the Georgia’s reconciliation and engagement policy, including on the implementation of the Government’s peace initiative “A Step towards a Better Future”. Helga Schmid reaffirmed the OSCE ’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and its commitment to remain engaged in the peaceful resolution of the conflict. Talking points also included Georgia’s role in peacemaking efforts in the South Caucasus region and Georgia’s commitment to take an active part in the development of cooperation between the countries that will contribute to the European and American partners’ efforts in the region. Documents Similar News