26 January 2021 Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia held a meeting with the European Union Special Representative for the South Caucasus and the Crisis in Georgia, Co-Chair of the Geneva International Discussions, Toivo Klaar. Assessing the 51st round of Geneva International Discussions, the sides discussed in detail the difficult security, humanitarian and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories reaffirming the need to achieve the progress in the Geneva International Discussions. The Deputy Minister updated the Special Representative on Russia’s recent provocations. In this regard, special emphasis was put on the illegal detention of Georgian citizens, the so called borderisation process and free movement restrictions, ethnic discrimination and banning of medical evacuations. Lasha Darsalia underscored the need to deliver justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili. Particular attention was paid to the increasing pace of annexation process by Russia. The sides highlighted the need of unconditional restoration of the Gali Incident prevention and response mechanism (IPRM), as well as Ergneti meetings. Highlighting the importance of the European Court of Human Rights Judgement on the Russia-Georgia war of August, Lasha Darsalia stressed that the judgement delivered by the Strasbourg Court unequivocally confirms the occupation of, and exercising effective control over the Georgian territories by the Russian Federation; violations of the ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008; Russia’s responsibility for the violation fundamental human rights in the occupied territories of Georgia. Stressing the importance of achieving tangible progress in the Geneva International Discussions, the sides also spoke about the need for Russia to comply with the EU-mediated ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008. The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister thanked the European Union Special Representative for the South Caucasus and the Crisis in Georgia for active involvement in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. Documents Similar News