24 April 2019 24.04.2019, Strasbourg – The 1344th meeting of the Committee of Ministers Deputies of the Council of Europereviewed the19th Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia, on 24 April 2019. The Report prepared by the Secretary General of the Council of Europe covers the period from October 2018 to March. Highlighting the difficult human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia paid special attention to the installation of barbed wires and other artificial barriers along the occupation line. According to him, such acts have a very negative impact on the daily life of the population depriving them of their fundamental right to free movement, property, education in the native language, etc. The Deputy Minister updated the Committee of Ministers Deputies on the suspicious death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia at the Russian military base deployed in Abkhazia. He stressed that this fact once again points to the necessity of consolidating international effortsin order toput an end to human rights violations and impunity. Lasha Darsalia also emphasized need for the international community’s support for the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list and the importance of imposing sanctions on the persons included in the list, to prevent violence on ethnic lines and the further aggravation of the already difficult humanitarian situation on the ground. He called on Russia to comply with its obligations under the 12 August Ceasefire Agreement. The Deputy Minister also spoke about the occupation regime’s persecution of human rights activist Tamar Mearakishvili living in Akhalgori. In this context he highlighted the need of the international community’s immediate action and the importance of granting international monitoring mechanisms an access to the occupied territories. Lasha Darsalia also provided the Committee with information on the so-called law adopted by the Sokhumi occupation regime, which imposes death penalty for export, import and/or transit of narcotic drugs. Lasha Darsalia spoke extensively about the Georgian government’s steps towards peaceful resolution of the conflicts, as well as confidence building and engagement policy. The importance of the Geneva International Discussions was also highlighted in this context. During the review of the Conflict in Georgia Report, statements in support for Georgia were made on behalf of the EU and GUAM. In the statements the EU and GUAM reaffirm their strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the Council of Europe Secretary General’s 199h Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia, as well as the statements made in support for Georgia by the European Union, GUAM and other partners of Georgia. The Ministry highlights that the conflict in Georgia will remain on the Council of Europe’s future political agenda. Documents Similar News