24 April 2019 24.04.2019, Tbilisi – Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani played host to his Serbian Foreign MinisterIvicaDacic. Within the framework of the visit, the two ministers signed a joint declaration and memorandum of understanding on co-operation between the Ministry of Education, Science, Culture and Sport and the Ministry of Youth and Sport of the Republic of Serbia. Discussions focused on issues relating to bilateral and multilateral cooperation. Positive appraisal was given to the recent high-level visits, including the visit of the Georgian Foreign Minister and the Chairman of the Parliament to Belgrade and the Serbian Prime Minister and the Chairman of the Parliament to Tbilisi. The sides highlighted the importance of assignment of Georgia’s diplomatic representative to Belgrade and the opening of honorary consulate that will further contribute to the deepening of relations between the two countries. At a joint press conference the two ministers held following their meeting, Zalkaliani said that close historical and cultural ties between Georgia and Serbia are based on commitment to common fundamental European values, including adherence to the universal principles of international law. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, special attention during the meeting was paid to economic issues. The sides positively appraised the inter-governmental economic commission the inaugural meeting of which is scheduled to take place in July 2019, in Tbilisi, and the forthcoming Georgia-Serbia business forum. Zalkaliani said that Georgia will actively co-operate with Serbia to benefit from Serbia’s EU integration experience. A good example of such co-operation is a dialogue on EU issues held on 18 April 2019. According to Zalkaliani, at the meeting with the Serbian colleague, discussions focused on the challenges facing the region. The Serbian side was updated on Russia’s illegal activities in Georgia’s occupied territories. “We spoke about the conflict resolution issues, including on the progress made in the process of Geneva Discussions. We reaffirmed our irreversible foreign policy course aimed at Georgia’s integration with European and Euro-Atlantic structures. We maintain principled position with respect to each other’s sovereignty and territorial integrity” – Zalkaliani said. Special accent was put on the importance of visa-free travel in terms of deepening people-to-people contacts and strengthening tourism co-operation. The possibility of launching direct flights between Georgia and Serbia was also highlighted. At the end of the meeting Zalkaliani thanked his Serbian colleague for his personal contribution to the deepening of relations between Georgia and Serbia. Documents Similar News