24 April 2018 24.04.2018, New York –Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze spoke about the Georgian Government’s peace initiative and the difficult human rights situation in the occupied regions. Mikheil Janelidze participated in the UN General Assembly’s high level meeting on peacebuilding and sustaining peace. The joint efforts and responsibility of the international community in establishing and maintaining international peace was the main topic of his remarks delivered at the UN Headquarters. Mikheil Janelidze paid special attention to the difficult situation resulting from the occupation regime’s gross violation of human rights in Georgia’s occupied regions, as well as from denying access for the international community to these territories. "The suspension of the UN monitoring mission mandate in Georgia as a result of a veto in the UN security council as well as of OSCE monitoring mission in the aftermath of Russia’s military aggression in 2008 created an international vacuum in occupied regions where arbitrary detention, kidnapping and murder have become the norm" - Janelidze said. According to him, despite the growing awareness and calls from international community, as well as UN Human Rights Council Resolutions, no progress has been reached on ensuring human rights monitoring presence on the ground, on creating international security arrangements under the 2008 August Ceasefire Agreement, as well as on preventing violations of human rights and murders of civilians. "A month ago, a Georgian IDP Archil Tatunashvili, who crossed the occupation line, was detained and killed by the occupying power in Tskhinvali region - the perpetrator is at large. Before, there was the murder of another IDP Giga Otkhozoria on the occupation line of Abkhazia region – again, perpetrator is at large. Hundreds of thousands of IDPs are not allowed to go back to their homes, and those who live there are subject to full discrimination having no any basic rights” – Janelidze said. In this context, he underlined the need to comply with international norms and principles for resolving the conflict stating that “Justice and peace are intrinsically linked - chances of achieving lasting and sustainable peace without addressing this fundamental question is practically impossible”. The Minister reaffirmed the Georgian government’s strong commitment to peaceful resolution of the conflict expressing his gratitude for the support of the international community in this regard. Mikheil Janelidze once again highlighted the Government’s peace initiative - Step toward a Better Future – aimed at bringing closer the communities across the dividing lines and opening access for the people living inside the two regions to the benefits available to the citizens of Georgia as a result of reforms and EU integration. “Despite all the provocations and barriers on the road, Government of Georgia continues making bold actions under the reconciliation and engagement policy to build confidence, better economic ties and foster people-to-people contacts across the dividing lines. This is an ambitious initiative that the Government of Georgia pursues without any politization. We appreciate the support expressed by the international community to this endeavor and we hope to have your active engagement in the process”– Janelidze said On closing, the Foreign Minister thanked all the peacekeepers across the globe for their efforts reaffirming Georgia’s commitment to continue to contribute to the international peacekeeping efforts. Documents Similar News