7 August 2018 07.08.2018, Tbilisi – “One of the main aims of today’s roundtable was to draw the international community’s attention to the Russia-Georgia conflict. Despite the fact that there is no open military confrontation, the situation in the ground cannot be qualified as peace. Achieving conflict resolution and long-term peace calls for more concentrated efforts both from Georgia and the international community” - The Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said at the roundtable held with the participation of the Foreign Ministers of Latvia, Lithuania and Poland, and the Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine. David Zalkaliani thanked the high-level guests for arriving in Georgia. According to him their visit ten years after the Russia-Georgia is a clear demonstration of solidarity with Georgia. The Georgian Foreign Minister highlighted that 10 years after the war, Russia still continues the occupation of Georgia and even takes steps towards the annexation of its territories. He spoke extensively about the violations of the Ceasefire Agreement and the difficult human rights situation in the occupied territories. Special attention was paid to the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli. “Georgia continues to pursue the peaceful resolution of the conflict. Our peace policy is directed at the de-occupation of Georgia’s territories, the return of refugees to the places of their origin and the reconciliation between the communities torn apart by the dividing lines”. Accoridng to Zalkaliani, the Georgian Government’s new initiative “A step towards a Better Future” is yet another important step in this direction. The roundtable “Peace and Security – 10 Years Since the Russia-Georgia War” organised by Georgia’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs on 7 August was attended by the President of Georgia, Prime Minister, Parliament Speaker, Foreign Minister, State Minister for Reconciliation and Civic Equality, as well as Foreign Ministers from Poland, Lithuania and Latvia and Vice Prime Minister from Ukraine. Documents Similar News