3 November 2018 My dear colleagues, my dear friends! Let me extend my warmest congratulations on this professional holiday – Day of Diplomacy! The Georgian Foreign Ministry and the Georgian diplomatic corps have always stood at the forefront of Georgia’s freedom and development. 2018 marks the 100th anniversary since the day when the Ministry of Foreign Affairs – then the Ministry of External Affairs (1918-1921) carrying the staff of only 40 diplomats embarked on the path of upholding the freedom of the first Democratic Republic of Georgia! We have come along the same path since the restoration of independence – in the 1990s. I recall the first generation of Georgian diplomats – professionals whose activities and efforts were infused with patriotic fervor. This generation has entered many glorious chapters in the history of Georgia – fight for the strengthening of Georgia’s independence, for restoration of Georgia’s territorial integrity, for helping the country to gain its rightful place in the world. I recall the magnificent firework of glorious days: when Georgia was recognized as an independent state by the international community, when Georgia became a member of the United Nations Organization and the flag of Georgia was raised in New York, Istanbul Summit and withdrawal of Russian military bases from Georgia, Georgia’s first claim to European and Euro-Atlantic integration, Georgia’s inclusion into the energy and transit projects of global importance. I recall a great number of international forums of those days where Georgia was making its voice soundlouder and louder. Unfortunately, many representatives of the first generation diplomats are no longer alive but their names have been immortalized through the successes of our country. Today we have a remarkable new generation of diplomats. They represent the country, which, due to its development and progress, is one of the outstanding members of democratic Europe. The international community is perfectly aware that the Georgian state has only noble aims. We only seek friends and consider any challenge facing the present-day world as our own challenge. We are committed to making our own contribution towards ensuring global security and peaceful future of the world. Our goal is crystal clear: full-scale integration with the European and Euro-Atlantic structures. The restoration of territorial integrity remains a key challenge Georgian diplomacy is confronted with. However, I believe that Georgia with its new opportunities, peace and irreversible course of development will be able to achieve the restoration of territorial integrity. Extending my warmest congratulations, I’d also like to assure you, all Georgian diplomats, their families and the Foreign Service as a whole that we place great value on you and stand beside you to help you employ your professionalism and your commitments and roadmap to chart an untrammeled path for Georgia through the international political agenda pervaded with challenges. My dear friends, Let me thank you for your fervent enthusiasm, genuine patriotism and dedication and wish you many victories and successes to the benefit of Georgia and assure you that your country duly appreciates your efforts and contributions. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia David Zalkaliani Documents Similar News