30 August 2022 On 30 August 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia, participated in the Bled Strategic Forum. International conference called "The Rule of Power or the Power of Rules" was held in in Bled, Slovenia. The deputy minister made a speech at the panel organized within the framework of the forum dedicated to Europe’s Eastern neighborhood and its future ('Europe's Eastern Neighborhood: Knocking on the EU's door'). In his speech, Teimuraz Janjalia talked about Georgia-EU relations and emphasized the historical importance of the European Council's decision to recognize the European perspective for Georgia. The Deputy Minister informed the invited guests about the vision of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs regarding the future of the Eastern Partnership and the current progress in the implementation of the Association Agreement. He also spoke about the process of implementation of the European Commission’s recommendations. Teimuraz Janjalia drew attention to the common challenges facing the European Union and Georgia against the background of the complicated geopolitical situation in the region. Along with Teimuraz Janjalia, the discussion panelists were also Maciej Popowski - Acting Director General of the European Commission's Directorate General for Neighborhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations, Cristina Gerasimova - Head of the Administration of the President of Moldova and Senior Advisor to the President, and Steven BlockmansDirector of Research at theCenterforEuropean Policy Studies(CEPS). On the sidelines of the forum, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs held bilateral meetings with the Acting Director General of the General Directorate of Neighborhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations of the European Commission Maciej Popowski, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria, Velislava Petrova and experts working on the European Union, during which the conversation touched on the specific aspects of cooperation in terms of European integration of Georgia. The Bled Strategic Forum has been held annually since 2006. The event is dedicated to current issues of European and global politics. Documents Similar News