11 September 2023 Within the framework of the Conference of Honorary Consuls, the participants got acquainted with the seafaring capacities of Georgia as a country of the Black Sea region, the economic and investment potential of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara, and the development prospects of the Batumi Sea Port. It was noted that Adjara makes a significant contribution to the economic development of Georgia. It is one of the most interesting and popular regions in terms of both business and tourism, which is due to its coastal location, strategic importance, simple and liberal tax system, rich natural resources and modern infrastructure. The participants of the Conference received detailed information about the large investment and tourism projects implemented for the development of Adjara as a four-season resort. It was emphasized that the creation of tourist infrastructure, development and promotion of new tourist destinations is the main priority of the government of Adjara. The honorary consuls also got acquainted with the trends of economic growth in the region. A separate presentation was devoted to operational and technical capacities of the Batumi port, expansion of port infrastructure and implementation of relevant projects. It was emphasized that Batumi is one of the main transport corridors connecting the East and the West, and everything is being done to turn this beautiful city of Adjara into a global transit and trade hub. As the speakers said, the development of these areas is directly related to the economic progress and prosperity of both the region and the country as a whole. It should be noted that the first conference of honorary consuls was held in 2022. Currently, Georgia has 90 honorary consuls in 65 countries. This year, the network of honorary consuls of Georgia has expanded even more, in particular, honorary consuls have been appointed in Poland, USA and Croatia. The Honorary Consul Institute plays an important role in developing trade-economic, scientific-technical and cultural cooperation of Georgia with partner countries, as well as in attracting investments and encouraging tourism. Their involvement in promoting Georgia as a stable and attractive destination is also significant. Documents Similar News