29 October 2018 30.10.2018, Tbilisi – Within the framework of his visit to Turkey, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani participated in the trilateral Azerbaijan-Turkey-Georgia meeting held in Istanbul. The Ministers highly appraised the trilateral format, which, according to them, has transformed into a unique, comprehensive and regional co-operation mechanism allowing the parties to discuss various issues relating to trilateral co-operation. “We highly value Azerbaijan and Turkey as Georgia’s trusted partners and allies. I am confident that our joint efforts will contribute to the improvement of strategic partnership. Our co-operation is of tremendous importance against the backgrounds of increasing threats to peace and stability in the region” – the Georgian Foreign Minister said at the joint press-conference held within the trilateral format. According to David Zalkaliani, Georgia is interested in strengthening peace, stability and security in the region, as well as in developing co-operation with Azerbaijan and Turkey in the areas of economy, transport, energy, tourism, culture and other areas. “We attach great importance to the implementation of the common energy and transport projects. Georgia, Azerbaijan and Turkey are located at the energy and transport crossroads, and these countries play a key role in supplying hydrocarbons from the Caspian Sea to the European market. We have successfully implemented the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan and Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum energy projects. Moreover, we are prepared to renew our strong and consolidated efforts for the implementation of the South Corridor and the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars Railway Projects, which create a very competitive route providing connection between Europe and Asia” – Zalkaliani said. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia, due to its strategic location between Europe and Asia continues to serve as a link between the historical civilizations. In this context, he highlighted the Georgian Prime Minister’s initiative on the conduction of “Tbilisi Forum”. Let me draw your attention to Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze’s important initiative on the launch of the Tbilisi Forum which is aimed to transform the Black Sea Region and the Caucasus from the zone of confrontation into the area of peace, co-operation and development” – the Georgian Foreign Minister said. Discussing the security situation in the region the Ministers also highlighted the necessity of resolving the conflicts in compliance with the norms and principles of international law. The Georgian Foreign Minister spoke about the Georgian government’s peace policy and the importance of the international community’s support for Georgian side’s initiatives in this regard. David Zalkaliani thanked the Turkish side for hosting the trilateral meeting and congratulated the Turkish Government and people on the 95th anniversary of the foundation of the republic. Documents Similar News