4 September 2019 4.09.2019 Tbilisi - Acting Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia David Zalkaliani, at the joint session of the Parliamentary Committees on Foreign Relations, European Integration and Diaspora, delivered an extensive speech on the results of the US-Georgia Strategic Partnership and future plans. According to his assessment, nowadays Georgia-US relations are at the highest benchmark and Georgia benefits bipartisan support from the US executive and legislative powers, which is reflected in both, supreme and high-level visits, as well as supportive legislative acts adopted by the US legislature. According to him, it is unprecedented in the history of independent Georgia to submit a bipartisan draft law (“Georgia Support Act”) to Congress. This is unprecedented in its content, level and by its adoption, the US-Georgia strategic partnership will move to a whole new level and be reinforced at the legislative level. According to David Zalkaliani, the reporting period is an unprecedented active, including high-level visits and meetings. In October 2018, John Bolton, United States National Security Advisor, visited Georgia for the first time. The Georgian Prime Minister's two visits to the United States, in which the high-level meetings have been implemented with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and John Bolton, as well as with representatives of the US Congress. Successfully have been completed meetings of the US Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership on Economics, Trade and Energy, Democracy and Governance, Defense and Security. A plenary session dedicated to the 10th anniversary of the US Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership has been held, at which a joint declaration was adopted. This defines the future priorities of cooperation in all directions. For the third year in a row, the US Consolidated Appropriations Act contains important records in terms of de-occupation and non-recognition of Georgian regions. In 2019, the total amount allocated to Georgia was $ 127 million, which exceeds the last year’s budget with $ 22 million. The US National Defense Authorization Act of 2019 included records on Georgia's defense strengthening and NATO integration process. 28 congressmen have sent a bipartisan letter to US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer calling for a free trade agreement between the United States and Georgia. The US State Department has allocated $ 499,675 in order to strengthen Georgia's strategic communications. "In the direction of bilateral diplomacy, the strategic partnership with the United States as Georgia's main ally will continue and deepen, including in the areas of de-occupation, strengthening of sovereignty and security of the country, NATO integration, democratic and economic reforms," ​​Zalkaliani stated. According to his statement, in the context of relations with the United States, parallel to defense and security issues, development of trade-economic relations remains a top priority, and free trade opportunities are being actively pursued. Documents Similar News