27 October 2021 On 27 October 2021, the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia met with the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Sweden to Georgia, Ulrik Tiedestrom, to review a wide range of relations between the two countries. The sides noted with satisfaction the close political and partnership relations between Georgia and Sweden. The need to conduct high-level visits and maintain a regular political dialogue was also highlighted. The Swedish Ambassador once again thanked Georgia for its support and exemplary cooperation in the large-scale evacuation process from Afghanistan. The Georgian side, for its part, positively assessed Sweden's current chairmanship of the OSCE and the successful interaction within the organization. The sides welcomed the positive dynamics of trade and economic cooperation, the successful operation of Swedish companies in the Georgian market and expressed readiness to further deepen relations in this direction. The Successful and fruitful long-term cooperation between Georgia and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA) was also noted. The Deputy Minister positively assessed Sweden's decision to increase the budget for Georgia, within the framework of the new 7-year SIDA program. The sides underlined the importance of jointly celebrating the 30th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Sweden in 2022. At the same time, the Swedish Ambassador welcomed Georgia’s initiative to set a tradition of holding "Nordic Days" in Georgia in the future, which will significantly contribute to strengthening ties between the Georgian and Nordic peoples. The meeting also focused on Georgia's irreversible integration with the European Union and the progress already made by the country in this regard. The Deputy Foreign Minister briefed the Swedish Ambassador on Georgia's visions for gradual integration into the Union, deepening sectoral cooperation and the action plans of the "Associated Trio", as well as the expectations of the Georgian side regarding the December Eastern Partnership summit. The Swedish side, for its part, underlined Sweden's unwavering support for the choice of the Georgian people - Georgia's integration into the European Union and the ongoing reforms in this regard. The Ambassador reaffirmed Sweden's strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and stressed Sweden's special interest in further promoting European security, including through its work within the framework of the EU Monitoring Mission. The At the end of the meeting, the parties reaffirmed their readiness to continue close cooperation. Documents Similar News