26 February 2018 26.02.2018, Tbilisi – Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze delivered a speech at the UN High Level Segment of the Human Rights Council, urging the international community to pay due attention to the case of Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili. Only through international pressure, occupation and all its grave humanitarian consequences can be ended. According to the Minister, the actions committed by the occupation regimes in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions amount to discrimination based on ethnic grounds. Mikheil Janelidze reaffirmed the need to establish international human rights mechanisms. The local population is even denied minimal safeguards for their lives. I once again refer to the case of Giga Otkhozoria - an ethnic Georgian, who was shot dead by the so-called “border guards” close to the occupation line, while his murderer has been left at large. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated case. Few days ago, three Georgian citizen were detained by the occupation regime. One of them, Mr. Archil Tatunashvili according to the current information, was beaten and died. Two other detained together with Archil Tatunashvili are not still allowed to leave the occupied region. Russian occupation requires relevant consolidated response of international community. Only through international pressure, occupation and all its grave consequences can be ended, human rights protected, international law upheld. Russian occupation requires relevant consolidated response of international community. Only through international pressure, occupation and all its grave consequences can be ended, human rights protected, international law upheld Russian occupation requires relevant consolidated response of international community. Only through international pressure, occupation and all its grave consequences can be ended, human rights protected, international law upheld The Government of Georgia is committed to ensuring peaceful resolution of the conflict and to creating equal opportunities to all, including Georgian citizens living in the occupied territories. In his report, the High Commissioner concluded that practices in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions appear to amount to discriminatory patterns based on ethnic grounds. The High Commissioner is explicit that the authorities in control in Abkhazia and South Ossetia are responsible to uphold the fundamental freedoms and human rights of all people living under their control”. Stemming from the above, it is imperative to ensure the immediate access for the Office of the High Commissioner and other human rights mechanisms to Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia” Mikheil Janelidze said. According to the Foreign Minister, the difficult human rights situation is indicated in the Human Rights Council resolution on Cooperation with Georgia, which called for an immediate access for the Office of the High Commissioner and international and regional human rights mechanisms to the occupied territories of Georgia. Notwithstanding the direct call of the Resolution, the Office has been once again denied an access to both regions. Mikheil Janelidze also expressed his convern over the children prevented from receiving education in native Georgian language on the Government controlled territory, as well as over the illegally installed razor wire fences and so-called “border-signs” and the reduced number of the so-called “crossing points” depriving the local population of access to medical services, property, and other social rights. Special attention was paid to the recent demolition of the houses of IDPs in the occupied Tskhinvali region under the so-called Russian Investment Program, represents a vivid sign of the continuous ethnic cleansing and additional barrier to the process of return. Documents Similar News