14 November 2018 14.11.2018, Strasbourg – The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia spoke about the situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia during the 1329th meeting of the Committee of Ministers Deputies of the Council of Europe dedicated to the discussion of the 18th Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia, which was prepared by the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Thorbjørn Jagland. Highlighting the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and the Russian occupation troops’ recent illegal activities, Lasha Darsalia in his speech paid special attention to the installation of barbed wires and other artificial barriers along the occupation line and to the Russian occupation regime’s yet another illegal decision to launch the works with the aim to fortify the occupation line adjacent to the village of Atotsi in Kareli Municipality by installing 1-km-long artificial barriers. Lasha Darsalia brought to the attention of the attending audience the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list aiming to bring to justice all perpetrators of human rights violations against Georgians in the occupied territories and to prevent the further aggravation of the already difficult humanitarian situation. He also emphasized the international community’s support for the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list and the importance of imposing sanctions on the persons included in the list. Highlighting the importance of the Geneva International Discussions in the peaceful resolution of the conflict, the Deputy Minister paid special attention to Russia’s increasing attempts to interfere with the functioning of the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRM) in Gali and Ergneti. He underlined IPRM’s important role in avoiding the escalation of the conflict. Lasha Darsalia spoke extensively about the Georgian government’s steps towards confidence building and engagement policy. Special attention was paid to the Georgian Government’s peace initiative “A Step towards a Better Future” aiming at improving the humanitarian and social-economic situation of the population of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. On closing Lasha Darsalia thanked the Council of Europe for involvement in the peaceful resolution of the conflict underlining the importance of due assessment of Russia’s destructive activities by the international community. During the review of the Conflict in Georgia Report, statements in support for Georgia were made on behalf of the EU and GUAM. In the statements the EU and GUAM reaffirm their strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. CoE Secretary General Thorbjørn Jagland’s 18th consolidated report covers the period between April and September, 2018. The report has been published twice a year since 2010. EU statement on the SG 18th Consolidated report.docx GUAM statement.docx 18th Consolidated report on the conflict in Georgia_EN.pdf Documents Similar News