19 September 2017 19.09.2017, New York - The Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze met with the business delegation from Boston held meetings with the Foreign Ministers of Jordan, Indonesia, Yemen, Samoa, Togo and Jamaica. Mikheil Janelidze highlighted Georgia’s successful co-operation with these countries in bilateral and multilateral formats. At a meeting with Jordan Foreign Minister Ayman Al Safadi, the two ministers agreed to develop co-operation in the areas of economy, investments, healthcare, and education. Ayman Al Safadi reaffirmed the interest of the Jordan Investment Commission in close co-operation with Georgia. Mikheil Janelidze updated his colleague on Georgia’s European integration process and reform agenda. The issues of education, sport, people-to-people contacts and climate change were on the agenda of talks with the Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Samoa, Susuga Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi. Expressing Georgia’s readiness to co-operate with Samoa in the areas of sustainable development and open governance, Mikheil Janelidze thanked his colleague for Samoa’s support of Georgia within international formats. At the meeting with the Foreign Minister of Jamaica Kamina Johnson Smith, the sides expressed their interest in promoting co-operation in the areas of tourism, good governance and and many other sectors. The Foreign Minister of Jamaica highlighted the importance of sharing with Georgia Jamaica’s experience in the fight against corruption, government services, tourism management. She noted with satisfaction the successful co-operation between the anti-corruption police and the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia. The need of creating a platform of cooperation between the chamber of commerce of Jamaica and respective Georgian agencies was also underlined. Taking points with the Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi included successful co-operation between Indonesia as a growing economy in the regions and Georgia as an economic and transit hub. The Indonesian side expressed its interest in Georgia’s experience in the sector of public services. It was noted that the Indonesian delegation led by the Minister of Administrative and Bureaucratic Reforms will arrive in Georgia soon. The sides also spoke about the great potential for co-operation in tourism which will be further facilitated by Indonesia’s decision to grant Georgian citizens visa-free travel. Discussions with the foreign Minister of Togo Robert Dussey focused on the successful co-operation between the two countries in the area of education, in particular, on the fact that young people from Togo attend Georgian universities. Increasing level of bilateral relations in various sectors and successful co-operation within the international organizations was dicussed during the meeting with the Prime Minister of Yemen Abdulmalik Abduljalil Al-Mekhlafi. Documents Similar News