26 November 2024 Given Georgia's status as an EU membership candidate, it will be of particular importance and priority to strengthen bilateral relations with European countries. While maximizing the use of existing strategic partnership formats is crucial, we will also continue to establish new platforms - and promote regular consultations and political dialogue with our European partners - the candidate for Minister of Foreign Affairs, Maka Botchorishvili said during her speech at the joint session of the parliamentary committees. As Maka Botchorishvili noted, for the Georgian government, strategic partnership with the United States remains a priority and is of particular importance, especially in relation to all the key areas outlined in the U.S.-Georgia Charter on Strategic Partnership. “Our goal is to re-energize relations with the United States, which involves restoring equal, justice-based relations that reflect the interests of both parties, while renewing and developing cooperation in all areas. And this, of course, will remain a priority for the next four years” – she noted. While addressing the legislative body, the ministerial candidate highlighted the opportunities for deepening strategic relations between Georgia and the People's Republic of China. She emphasized that cooperation will continue in trade, economic, and other areas to further strengthen relations and fully utilize the existing potential. “Efforts will also continue to strengthen Georgia’s position as a key participant in the EU-Asia Connectivity strategy and plan. It is crucial that we do everything necessary to maximize the use of Georgia's transit potential. Georgia will strengthen its international cooperation for peace and development; Georgia’s visibility will increase, and diplomatic relations will deepen with countries from all regions of the world—Asia, the Middle East, Australia and the Pacific, North and South America, and Africa, aiming to establish closer ties” – Botchorishbili said. According to her, Georgia continues unwaveringly to provide humanitarian assistance to Ukraine within its capabilities and offers full diplomatic support for Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. Documents Similar News