19 June 2023 On 19 June 2023, the second round of bilateral political consultations of Georgia and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka was held in Tbilisi, at the level of deputy ministers. The consultations were led by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili from the Georgian side, and from the Sri Lankan side - by the State Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka Tharaka Balasuriya. Within the framework of the consultations, the sides discussed in detail the topical issues of the agenda of both bilateral and multilateral relations between Georgia and the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka. In this regard, the importance of high-level visits was emphasized. Both sides expressed their desire to develop cooperation in various areas of common interest, including trade, economy and investments. The importance of organizing business forums was also emphasized in this context. Special attention was paid to the possibilities of developing partnership relations in tourism, education, innovation and other fields. It was noted that the further improvement of the legal framework will contribute to the development of bilateral relations between the two countries. Speaking about cooperation within the framework of international organizations, the main emphasis was placed on issues related to the support of resolutions and candidacies. In this light, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili provided detailed information to his colleague regarding the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and underscored the importance of non-recognition policy. For his part, the head of the Sri Lankan delegation once again confirmed the steadfast position of his country's government in terms of supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. On the same day, the Sri Lankan delegation held meetings with representatives of the Georgian Innovation and Technology Agency, the National Tourism Administration of Georgia, and the Ministry of Education and Science. Documents Similar News