11 November 2021 On 11 November 2021, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani met with the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Swiss Confederation to the Russian Federation, Krystyna Marty Lang, who arrived in Georgia for a visit. The sides discussed important issues relating to bilateral relations, including Switzerland’s efforts of mediation between Georgia and Russia. David Zalkaliani expressed his gratitude for Switzerland’s strong support for Georgia's territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders, as well as for its involvement in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. Discussions focused on the serious humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, as well as on Russia’s illegal actions in the regions. David Zalkaliani provided his partners with detailed information on the dire humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, especially in the Gali and Akhalgori districts. The Foreign Minister spoke about Russia's destructive actions, including within the framework of the Geneva International Discussions. David Zalkaliani raised the issue of immediate release of Irakli Bebua and other illegally detained Georgian citizens before the Swiss mediators. He paid special attention to the need to stop the illegal borderization process, to open the crossings across the occupation line and to ensure free movement of citizens. The Foreign Minister noted the friendly and dynamic relationship established between Georgia and the Swiss Confederation. He thanked the Swiss side for its role as a mediator in Georgia’s relations with the Russian Federation. At his meeting with the Swiss Ambassador to the Russian Federation, the Foreign Minister spoke with particular acuteness about the recent demonstration of disrespect for the Georgian national flag in one of the programs on the Russian state TV channel. David Zalkaliani expressed his strong protest over the Russian state TV channel’s provocative step that can be seen as yet another proof of Russia's destructive policy directed against the sovereignty, freedom and statehood of Georgia. By taking such steps, the Russian Federation has completely disregarded the fundamental norms and principles of international law and is distancing itself from the values- and rules-based civilized world. The Minister thanked the Swiss diplomats for their assistance in addressing specific issues for the Georgian interests section in Moscow, including in ensuring the proper functioning of the consular service. Since 2009, Switzerland has represented the interests of Georgia in the Russian Federation through the Georgian Interests Section of the Embassy of Switzerland in Russia. Documents Similar News