11 March 2019 12.03.2019, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 47thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister and the Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting from the Georgian side. The sides discussed key items on the agenda of the next round of discussions, including destructive steps of Russia and the occupation regimes further aggravating the already difficult security, humanitarian and human rights situation on the ground and undermining the Georgian government’s and the international community efforts for peaceful resolution of the conflict. Special accent was placed on the closure of the occupation line in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and the resulting consequences inflicted on the local population. Through the efforts of the Georgian side and the Co-chairs, movement across the Enguri River was restored. However, the so-called checkpoints in the Tskhinvali direction remain closed. According to the Deputy Minister, blocking the movement across the occupation line brings the population of the Tskhinvali region into complete isolation and further aggravates the difficult humanitarian situation on the ground. Special attention was paid to continuous violations of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, ongoing illegal militarization and military exercises ongoing in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, severe consequences of the installation of barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers across the occupation line, and the recent illegal activities in the villages of Tsargvli, Chorchana and Atotsi. The head of the Georgian delegation extensively spoke about cases of illegal detention and kidnappings. Special accent was placed on deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories, particularly in the Akhalgori and Gali districts and the ban on native language education. It was highlighted that the grave human rights and humanitarian situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions contributes to further destabilization of the situation on the ground. The need to deliver justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli was posed most acutely. Discussions also focused on the need to reach progress the key issues on the agenda of the Geneva International Discussions: non-use of force, creation of international security arrangements on the ground and return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin. The sides expressed concern over the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism not functioning. It was noted that Ergneti meetings were restored through the joint efforts of the Georgian Government and the Co-chairs. According to the Deputy Minister, special importance will be attached to the immediate restoration of the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism, in full compliance with the fundamental principles and procedures of negotiations. The 47th round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 2 and 13 April 2019. Documents Similar News