24 March 2023 "The visit of the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany, in this very important period for Georgia, confirms Germany’s strong political support towards our country" - the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ilia Darchiashvili said at the joint press conference held after the meeting with the Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Germany, Annalena Baerbock. As he noted, the relations between Georgia and Germany are based on strong, centuries-long and common European values. According to the minister, the sides reviewed the issues on the agenda of bilateral relations and the existing close partnership between the two countries. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, the foreign ministers of the two countries emphasized the historical importance of granting Georgia a European perspective, which confirms that Georgia’s future lies in Europe and which formally clears the country's path to EU. "We highly appreciate Germany’s support for Georgia's aspirations and European choice" - Ilia Darchiashvili noted. According to him, one of the main topics of discussion during the meeting was granting a candidate status to Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili provided the German side with comprehensive information about the implementation of the European Commission’s 12 priorities and the progress achieved in this regard. "We expect that Georgia's progress will be assessed fairly and on merits, and Georgia and the European Union will celebrate another historic decision," Ilia Darchiashvili emphasized. According to the minister, the process of broad political, economic and sectoral integration with the European Union will continue through institutional and legal rapprochement, and the potential of the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area, will be utilized to its maximum extent. At the meeting of the foreign ministers of the two countries, special attention was paid to the importance of connectivity and to Georgia’s function as a strategic link connecting Europe and Asia. The necessity of strengthening Europe's energy security and Georgia's role in this process was emphasized. In this context, the sides highlighted the importance of the Black Sea submarine electricity cable and expressed the hope that Germany will be more actively involved in this field. As Ilia Darchiashvili noted, Georgia is one of the main allies of the European Union in the region and continues to participate in the EU crisis management operations. The minister thanked his German colleague for his support of Georgia's Euro-Atlantic integration process and her special contribution to the NATO-Georgia substantial package. The Georgian and German foreign ministers also discussed Russia's military aggression against Ukraine and the security environment in the region. Attention was also paid to the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied territories. Special note was taken of the significant contribution of Germany to the EU monitoring mission. The minister expressed his gratitude for Germany’s strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as for its significant contribution to the peaceful resolution of the Russian-Georgian conflict and to the non-recognition policy. According to the minister, discussions also focused on the further strengthening of trade and economic ties between the two countries and on the ways to use different formats of cooperation for this purpose. "I am sure that Georgia’s acting as the host country of the world's leading tourism exhibition ITB will be the starting point for the further strengthening of our economic cooperation, as well as people-to-people ties. It was a unique opportunity to present our culture and tourist destinations to an international audience and another clear confirmation that our country belongs in Europe", the minister said. Documents Similar News