12 September 2023 On 12 September 2023, another round of bilateral political consultations between the foreign ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Croatia was held in Tbilisi. The consultations were led by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia, from the Georgian side, and by the State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs, Frano Matušić, from the Croatian delegation. At the meeting, the sides reviewed in detail the agenda of bilateral and multilateral cooperation between Georgia and Croatia. Attention was focused on the need to continue the political dialogue and regularly hold bilateral political consultations. The Deputy Ministers positively evaluated the steps taken to deepen Georgia-Croatia relations. The significance of the official opening of the Georgian Embassy in Zagreb on 24 July of this year was emphasized. When discussing bilateral cooperation, attention was paid to the possibilities of deepening contacts between the sectoral agencies of the two countries. A special emphasis was placed on further prospects for the development of cooperation in the fields of trade, economy and tourism. The parties noted that there is a large unexploited potential between the countries in these directions, which should be used accordingly through cooperation. European and Euro-Atlantic integration issues of Georgia were discussed at the meeting. Teimuraz Janjalia provided his Croatian colleague with comprehensive information on the progress achieved by Georgia in the process of fulfilling the 12 recommendations of the European Commission. The deputy minister emphasized the need of support by the partner EU member states, including Croatia, in this important period for the country, both in the context of joining the EU and NATO. Within the framework of the consultations, significant attention was paid to the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. The sides also exchanged information about existing cooperation within international organizations. Documents Similar News