15 August 2019 The Official Representative of the Georgian Foreign Ministry Vladimer Konstantinidi has commented on the illegal works taking place in the village of Gugutiantkari, adjacent to the occupation line. “The Russian occupation forces have renewed illegal works in the village of Gugutiantkari. They are continuing erecting artificial barriers that will deprive the local population of an access to their agricultural lands, gardens and pastures. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs put in action all levers at its disposal and appealed to the international community immediately after the arrival of occupation forces in Gugutiantkari: On 7 August, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs made a statement and an official comment; meetings were held with representatives of the diplomatic corps; the Deputy Minister contacted the co-chairs of the Geneva International Discussions and the Head of the EUMM. On 8 August, the Georgian side put forward this issue at the session of the UN Security Council. The Member States of the UN Security Council condemned the illegal erection of barbed wire fences and artificial barriers across the occupation line and the dire consequences entailed by this process for the local population. On the 11th anniversary of the Russia-Georgia war, many partners of Georgia, including the U.S., the European Union, Norway, Poland, Germany, France, Great Britain, Belgium, Estonia, Ukraine and other European States. Moreover, on 8 August, the U.S. Department of State made a very strong statement condemning in strict terms the occupation forces’ activities in the village of Gugutiankari. All these steps have been taken as a result of the Ministry’s active efforts and engagement. On 14 August, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued another official statement calling on the Russian Federation to stop illegal and provocative activities against Georgia. The same day, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hosted a meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps where foreign diplomats were provided with detailed information on the illegal processes taking place on the ground. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs continues intensive work with international partners: we remain in constant contact with the co-chairs of the Geneva International Discussions; keep working with the EU Monitoring Mission; retain regular communication with our foreign partners and the diplomatic corps accredited in Tbilisi; Georgia’s embassies abroad have been instructed to mobilize international efforts. Our international partners, for their part, spare no efforts to stop the illegal process ongoing in the village adjacent to the occupation line. Yesterday the EUMM made a comment expressing its concern over the resumption of the so-called borderization process. Today, the German Foreign Ministry also commented on the developments in the village of Gugutiantkari. International support and pressure is the effective instrument which, we hope, will make it possible to deter the illegal activities of the occupation forces. We, therefore, keep working in this direction. We are also planning a visit on the ground to enable the international partners to see for themselves the consequences of the occupation forces’ illegal practices. Documents Similar News