14 March 2019 14.03.2019, Tbilisi – The Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani played host to his Vanuatuan counterpart, Ralph Regenvanu, who is paying an official visit to Georgia. The sides discussed co-operation between the two countries in the fields of education, culture, economic, healthcare and environment. Discussions also focused on the situation in the regions and the challenges facing it. The Vanuatuan side was provided with information regarding Russia’s illegal activities in Georgia’s occupied territories, the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, in particular. “We highly value the Vanuatuan Government’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders, are grateful that the Republic of Vanuatu firmly pursues the non-recognition policy with respect to Georgia’s occupied territories, in full compliance with the fundamental norms and principles of international law. We believe that the Government of Vanuatu will continue its efforts towards further strengthening the non-recognition policy internationally” – Zalkaliani said. For his part, Foreign Minister of Vanuatu Ralph Regenvanu, stated that his country firmly supports the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and is eager to share successful Georgian reforms. The sides discussed formats of multilateral and regional co-operation highlighting the importance of co-operation within the Pacific Islands Forum. “The Georgian Government considers Vanuatu as a highly important country in the Pacific region. We discussed concrete areas of co-operation between the line ministries. The sides agreed to continue an intensive dialogue for identifying potential spheres of co-operation”. At the end of the meeting, the sides signed Memorandum of Co-operation between the Foreign Ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Vanuatu. Today, Ralph Regenvanumetwith Georgian Parliament Speaker Irakli Kobakhidze.Tomorrow, he will meet with President Samome Zourabichvili. As part of the visit, Minister Regenvanu will also visit the occupation line with Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. Documents Similar News