30 May 2019 U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Commission’s Economic, Trade and Energy Working Group met in Washington, DC, on 29 May, 2019. Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Vakhtang Makharoblishvili and Deputy Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development Genadi Arveladze represented Georgia. Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Peter Haas, USAID Deputy Assistant Administrator Alexander Sokolowski, Deputy Vice Presidentof Europe, Asia, Pacific, and Latin America programs for the Department of Compact Operations at the Millennium Challenge Corporation Jonathan Brooksrepresented the United States. Within the framework of the working group, the sides discussed the ongoing cooperation between the sides on trade, economy and investments, energy, vocational education, agriculture, infrastructure and the progress achieved in these areas. Conversations also included the ways to strengthen economic relations with the population in Georgia’s occupied territories. The Georgian side expressed its gratitude for the assistance rendered to Georgia by the MCC, USAID and other U.S. institutions. The U.S. was updated on the Georgian government’s economic reforms and steps taken towards creating favourable business environment. Talking points included the implementation of the DCFTA, macroeconomic reforms, promotion of investments, creation of jobs. Deputy Foreign Minister Vakhtang Makharoblishvili informed the U.S. side on Georgia’s efforts to support trade and people-to-people contacts between the communities torn apart by the occupation lines and to improve their social-economic situation within the framework of the Georgian government’s peace initiative “A Step towards a Better Future”. For its part, the U.S. delegation expressed its support for the Georgian government’s efforts to increase the involvement of persons living in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The working group was also informed on the Georgian government’s reforms in the area of vocational education aimed at creating a flexible, efficient and quality education system. The Georgian delegation expressed its gratitude for the educational projects carried out within the Second Compact of the MCC. The government’s steps taken towards the improvement of labour rights were also one of the key topics of discussions. The sides also discussed improvements in the area of services, innovations and new technologies. Special note was taken of the importance of further developing bilateral economic and business relations. Special attention was paid to co-operations in the energy sector and agricultural reforms. In this light, the sides singled out for special mention the ongoing and implemented programmes with the support of the US Department of Agriculture and USAID. Discussions focused on cooperation in the sectors of e-trade and global digital communications. The sides expressed the hope that economic relations between Georgia and the U.S. will further develop in line with the busy political agenda. Documents Similar News