3 December 2019 03.12.2019, London – “Euro-Atlantic Stability is hardly achievable without stability in the Black Sea region” – The Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said during the discussion at the "NATO Engages: Innovating the Alliance” event on the sidelines of the NATO Leaders Meeting in London. While on the theme of the challenges facing the Black Sea Region, the Georgian Foreign Minister drew the audience’s attention to Russia’s destructive policy against Georgia. “The human rights and security situation on the ground remains extremely difficult. People are being persecuted and illegally detained. The famous Georgian doctor Vazha Gaprindashvili still remains in illegal custody. We have already consolidated the international community over this fact and still continue to do so. We are faced with the humanitarian catastrophe” – Zalkaliani said. Speaking about Georgia’s integration with NATO, the Minister underscored that Georgia’s integration with NATO is aimed at ensuring the country’s security and its democratic development, rather than being directed against any third party. According to him, Georgia is a successful aspirant country with all practical instruments for membership and is actively moving ahead towards the time when political decision on its membership is taken. “The Bucharest Summit decision clearly indicates that Georgia will become a member of NATO. All documents and declarations adopted following the Bucharest Summit reaffirm support for Georgia’s membership of NATO. We are fully aware of the existing situation and the fact that political decision is not yet taken. However, we are effectively implementing all practical instruments leading us to membership. Georgia is already acting as an ally . We are doing our utmost to bring the country to the moment when it is ready for membership. Georgia’s contribution to NATO needs to be reciprocated by NATO” - Zalkaliani said adding that Georgia is closely working with all partners and is taking active steps to prepare the country for its ultimate membership. Responding to the moderator’s question regarding Turkey as an important country of the Black Sea Region, Zalkaliani highlighted the importance of Georgia-Turkey strategic partnership stating that Turkey is an important player in ensuring Euro-Atlantic integration and Black Sea security. He thanked Turkey for supporting Georgia’s territorial integrity and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Zalkaliani called on the NATO Member States for unity.“ “There may be different positions and different evaluations among the NATO Members of the current threats and challenges but it’s really important to stay united. To maintain a united position and solidarity within NATO partners is really important, and as outsiders, as non-members of NATO, our advice is to remain united” – Zalkaliani said. “Keep Georgia on your mind” – Zalkaliani urged the attending audience on closing his remarks, which were greeted with applause. The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani spoke before the session devoted to Baltic and Black Sea security issues co-organized by the Atlantic Council, Munich Security Conference, Globsec and (Royal United Services Institute - RUSI). The session was attended by the Foreign Minister of Ukraine and the Defence Ministers of Romania, Lithuania and Estonia. Documents Similar News