14 June 2017 21.06.2017, Geneva – The High Commissioner for Human Rights presented oral update on follow-up to Human Rights Council resolution 34/37 on “Cooperation with Georgia”, within the framework of the 35th session of the UN Human Rights Council (HRC). The report deals with the assistance the High Commissioner’s Office has been rendering to Georgia focusing on the close co-operation established with the executive, legislative and judicial branches of the government, as well as with the national human rights institutions of Georgia. According to the report, OHCHR remains concerned that despite repeated requests, the Office has not been granted access by authorities in control in both Abkhazia and South Ossetia. This raises legitimate questions and concerns about the state of human rights of the populations. In his oral update, the High Commissioner paid special attention to measures such as the closing of crossing points and a so-called “borderisation” process obstructing the exercise of civil, political, social, economic and cultural rights without discrimination. It was emphasized that restrictions to freedom of movement across the occupation line hamper enjoyment of human rights and constrain confidence-building measures. In this context, OHCHR is also concerned about reports that ethnic Georgian children living in Gali district schools have no adequate access to education in their language they fully understand. OHCHR report also makes mention of the killing of Giga Otkhozoria at Khurcha crossing point, on 19 May 2016 and calls for prompt, impartial and comprehensive investigations into such serious incidents. According to the High Commissioner’s Office, all those in effective control of a territory are obliged to uphold the human rights of all people living in that territory. The appearance of the representative of the High Commissioner’s Office was followed by General Debates where the representative of the Georgian delegation spoke about Georgia’s aggressive and illegal actions and the the difficult human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, with emphasis on the facts of interference with property rights, restrictions on free movement and access to education in the native language, as well as on reported kidnappings and arbitrary detentions. The delegations of the EU, UK, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, Ukraine, Ireland, Romania, Moldova, Poland, Lithuania and Sweden also made their statements with respect to the report. Documents Similar News