12 February 2020 12.02.2020, Strasbourg – In his address, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili highlighted the importance of the EU-Georgia Association Implementation Report. “This is just one but significant example of your continuous commitment showing once again that Georgia matters for the European Parliament and that we are not left alone with myriad challenges facing us”. Speaking on the annual Association Implementation Report, Makharoblishvili said that the report underlines that Georgia’s strong commitment to European integration remains a priority and recognizes its role as a key partner in the region. The report gives a thorough account of the steps taken by Georgia for the implementation of the Association Agreement and the DCFTA. On the other hand, the report lists a number of challenges, where Georgia needs to deploy additional efforts to meet the remaining commitments under the Agreement. “Our work is based on full acknowledgement that the implementation of the Association Agreement is key to the progress of Georgia’s integration with the European Union. Despite the tangible progress, much still remains to be done to fully put in place the deep and comprehensive free trade area between the EU and Georgia” – Makharoblishvili said. He paid special attention to cooperation in the format of Eastern Partnership. According to him, the Eastern Partnership has enabled an upgrade of bilateral legal frameworks; opened up an opportunity for creation of deep and comprehensive free trade areas; brought tangible improvements in human and physical connectivity through short-stay visa-free regimes, better access to research and education. Speaking about the future of the EaP, the First Deputy Foreign Minister said that for the Partnership to remain efficient and result-oriented, it needs to stay flexible, dynamic and forward-looking, it should keep offering all partners new strategic directions and concrete milestones for greater integration with the EU. “We are fully aware that Eastern Partnership is not about membership in the EU. Though the EaP has been a strong instrument of integration. The next ambitious but viable target of the EaP might be a gradual and full access to the EU Single Market. At the same time, it is essential that the EU acknowledges that the associated countries, who remain guided by European norms and values, who fulfil their contractual commitments and develop as consolidated democracies, have a right to have the future within the European Union” – Makharoblishvili said. Documents Similar News