4 September 2019 4.09.2019, Tbilisi – “The fact that Georgia is recognized as a leader by our European partners including, and not only in the Eastern Partnership format is an importsant achievement openly recognized by everyone” - Acting Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said when speaking before the Foreign Relations Committee of the Parliament of Georgia. According to him, Georgia will continue to take consistent steps towards its ultimate goal – full-fledged membership of the EU. Georgia is actively engaged in the process aimed at determining new strategic vision of Eastersn partnership and its goals for 2020. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in coordination with other agencies is working on the government’s proposals regarding the future of Eastern Partnership that will be submitted to the EU. Work will continue for the implementation of the EU Integration Roadmap and for the development of a mechanism that will help Georgia achive compatibility with EU Acquis Work has been completed on the EU Integration Roadmap that was submitted to the EU. The document reflects the government’s realistic vision focused on achiving more functional integration with the EU and on preparing the country for the full membership of the EU. Georgia continued to successfully implement the Association Agreement including the DCFTA. Report on the National Action Plan 2018 for the Implementation of the Association Agreement and the Association Agenda and the National Action Plan 2019 were elaborated. Georgia and the EU signed 4 financing agreements under which Georgia will receive up to 145 mln euro in aid. Georgia continues to work for the implementation of 20 Eastern Partnership Deliverables for 2020. Eastern Partnership European School was launched in Tbilisi due to receive its second intake of students. Batumi hosted the high-level international conference – Georgia’s European Way to mark the 10th anniversary of Eastern Partnership. Georgia continued to successfully participate in the EU framework programmes ERASMUS+, CREATIVE EUROPE; HORIZON 2020. We continued close cooperation with the EU specialized agencies, including Europol. Cooperation agreement was signed with EuroJust. Georgia continues cooperation with the EU in the areas of defence and security by participating in the EU-led missions in Central African Republic and Mali, as well as by taking part in the high-level strategic dialogue on security issues, the third meeting of which is scheduled to be held in Tbilisi, on 25 October. On 21 November, Brussels hosted the first high-level meeting between the Georgian Government and the European Commission. A number of initiatives were launched as a result of the meeting, which will be further developed. Meetings of 6 thematic groups of the EU-Georgia Association Subcommittee on Economic and other Sector cooperation were conducted. Consultations continued with EU Member States in order to designate Georgia as a safe country of origin (today Georgia is recognized as a safe country of origin by 15 EU/Schengen countries out of 20: Bulgaria, France, Liechtenstein, Austria, Belgium, Netherlands, Iceland, Luxembourg, Ireland, Estonia, Denmark, Czech Republic, Cyprus, Slovenia. Georgia was recognized as a safe country by Switzerland as well and this will enter into force on 1 October). Documents Similar News