18 May 2017 18.05.2017, Nicosia – Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze participates in the 127th Session of the CoE Committee of Ministers. Within the framework of his visit to Cyprus, Mikheil Janelidze met his Cyprian counterpart, Foreign Minister Ioannis Kasoulides. The two Ministers highly appreciated the friendly and partner relations that have become particularly dynamic in the recent period. They reaffirmed their readiness to promote bilateral political, economic and sectoral co-operation and people-to-people contacts. The sides spoke about the importance of the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries and large-scale cultural activities that will be conducted on the occasion of this date, under the aegis of the Georgian Embassy to Cyprus. The two Ministers highlighted the importance of exchanging high-level visits and welcomed the Cyprian President’s forthcoming visit to Georgia. Discussions focused on the ways to develop sectoral co-operation in the future. Special attention was paid to the great potential of trade-economic relations. The sides welcomed the operation of direct flights between the two countries that have increased tourist flows to both countries and has also contribute to the development of co-operation in tourism. The sides paid special attention to high-level co-operation in the areas of culture and tourism. The Georgian delegation expressed its satisfaction at the effective implementation of a number of successful and unprecedented projects with the Cyprian Department of Antiquities. One of such projects, in particular, resulted in the discovery of a Georgian temple in the territory of Cyprus. The Ministers also discussed Georgia’s Eurpean integration agenda. The Cyprian Foreign Minister noted Georgia’s progress in this direction and congratulated his colleague on the launch of visa-free travel with the EU. Mikheil Janelidze brought to the attention of the Cyprian side Georgia’s plans for European integration. Special attention was paid to the preparation of the Eastern Partnership summit scheduled to be held in Brussels, on 24 November and exchanged views over Georgia’s expectations with respect to this Summit. The Ministers expressed the hope that the summit will be oriented towards the future and will set forth plans and initiatives for further integration with the EU. Mikheil Janelidze also briefed his colleague on the recent developments around the Georgian-Russian conflict and difficult human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Documents Similar News