6 May 2019 6.05.2019, Tbilisi – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani participated in the meeting of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) and the Eastern Partnership held in Bratislava. The meeting was attended by the foreign ministers of the Visegrad Group (V4) and the Eastern Partnership countries, the foreign minister of Romania as the current presidency of the EU Council, as well as by European Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy & Enlargement Negotiations Johannes Hahn, Secretary General of the European External Action Service (EEAS). HelgaSchmid, The ministers discussed prospects for the further development of co-operation between the EU and Eastern Partnership, as well as the deliverables of the Eastern Partnership format. Special accent was put on the strategic importance of Eatsern Partnership as a dimesnion of the European Neighbourhood Policy. The participants of the meeting also emphasized the need to further strengthen differentiation and more for more principles, along with the principle of inclusiveness. Discussions also focused on such issues as regional security, economic development and sectoral co-operation. Highlighting the special imporance of Eastern Partnership for Georgia, the Georgian Foreign Minister presented his vision of the plans for 2020. He spoke in detail about Georgia’s successes on the EU integration path and outlined steps that will bring Georgia closer to the EU. In this context, Zalkaliani highlighted the EU Integration Roadmap envisaging maximum use of opportunities provided by the Association Agreement. Zalkaliani also paid special attention to Georgia’s economic co-operation with the EU and the role of the DCFTA in this regard. He spoke extensively about Georgia’s economic reforms aimed at ensuring free and inclusve development and oriented towards increasing the prosperity of each citizen. Discussions also focused on Georgia's strategic role in the field of energy, transport and connectivity and increasingly as a transportation and logistics hub in the region. The importance of the European Commission’s Trans-European Transport Network (TEN-T)Investment Action Planwas also highlighted in this context. It was also emphasized that Georgia together with its partners implements the Black Sea- Caspian Sea International Transport Route. Paying special attention to the security environment in the Eastern Partnership region, the Georgian delegation stressed the importance of the High-level Security Dialogue with the EU, Black Sea security and the role of the Black Sea as a link connecting the east and west. Zalkaliani also provided his colleagues with information on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, including human rights violations and murder cases. Special note was taken of the role of the EU in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict and the Geneval International Discussions. The Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) and the Eastern Partnership countries meet once a year within the framework of the Visegrad 4 Eastern Partnership program (V4EaP), which was initiated in 2011 to enhance the cooperation between the Visegrad region and the countries of the Eastern Partnership (EaP). Documents Similar News