15 September 2021 During his visit to Brussels, on 14 September 2021, the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia, participated in the North Atlantic Council (NAC) meeting with Ukraine focusing on the Black Sea security. Lasha Darsalia reviewed regional security issues and the Russian Federation’s destructive actions, including in the occupied regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. He stressed that Moscow has consistently pursued an aggressive policy against Georgia and Ukraine, which poses a significant threat to Euro-Atlantic security as a whole. For their part, the members of the Alliance expressed their commitment to deepen cooperation with Georgia and Ukraine to ensure security on the Black Sea. The practical cooperation between Georgia and the Alliance in this direction was especially noted. The Georgian side expressed readiness to become more actively involved in NATO actions to strengthen Black Sea security. At the meeting, the members of the Alliance reaffirmed their commitment to the decision of the Bucharest Summit in 2008 and noted with gratitude that Georgia, as a future member of the Alliance, makes a significant contribution to the overall Euro-Atlantic security. The Allies positively assessed the ongoing democratic reforms in the country and underlined the positive role of Georgia in the region. During his visit to NATO Headquarters, the First Deputy Minister also met with Javier Colomina who has recently taken the office of the NATO Secretary General's Special Representative for the Caucasus and Central Asia. Lasha Darsalia congratulated the Spanish diplomat on his appointment and wished him success in his work. The sides discussed current issues on the NATO-Georgia agenda and future plans for cooperation. The conversation focused on the progress made by the country on the path of Euro-Atlantic integration. It was highlighted that Georgia is one of the closest and most compatible partners of the Alliance. After the NAC, Lasha Darsalia met with the Ukrainian delegation led by Oleksandr Litvinenko, Director of the Ukrainian Foreign Intelligence Service. Challenges facing the Black Sea region, hybrid threats from the Russian Federation and prospects for further strengthening coordination with both the Alliance and the two countries were also discussed. Documents Similar News