30 March 2023 On 30 March 2023, in Brussels, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, participated in the high-level event - "Russia`s war against Ukraine: Navigating the new reality in the EU Eastern Neigbourhood " organized by the German think tank "DGAP" and the European Commission, in partnership with the Stockholm Center for Eastern European Studies of the European Union (SCEEUS). The event was attended by high-ranking representatives of the European Union External Action Service and the European Commission, as well as of the Trio - Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs made a speech at the session entitled "Rethinking the EU enlargement and Eastern Partnership policy". In his speech, Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized the historical importance of the recognition of Georgia's European perspective and briefly reviewed the efforts made by the country to fulfill the 12 priorities of the European Commission. He noted that it is important to evaluate the country based on merit. The deputy minister emphasized the critical importance of granting Georgia a candidate status by the end of the year. He also spoke about the importance of deepening economic and sectoral integration with the European Union, which will bring tangible benefits to the country's population and will prepare the country practically for EU membership. Speaking at the session, the Deputy Minister focused on the importance of pragmatic cooperation focused on projects of common interest within the "Eastern Partnership". In this context, he emphasized the faster pace of the implementation of the flagship projects envisaged by the economic and investment plan of the partnership, in order to strengthen the Black Sea connectivity - a common priority for Georgia and the European Union. Within the session, Teimuraz Janjalia also spoke about the security challenges facing the region resulting from Russia's full-scale aggression against Ukraine. He paid particular attention to Russia's illegal occupation of Georgia's Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and the difficult security and human rights situation in the occupied territories. Against this background, the deputy minister emphasized the importance of strengthening security and defense cooperation between Georgia and the European Union. Documents Similar News