26 May 2022 On the 23rd of May 2022, we celebrate the thirtieth anniversary of the establishment of the diplomatic relations between Georgia and Portugal. Throughout these three decades, our countries have much benefited from fruitful bilateral relations, grounded on common interests and the shared values such as freedom, respect for human rights, democracy, the rule of law, effective multilateralism and the rules-based international order, also translated into enhanced people-to-people contacts. We cherish our friendship, through which Georgia became closer to the Lusophone world, namely, by acquiring status of associated observer at the CPLP. The fruitful activity of the Portuguese Center “Camoes” at Tbilisi State University is another concrete demonstration of aspiration for the closer ties to the Lusophone culture. Based upon the value-based partnership, Portugal reaffirms its strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders, the non-recognition policy and the peaceful conflict resolution efforts by the Government of Georgia. The recent opportunity of keeping bilateral political dialogue vibrant between our countries has been the meeting of the two Ministers of Foreign Affairs in Marrakesh on the 11th of May. Cooperation and friendship between Georgia and Portugal are not limited to the bilateral level. Our two countries have a long history of mutual support in international organisations, mainly in the realm of the United Nations. Cooperation in the frames of the EU is enhancing, in both bilateral and multilateral domains, especially against the backdrop of current geopolitical changes and Georgia’s EU membership aspirations. Georgia’s EU membership application is recognised as country’s legitimate right to choose its own destiny. We remain committed to supporting a strong, independent and prosperous Georgia in its way towards alignment with the EU. Georgia is one of the NATO’s closest partners and Portugal supports Georgia’s reform efforts and its goal of Euro-Atlantic integration. The special occasion that we now commemorate represents not only a reason to celebrate, but a valuable moment to show our mutual commitment to broadening and deepening our bilateral agenda in the political, economic and cultural domains, for the benefit of our peoples and the prosperity of our countries. Documents Similar News