12 June 2018 12.06.2018, Tbilisi - The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of Montenegro, Srdjan Darmanović. Discussing a broad spectrum of bilateral and multilateral relations between Georgia and Montenegro, the sides welcomed the increasing number of bilateral high-level visits and the great potential for the further development of economic co-operation. Mikheil Janelidze brought to the attention of his Montenegrin colleague the current agenda and future prospects of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister it is highly important that the EU held out the prospect of membership to the Western Balkan countries naming 2025 as the year when candidates are expected to join the EU. Wishing Montenegro success in this process, Mikheil Janelidze thanked Montenegro for supporting visa-free travel for Georgians. “The bilateral visa-free regime between our two countries will contribute to the development of tourism and will increase tourist inflows from Georgia to Montenegro and vice versa and will also enhance investments” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Srdjan Darmanović reaffirmed Montenegro’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration path. “Montenegro is a full member of NATO and we support NATO’s Open Door Policy and the aspirations of Georgia. It is recognized that NATO is the most long-term and strongest guarantor of the security, sovereignty and territorial integrity of our two countries, as well as a pre-requisite to economic development and inflow of foreign investments” - Srdjan Darmanović said. Within the framework of the two-day visit, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of Montenegro will hold meetings with the Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili and the Finance Minister, Mamuka Bakhtadze. On 13 June, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of Montenegro, together with the Deputy Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili will take part in the opening ceremony of the honorary consulate in Montenegro. Srdjan Darmanović will visit the occupation line in the village of Khurvaleti and will also pay tribute to the memory of heroes fallen for the unity of Georgia. Documents Similar News