16 October 2018 16.10.2018, Brussels - The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani holds meetings within the European Parliament and various EU institutions. “We hold very interesting meetings with members of the European Parliament. It is very important that we have the European Parliament’s strong support for the territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration course. Everybody agrees that Georgia is highly successful and is the leader of European and Euro-Atlantic integration” – David Zalkaliani said. During meetings with members of the European Parliament, discussions focused on the institutional and democratic reforms that have been implemented in Georgia, as well as on Georgia’s European agenda. Special attention was paid to the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, the security situation on the ground and the peace policy of the Government of Georgia. According to MEPs, Georgia is the forerunner in terms European integration, as well as on the front of institutional and democratic reforms. They reaffirmed the European Parliament’s firm support for Georgia. David Zalkaliani provided MPs with comprehensive information on Georgia’s EU integration agenda, including the Government’s initiative –EU Integration Roadmap that will bring the country closer to the EU, as well as to its institutional and legislative standards. While on the theme of difficult humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, the Minister highlighted the international community’s and, in particular, the European Parliament’s strong support for Georgia. Special note, in this light, was taken of the European Parliament’s resolution strongly condemning the occupation of the Georgia territories. Speaking about the pre-election period, the Georgian Foreign Minister said that the Government is committed to ensuring that the elections are conducted in a transparent and democratic environment, in compliance with the norms and principles of international law. For this end in mind, Georgia has invited international observers. The elections will be monitored by members of the European Parliament as well. “We will do our utmost to ensure that each observer is granted access to monitor the elections and is provided with objective information on pre-election processes and ongoing elections” – David Zalkaliani told journalists. Documents Similar News