10 October 2018 The 45thround of the Geneva International Discussions was held on 9-10 October 2018. The importance of ensuring the effective functioning of Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRMs), as well as the necessity of execution of justice with regard to the cases of murder of Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and David Basharuli were raised at the Discussions with particular emphasis. The Co-Chairs and participants assessed the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions 10 years since their establishment. In this context, the significant role of the Geneva format as well as Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms was emphasized for preventing the escalation of the conflict, against the backdrop of everyday incidents and provocations on the ground. Participants from Georgia condemned the destructive steps of the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes directed against the IPRMs. The Co-Chairs and participants from the US and Georgia underlined the necessity of holding Ergneti and Gali IPRMs meetings in an usual working setting, in full respect of the founding principles and ground rules. The representatives of the US, EU Monitoring Mission and Georgia pointed out that the Russian Federation blatantly violates the EU mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and called upon Moscow to fully implement its international obligations, inter alia to withdraw its occupying forces from the territory of Georgia. In this regard, Russia’s illegal military presence, intensified military drills and violations of the airspace of Georgia, directed towards further destabilisation of the situation on the ground, were condemned. To this end, special emphasis was made on the necessity of affirmation of the non-use of force commitment and its implementation by Moscow, as well as on the creation of international security mechanisms in Georgia's occupied territories. The participants from Georgia expressed concern over the continuation of factual annexation process of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation. Particular attention was paid to the worsening security and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as in the territories adjacent to the occupation lines. Further installation of razor and barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers along the occupation line, as well as illegal detentions, among them abductions of Georgian citizens Maia Otinashvili and Akaki Dotiashvili, were condemned. One of the main topics of the Discussions was the ethnic discrimination in the Gali district, forcing indigenous Georgian population to make choice between fleeing from the region and registering themselves as foreigners. The issue of prohibition of education in native language in Georgian schools of Gali and Akhalgori districts was raised with special emphasis. It was underscored that by such kind of actions Moscow pursues the deliberate policy, aimed at russification of population residing in the occupied regions. The participants from Georgia and the US extensively discussed the problems of restriction of freedom of movement and access of locals to their own farm lands, as well as the severe humanitarian and social-economic situation, stemming from the closure of so-called crossing points and different restrictions imposed at the occupation line. The representatives of Georgia emphasized the responsibility of the Russian Federation, as the power exercising effective control, for the flagrant violations of human rights in occupied territories. One of the core issues of the negotiations was the necessity of the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The Co-Chairs, Co-Moderators and participants from the US and Georgia focused on the need of substantial discussions and reaching progress on this important matter. They urged the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes to engage constructively in the negotiations. However, the participants from Moscow, Sokhumi and Tskhinvali demonstrated usual destructive approach, still attempted to politicize the humanitarian topics and walked out of the negotiations during the discussion of the issue of IDPs and refugees. The next round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 11-12 December, 2018. Geneva International Discussions were launched on the basis of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Discussions are held within the frames of two Working Groups, where participants are represented in their individual capacity. In the first Working Group talks are focused on security and stability in the occupied territories of Georgia, while in second Working Group – on humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as on the issues related to safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to the places of their origin. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District and the Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, as well as the representatives of the Sokhumi and Tskhinvali occupation regimes also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News