14 August 2022 On behalf of the Government of Georgia, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili hosted a farewell meeting for Ukrainian children on vacation in Achara. The Minister and the Chairman of the Government of Achara, Tornike Rizhvadze, once again emphasized the close friendship between Ukraine and Georgia and Georgia's strong support for Ukraine. As Ilia Darchiashvili highlighted at the meeting, Georgian people were happy to host Ukrainian children thus reaffirming their love and warm attitude towards Ukraine. "The time spent in Georgia will remain indelibly marked on the memory of these children after they return to their homeland. This will encourage them to make friends with Georgians in the future. We were happy to host them. I would also like to take this opportunity to wish our Ukrainian sisters and brothers peace, which is vital today for all of us, for the region and, first of all, for Ukraine," said the Minister. At the farewell evening, the Ukrainian children were also welcomed by the Chairman of the Autonomous Republic of Achara, Tornike Rizhvadze, and Andriy Kasyanov, the Ukrainian Chargé d'Affaires to Georgia. The representative of the Kyiv City Hall, Anna Shvidenko, thanked the Georgian side on behalf of the Ukrainian children and their parents. After handing over the souvenirs, the Ukrainian children were taken to the dolphinarium. The Ukrainian children and their parents visited Achara, on 21 July 2022. During one month, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Achara, provided recreation and educational programmes for the children, including sightseeing of Achara. The holiday programme for Ukrainian children in Georgia was implemented under the aegis of the Georgian Government, in cooperation with the Embassy of Georgia to Ukraine and the Kyiv City Hall. The project involved children of Ukrainian soldiers who died in the Russia-Ukraine war or are still fighting. Documents Similar News