18 July 2024 The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Khatuna Totladze, participated in the opening of an international scientific conference at Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, commemorating the 150th anniversary of Akaki Chkhenkeli’s birth. Chkhenkeli was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the First Democratic Republic of Georgia, a Member of the National Council and Founding Assembly, and the Georgian Ambassador to France. In her opening remarks, Deputy Minister Totladze highlighted Akaki Chkhenkeli as one of the most distinguished politicians, diplomats, and public figures in 20th-century Georgian history. She emphasized his significant role in establishing the country's democratic institutions and legislative framework. Totladze noted that Chkhenkeli’s achievements embody the spirit of Georgian diplomacy and continue to inspire Georgian diplomats and civil servants. Other speakers at the conference included the Deputy Minister of Education, Science, and Youth Affairs, Nodar Papukashvili; the Rector of Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, Jaba Samushia; the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Nikoloz Nikolozishvili, and the Head of the Tbilisi State University Library, Zurab Gaiparashvili,. The international scientific conference is part of the initiatives under a memorandum of understanding signed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University, and the National Archives. Its goal is to familiarize attendees with Chkhenkeli's contributions to Georgia and highlight his legacy. Several events have been organized in celebration of Akaki Chkhenkeli's 150th anniversary, including the issuance of a special postage stamp by the Post of Georgia, the establishment of an award named after Chkhenkeli, the publication of a memorial album, and an exhibition of his archival and photographic documents. Additionally, a square and a bust named in his honor are planned in Tbilisi. Events commemorating this anniversary are also being held in various regions. Documents Similar News