15 October 2021 David Zalkaliani met with his Slovenian counterpart, Foreign Minister Anže Logar. The Ministers discussed a wide range of cooperation between the two countries, including bilateral and multilateral relations, including political, economic, business-to-business and people-to-people contacts. Special attention was paid to the issue of Georgia's integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures. In the context of the Slovenian Presidency of the EU Council, the importance of Slovenia's support for Georgia's European integration was underlined. The sides highlighted Georgia's expectations regarding the Eastern Partnership Summit and Georgia' s efforts on the path to European integration, fulfillment of the obligations under the Association Agreement, reforms, visa liberalization, approximation of Georgia’s legislation with that of the EU. The meeting focused on the strategic role of Georgia as a transit and energy link connecting Europe and Asia. The role of the Black Sea as a connecting route was highlighted in this regard. The conversation focused on the Association Trio, its goals, and prospects for its further cooperation with the EU. The sides discussed the process of Georgia's integration into NATO and Georgia's significant achievements in terms of cooperation with the Alliance. It was noted that Georgia is a successful aspirant country, which makes a great contribution to strengthening international security. The sides emphasized the function of Georgia as a transport hub in the process of evacuation of troops and civilians from Afghanistan. Davit Zalkaliani thanked his Slovenian counterpart for supporting Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty and provided him with information on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the difficult humanitarian situation and the ongoing illegal processes. In this context, the two ministers highlighted the importance of the Geneva International Discussions and the necessity to comply with the 2008 ceasefire agreement by the Russian Federation. Special note was taken of the EUMM’s role in monitoring the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and preventing incidents. The Ministers also reviewed the trade relations between the two countries and noted the need to intensify cooperation in this area. They also welcomed the exchange of visits of business delegations in the near future. Documents Similar News