8 August 2018 On 6 August, 2018 Permanent Representation of Georgia to the United Nations organized a “Roundtable for Lasting Peace and Security – 10 years since 2008 Russia-Georgia War”. The Roundtable intended to facilitate an exchange of views on the prospects and challenges for lasting peace and security with particular focus on the peaceful settlement of unresolved conflicts, through showcasing national examples and experiences. The Roundtable prompted a discussion on possible ways of addressing the pattern of aggressive tactics and hybrid warfare of the Russian Federation in numerous different cases. The Roundtable discussion was opened by statement of the Permanent Representative of Georgia to the United Nations, H.E. Kaha Imnadze, who has extensively elaborated on chronology of the events of the August 2008 that culminated into Russia – Georgia war and subsequent occupation of the Georgian sovereign territories by Russia. Mr. Luke Coffey, Director of Foreign Policy Center at the Heritage Foundation spoke about wider implications of war in 2008, namely the pattern of aggressive policy of Russian Federation, including illegal annexation of Crimea and war in Eastern Ukraine. Participants of the Roundtable discussion had an opportunity to share their views on the interlinkages between events in Georgia since 2008 and subsequent crises in Europe and a wider region. In their interventions speakers from Ukraine, Austria, Estonia, United Kingdom, Sweden, Kingdom of the Netherlands, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, France, United States, Australia, New Zealand and Turkey reiterated the support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. Absolute majority of participants stressed unacceptability of withdrawing international state borders by use of force and called for unwavering respect of principles of International Law and UN Charter. Participants commended Government of Georgia for a new peace initiative - “A Step to a Better Future”, aimed at improving life conditions of people in Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia and enhancing the interaction between the divided societies across the dividing lines. Ten years have passed since the 2008 Russia-Georgia war. A decade ago, for the first time since WWII, Europe has witnessed within its very own neighborhood a large-scale military invasion and open aggression of one state against another, in the flagrant disregard of fundamental principles enshrined in the UN Charter and the Helsinki Final Act. Brief, yet devastating, war was halted and cease-fire was brokered with great efforts by EU, presided over by France. The Geneva International Discussions (GID) was established with co-chairmanship of the UN, EU, OSCE and participation of US as a platform for addressing security and humanitarian issues stemming from the unresolved conflict between Georgia and Russia. Despite passage of 10 years, the EU mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, that stipulated, inter alia, withdrawal of troops to the positions prior to the outbreak of hostilities, has not been implemented by Russian Federation. On the contrary, Russia further intensifies its illegal military build-up on Georgian soil. The situation is further exacerbated by the Russian policy towards factual annexation of Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, including through signing of so-called integration treaties with its occupation regimes. In spite of all impediments Georgia persistently continues its policy of peaceful conflict resolution through dialogue and constructive engagement in the GID. The Government of Georgia has further reinforced its efforts towards reconciliation of the communities divided by war and occupation lines. Despite of ten years of occupation and daily provocations on the ground, Georgia has made significant progress in democratic transition and good governance, and laid a solid ground for sustainable economic development. Georgia has succeeded in the process of European and Euro-Atlantic integration, showing unwavering commitment of Georgian people towards the shared values. Documents Similar News