21 April 2022 The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, met with the U.S. State Department's Representative on Caucasus Negotiations, Andrew Chaffer, on 21 April 2022. The sides focused on the difficult security situation in the region in the wake of Russia's large-scale war against Ukraine, its impact on common European security and the challenges facing Georgia, as well as further cooperation between the two countries in resolving the Russia-Georgia conflict. The sides discussed the deteriorating security, humanitarian and human rights situation in the Russian-occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, as well as Russia's recent illegal and provocative actions in the occupied territories, including Moscow’s steps towards de-facto annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, military built-up, fortification of the occupation line with barbed wire fences and artificial barriers and gross violations of the rights of people living in the occupied regions. Stressing the critical need for Russia to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, the sides highlighted the role of the Geneva International Discussions in implementing the ceasefire agreement, as well as in ensuring the safety and solving the humanitarian problems of the people affected by the Russian occupation. The sides focused on the Georgian government’s efforts in the scope of de-occupation, reconciliation and engagement dimensions, and its policy for peaceful settlement of the conflict. Lasha Darsalia thanked the U.S. State Department's Representative for the U.S. support and significant contribution to this process and stressed the critical importance of the partners’ active engagement and the further intensification of the Russian-Georgian conflict on the international agenda. The sides also discussed the situation in the South Caucasus region and Georgia's efforts to deepen cooperation in the region. The need for international involvement in the process was noted. Andrew Chaffer, for his part, stressed the importance of the strategic partnership between the two countries and reaffirmed the firm and unwavering support of the United States for Georgia, especially in the light of the ongoing Russian military aggression in Ukraine. Documents Similar News