29 January 2019 29.01.2019, Spain – Spain supports Georgia’s aspiration to become a full member of the EU and NATO - theSpanish MinisterofForeign Affairs,European Union and Co-operation Josep Borrell said at a joint press conference held with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani. The foreign ministers of the two countries highly appraised Georgia-Spain relations and Georgia’s significant progress on the path of development. According to Zalkaliani, Spain strongly supports Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, while Georgia, on its part, reconfirms its frim position regarding Spain’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. David Zalkaliani provided his Spanish colleague with detailed information on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and underlined the necessity of peaceful resolution of the conflict. The Ministers positively appraised an increasing level of business and economic contacts between the two countries, as well as the successful operation of Spanish companies in Georgia. In this context, the two ministers highlighted Georgia’s transit opportunities and favourable investment and business climate, which, along with Georgia’s good international ratings, provide ample grounds for the European companies to get interested in Georgia as a bridge between Asia and the Far East. David Zalkaliani also spoke about the importance of developing tourism in Georgia and learning from the Spanish experience in this regard. While on the theme of EU integration, Zalkaliani highlighted the successful reforms ongoing in Georgia that make irreversible Georgia’s European integration. Special attention was paid to the EU Integration Roadmap – the Georgian Government’s recent initiative. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia is committed to make much more than required by the Association Agreement in order to achieve its ultimate goal – full-scale membership of the EU. The ministers also reaffirmed that Georgia has all practical instruments for NATO membership. Georgia’s essential role in ensuring international security and stability was also highlighted. David Zalkaliani invited his Spanish colleague to attend the Batumi conference this year, dedicated to the 10th anniversary of the EU Eastern Partnership initiative. Documents Similar News