17 December 2019 In his opening remarks he outlined the Georgian Presidency of the Council of Europe as one of the key areas of Georgia’s foreign policy. “I am speaking to you as the Foreign Minister of the country chairing the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. It is for the first time in history that Georgia has assumed the presidency of such an important organization thereby vesting itself with huge responsibility. Georgia shares and adheres to the key European values on which the priorities of the Georgian Presidency are based: 1. Human Rights and Environmental Protection; 2. Civil Participation in Decision-Making; 3. Child Friendly Justice – Converging Experience on Restorative Justice in Europe; 4. Strengthening Democracy through Education, Culture and Youth Engagement. Highlighting the importance of putting Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity back to the international agenda, the Minister said that all reputed international organizations and Georgia’s friends and partners continue to adopt statements anddocuments against the occupation of Georgia that are unprecedented in scope. “The destructive activities of Russia and the occupation regimes, especially in the second half of this year, have once again unveiled the fragility of the security environment we are in. This imposes even greater responsibility on us to do our utmost to ensure stabile development of the country and to pursue consistently the peaceful policy for resolution of the conflicts. I would like to assure you that this peaceful policy is strongly backed by our partners and international community. And it is due to our balanced policy that Georgia remains high on the agenda of the EU, NATO, U.S., Great Britain, France, Germany and other partners, in their dialogue with Russia. Referring to the support of the U.S. as Georgia’s key strategic partner, Zalkaliani stressed that this support is fully reflected in the Declaration to mark the tenth anniversary since the U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Charter; Georgia Support Act unanimously adopted by the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Appropriations Acts imposing financial sanctions on any country that has recognized the independence of, or has established diplomatic relations with, the Russian occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region/South Ossetia. According to the Minister, Georgia submitted the EU integration Roadmap to the EU, within the framework of the EU-Georgia Association Council on 5 March, together with the Government’s proposals regarding the future of Eastern Partnership. “The Foreign Ministers of Georgia, Ukraine, Moldova and Azerbaijan signed a joint declaration in early December putting forward an initiative to launch a dialogue in the format of EU+3 associated countries in the areas of transport, energy and sectoral cooperation” – the Minister said. Speaking about NATO integration activities, the Minister took special note of the visits of the NATO Secretary General, the MARCOM Commander, President of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly and the Military Committee. The fifth visit of the NAC to Batumi and the NATO-Georgia Commission’s Joint Statement was also highlighted. While on the theme of cooperation with European States, the Minister underscored the importance of the inaugural meeting of the French-Georgian Dimitri Amilakhvari dialogue and the joint declaration adopted within the scope of this meeting. He also referred to the German President, Frank-Walter Steinmeier’s visit to Georgia after a pause of 22 years; the Georgian Prime Minister’s first and historic visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands; the first visits of the presidents of Cyprus and Hungary to Georgia; the signing of agreement on strategic partnership and cooperation between Georgia and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in London. According to the Minister, Georgia had traditionally close cooperation with Visegrad Group (V4) countries, Baltic countries, Canada and other partners. Zalkaliani highlighted the importance of the agreement launching the Georgia-Ukraine High-Level Strategic Council. In the course of 2019, great attention was paid to deepening regional cooperation. In this light, the Prime Minister’s visits to Azerbaijan, Armenia, Turkey and Ukraine, including the Azerbaijan-Turkey-Georgia Trilateral Ministerial Meeting, were of particular importance. “The successful cooperation between the three countries has already yielded tangible results in terms of positioning of our region as a key energy and transit corridor. Of particular importance of the official launch of the Trans-Anatolian Pipeline - TANAP aimed at diversification of natural gas supply routes, from which Georgia will also derive its practical benefit as well” – the Minister said. The Minister singled out for special mention the joint meeting of the foreign ministers of Georgia, Romania, Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan where Bucharest Statement on the development of Black Sea-Caspian Freight Transport Corridor was signed. Zalkaliani also paid special attention to the successful conduction of the Third Tbilisi Silk Road Forum and the Government’s relations with Georgian Diaspora abroad. “This is a shortlist of our achievements in 2019. Of course, there are many problems and one of the main goals of the Ambassadorial Meeting is to identify these problems and to find ways for their solution. The increasing number of challenges imposes on us even greater responsibility to ensure the effective implementation of our foreign policy goals – secure and democratic development of the country” – the Minister said. Documents Similar News