27 May 2022 "Europe is part of Georgia's historical, political and cultural experience. The European choice is the legacy of the First Republic of Georgia and Georgia’s foreign policy tradition. Moreover, it is a norm of the Georgian constitution”, Foreign Minister Ilia Darchiashvili said when appearing before the Georgian Parliament in an interpellation format. According to him, the EU membership application Georgia made on 3 March 2022 is not only the Georgian people’s civilized choice, but the only logical and rightful step of the Georgian government in the new geopolitical environment, with the war on the European continent once again becoming a sad reality after the occupation of the Georgian territories in 2008, and the occupation of eastern Ukraine and the annexation of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014. Ilia Darchiashvili expressed solidarity with the Ukrainian people and pledged the Georgian government’s further support for the country. The Minister also spoke about the country's level of preparedness for submitting an application for EU membership. According to him, submitting an application two years ahead of the schedule "is, on the one hand, a response to the changing geopolitical environment, and, on the other, this decision was based on the progress made over the recent years on EU-Georgia cooperation, as well as on the realization that Georgia "was ready to move to a new stage of relations with the European Union already in 2022." As Darchiashvili emphasized, Georgia’s tangible progress on getting closer with the EU and on implementing the Association Agreement is positively assessed by the European Commission, and confirmed by numerous international reports published over the past few years. Moreover, in terms of implementation of reforms, Georgia is not only equal to, but, in many respects, ahead of the Western Balkan countries in the process of accession. "Georgia meets the necessary parameters for the applicant country and is ready to receive the status, moreover, Georgia really deserves it" - Ilia Darchiashvili said. He said that Georgia's expectations are optimistic, however, it takes the EU's political will to open the door to new members. "This is a political decision and it will be made by consensus, however, I want to assure you that all the meetings held in bilateral formats are full of optimism. Each of our partners, who has supported Georgia's European perspective for years, maintains this sentiment. This gives us the reason for optimism that our partners will use their vote to recognize Georgia's European perspective. Our partners see Georgia in the European family," the Foreign Minister said. Documents Similar News