2 September 2021 On 2 September 2021, at the initiative of the Norwegian side, a telephone conversation took place between the Vice Prime Minister of Georgia, Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Norway, Marie Eriksen Søreide. During the telephone conversation, the Norwegian Foreign Minister thanked the Georgian side for the special contribution that Georgia has made to the efforts of the international community during the evacuation flights from Afghanistan. The Norwegian Foreign Minister stressed Georgia’s important role in carrying out the emergency evacuation of civilians and military personnel from Afghanistan and the management of large-scale humanitarian processes. Minister Søreide noted with satisfaction the importance of Georgia's support for its partners in the light of the crisis situation in Afghanistan. For his part, the Georgian Foreign Minister thanked his Norwegian counterpart for the close and coordinated cooperation. Minister Zalkaliani stressed the importance of Georgia as a regional transit hub and noted that Georgia, as a worthy member of the international community, will continue to actively support its European and American partners in ensuring international peace and security. The sides also reviewed the difficult security situation and challenges in the region. David Zalkaliani focused on the difficult humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied territories of Georgia, the process of illegal borderization and the growing military build-up in the region. Georgia's constructive approach to the format of the Geneva Discussions was also noted. Speaking to his Norwegian counterpart, the Minister stressed the need to further consolidate international partners’ efforts to strengthen peace and security in the region. The Norwegian Foreign Minister expressed his close interest in the Covid situation in Georgia. David Zalkaliani briefed his Norwegian counterpart on the wide availability of vaccines in the country and the positive dynamics of the vaccination process. The Minister also focused on the country’s improved economic indicators and expressed the hope that it will significantly contribute to the rapid restoration of international trade, economic and tourism ties in the future. At the end of the conversation, the sides reiterated their readiness to deepen cooperation at both bilateral and multilateral levels. Documents Similar News