28 September 2021 On 27 September 2021, in the framework of his working visit to the Republic of Lithuania, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia held a meeting with the Chairman of the Group for Inter-Parliamentary Relations with Georgia, the Raimundas Lopata. It should be noted that the Group for Inter-Parliamentary Relations with Georgia is one of the largest groups in the Lithuanian Parliament and consists of 49 MPs. Discussing issues of bilateral and multilateral cooperation between the two countries, the sides highlighted close and friendly relations between the legislatures of Georgia and Lithuania. Teimuraz Janjalia thanked the Lithuanian Parliament for its strong support of Georgia. The sides discussed the further development of cooperation between the two legislatures, including the importance of exchanging visits. The meeting focused on Georgia's EU and NATO integration progress. The sides highlighted the importance of Georgia's further rapprochement with the European Union, the prospects for further development of the Eastern Partnership format, plans for the Associated Trio and Lithuania's support in this process. Discussions also focused on the internal political processes in Georgia. Five members of the Lithuanian Parliament's Group for Inter-Parliamentary Relations with Georgia will observe the 2 October local self-government elections. Teimuraz Janjalia provided Lithuanian MPs with detailed information on the alarming situation and developments in the occupied territories of Georgia. Discussions focused on gross human rights violations and the current humanitarian situation in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation, on the need for the partners’ consolidated position to keep the aforesaid issues high on the international agenda, as well as for the active involvement of partner countries, including Lithuania, in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. The Lithuanian side reaffirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. Documents Similar News