18 October 2022 On 18 and 19 October 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia visited the Republic of Lithuania for a working visit. Within the framework of the visit, Teimuraz Janjalia held a meeting with the chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee of the Lithuanian Parliament (Seimas), Laima Andrikienė, the chairperson of the European Affairs Committee, Radvilė Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienė, the deputy chairperson of the same committee, Žygimantas Pavilionis and the Chairman of the Friendship Group with the Parliament of Georgia, Raimundas Lopata. At the meeting, the sides discussed the issues relating to bilateral and multilateral relations between the two countries and talked about the perspectives of cooperation in various fields. Emphasizing the close and friendly relations between the legislative bodies of Georgia and Lithuania, the sides positively assessed the positive dynamics of the exchange of bilateral visits in the recent period. Discussions focused on European and Euro-Atlantic integration issues. The Deputy Minister spoke about Georgia’s achievements on the path of European integration and provided detailed information to the Lithuanian parliamentarians about the current progress in the implementation of the European Union’s recommendations. At the meeting, the sides discussed the current security situation in the region recently exacerbated as a result of Russia's aggression against Ukraine. Special emphasis was placed on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and the importance of international negotiations in Geneva. The deputy minister noted that Georgia already knows to its cost the Russian aggression and its severe consequences. The importance of keeping the issues related to the occupied regions of Georgia high on the agenda by the European partners was emphasized. The Lithuanian side once again confirmed its unwavering support for Georgia's foreign priorities in the area of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News