21 September 2021 Within the framework of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani met with his Hungarian counterpart, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Péter Szijjártó. At the meeting, the sides discussed current issues of bilateral relations and prospects for deepening cooperation. Special accent was put on Georgia’s role and involvement in the process of safe evacuation from Afghanistan, for which the Hungarian side thanked David Zalkaliani. The Ministers also stressed the good practice of cooperation between Georgia and Hungary in the fight against COVID-19 and expressed readiness to continue further coordination in this process. Zalkaliani thanked his Hungarian counterpart for Hungary’s solidarity with Georgia during the pandemic and for his assistance in the transportation of Chinese vaccines to Georgia. Talks focused on the need to strengthen trade and economic ties in the post-pandemic period and to make more active use of existing potential for attracting investment. The Ministers underlined Hungary's open and clear support for Georgia, both in bilateral and multilateral formats. The importance of expanding the dialogue with the Visegrád Group was also discussed at the meeting. Zalkaliani expressed hope that the Visegrád Group will continue to support Georgia's priority issues under the Hungarian presidency. The Georgian and Hungarian Foreign Ministers exchanged views on the challenges facing the region and the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. According to the Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Hungary fully supports Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty. The Prime Minister of Georgia paid a visit to New York On 20-25 September. Irakli Gharibashvili will deliver a speech at the 76th session of the UN General Assembly. The Georgian delegation includes the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani, the Minister of Education and Science, Mikheil Chkhenkeli and the Head of the Government Administration, Ilia Darchiashvili. Documents Similar News