25 September 2020 On September 25th of 2020 within the framework of the high-level week of the 75th annual assembly of the UNSC (Security Council of the United Nations) the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, participated in an informal, inaugural, online meeting of friendly nations initiated by Sweden – “Friends in Defence of Democracy”. The Minister particularly expressed gratitude towards the Swedish party for inviting Georgia to the group, which, in turn, once again, reconfirms the recognition of the progress made by Georgia in terms of strengthening democracy and undergoing reforms by the international community. Additionally, readiness was expressed on behalf of Georgia to share its successful experience with other countries in terms of democracy-building. “This group is a platform, which will unite our efforts directed at strengthening democratic freedoms, protecting and consolidating democratic values around the globe” – noted Zalkaliani. The inaugural meeting of the group was also attended by the Foreign Ministers of Sweden, Portugal, Tunisia, Liberia and Mongolia, respectively; Ann Linde, Augusto Santos Silva, Otman Jerandi, Dee-Maxwell Saah Kemayah, Nyamtseren Enkhtaivan, along with the Deputy Foreign Minister of Uruguay, Carolina Ache Batlle. The participants of the meeting discussed the modes of work of the group, setting out plans for future cooperation. “Friends in Defence of Democracy” represents a new initiative of the Swedish government, which aims to create a global alliance for the purposes of supporting democracy with the participation of states that share common values with the Sweden. The group includes one country from each region. At this point, along with Georgia, the group encompasses, Portugal, Mongolia, Liberia, Tunisia and Uruguay. The main bulk of efforts exerted by the group will be directed towards the development of democracy within the framework of existing opportunities, taking into consideration the existing challenges, identifying priorities for further joint efforts, while, simultaneously, allowing for the process of sharing successful experiences among the member-states. Documents Similar News