21 May 2018 21.05.2018, Washington – “the Secretary the Department of State Mike Pompeo issued a very important message to the world that the United States is committed to strategic partnership with Georgia and we are taking new steps in these relations” - the Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said when commenting on the meeting with the the Secretary the Department of State Mike Pompeo before the plenary session of the U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Commission. According to Mikheil Janelidze, discussions during the plenary session focused on all speheres of co-operation between the two countries, including defence, security, economy, democracy building, trade and Georgia’s NATO integration. The U.S. partners highlighted Georgia’s progress in terms of democratic and economic development, as well as Georgia’s role in the region and the importance of U.S.-Georgia strategic partnership for the stability and development of the region. According to the Minister, special attention was paid to co-operation in the areas of defence and security, as well as trade and economy that moved up to an absolutely new level. “American companies make important investments in the Georgian infrastructure, special mention was taken of the Anaklia Deep-Sea Port. The signing of the free trade agreement with the U.S. remains a priority to Georgia” – the Minister said. Discussions during the meeting focused on the Russia-Georgia conflict and the difficult situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. “Pompeo sounded a clear and strong message to Russia to fulfil its commitment under the Ceasefire Agreement and withdraw its forces from Georgia’s occupied regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. We also discussed the Georgian Government’s new initiatives with regard to our citizens living in the occupied territories. The United States supports these initiatives and is determined to continue to work with the government of Georgia in this direction” – the Minister said. “With this meeting we made yet another step in our relationship. This is open and result-oriented co-opertaion between the strategic partners” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Documents Similar News