24 March 2018 The UN Human Rights Council adopted Resolution on Cooperation with Georgia at its session held on 23 March 2018. In the Resolution the UN Human Rights Council reaffirms its commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. The Resolution was presented to the UN Human Rights Council by First Deputy Foreign Minister David Zalkalini. “The document highlights Georgia’s cooperation with the OHCHR, its office in Tbilisi and mechanisms of the Council. The document also underlines Georgia’s commitment to continue this collaboration in active and transparent manner. It recognizes both, Georgia’s reassurance to implement recommendations from the UN and regional mechanisms and its achievements in consolidating the democratic processes. David Zalkaliani provided the delegates with information on the grave humanitarian situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. He noted that notwithstanding the direct call of the High Commissioner, his Office as well as other international organizations were prevented by the occupation force from entering the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali region. “With deep regret, I note that the humanitarian situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions has further deteriorated, with the local population being deprived of minimal safeguards for their rights. Just recently, on 22nd of February three ethnic Georgians were illegally detained by the Tskhinvali regime. One of them, Archil Tatunashvili died within hours of detention. As preliminary forensics show, he was tortured to death. Notably, the body of the deceased was transferred to the family only after 26 days. This tragic incident once again speaks of need of access for the representatives of the OHCHR and other actors of the human rights machinery to the aforesaid regions” – David Zalkaliani said. Representatives of the United Kingdom, the United States, and Australia supported the Resolution on Cooperation with Georgia at the United Nations (UN) Human Rights Council. A representative of Switzerland also made a statement expressing its concern over the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied regions and reaffirming the need of human rights monitoring there. The document of the UN Human Rights Council recognizes the efforts of the Government of Georgia to strengthen democracy, the rule of law and the promotion and protection of human rights. The Resolution expresses serious concern over the human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions of Georgia. The document highlights that the international and regional human rights mechanisms have no immediate access to Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali region, Georgia. Documents Similar News