12 September 2017 11.09.2017, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 41st round of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister, head of the Georgian delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, David Dondua led the meeting from the Georgian side. The sides discussed the the issues on the agenda of the next round. Special attention was paid to the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. The sides, in particular, spoke about the grave humanitarian consequences resulting from the installation of barbed wire fencesand the closure of the so-called checkpoints along the occupation line in Abkhazia. Discussions focused on such issues as restrictions on free movement, right to property, illegal detentions and kidnappings, prohibition of the native language education, ethnic discrimination, etc. Special attention during the discussions was paid to the necessity of detaining alleged murderers of Giga Otkhozoria. The sides expressed their protest over the increasing level of discrimination against ethnic Georgians in Abkhaiza and the Tskhinvali region. Special accent was placed on the illegal activities of the occupation regime forcing Georgian residents of Gali to register as foreigners. The participants of the meeting also took note of the prohibition of native language education in Akhalgori schools, in addition to Gali schools. David Dondua called on the Co-Chairs to give due assessment to the developments mentioned above and to share no efforts to address the situation on the ground. The Deputy Foreign Minister emphasized the necessity for Russia to undertake the non-use of force pledge and the need to create international security mechanisms on the ground as essential prerequisites for the successful peace process. The necessity of achieving progress on the return of refugees and internally displaced persons was also highlighted. The 41st round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 10 and 11 October 2017. Documents Similar News