7 June 2021 Korea National Park Service and Agency of Protected Areas of Georgia, in collaboration with the Embassy of Georgia to the Republic of Korea will host a photo exhibition from June 7 to June 21, at KNPS Gallery head office in Wonju city. The exhibition will display around hundred landscapes from national parks of Georgia and Korea. This event will provide an opportunity for the people from each country to learn about beautiful nature scenery and also introduce national park’s value to become carbon-neutral society. Georgia is a country about 2/3 of Korea‘s land area located at the crossroads of Europe and Asia in South Caucasus, Eastern Europe, characterized with excellent natural scenery and high mountains which has more than 10 peaks over 4.000 meters. Korea’s National Parks phot exhibition will be opened simultaneously in Georgia at Algeti National Park’s visitors’ center. KNPS will exhibit National Park Photography contest award winning photos, which will introduce four seasons of Korea. Georgian side will exhibit eight representative national parks scenery, including Kazbegi national park, well known from the Greek mythology and a popular destination among Korean tourists. The exhibition opening ceremony will take place on June 7 with participation of the Chairman of KNPS, Mr. Hyung-kun Song, Deputy Minister of the Environmental Protection and Agriculture of Georgia. Ms. Nino Tandilashvili, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Mr. Alexander Khvtisiashvili and Ambassador of Georgia, Mr. Otar Berdzenishvili. Georgian wine tasting will be held after as a part of the ceremony. The event is being organized through continuous exchange and cooperation between Embassy of Georgia and KNPS. Future cooperation issues between two countries respective agencies also include signing of MOU, experience and knowledge sharing. Through aforementioned cooperation, KNPS follows Korean government’s policy and deepens cooperation with Georgia which is selected by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Kora as a New Northern Policy country. Documents Similar News