8 September 2023 On 8 September 2023, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, held a meeting with the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the European Commission, Joseph Borrell, who is on an official visit to Georgia. At the meeting, the sides discussed issues related to the process of Georgia’s integration with the European Union, highlighting the strategic importance of the decision to grant Georgia a candidate status at the end of the year. Both sides emphasized the strong and dynamic EU-Georgia partnership, which is based on common values. Joseph Borrell once again emphasized the fact that Georgia is an important partner of the European Union, and his visit is a clear confirmation of the European Union’s unwavering support. He highlighted that the door of the European Union remains open for Georgia as a future member and it is important for the country to continue the course of reforms. Ilia Darchiashvili confirmed the Georgian government’s strong commitment to carry out all reforms necessary for joining the European Union and provided Joseph Borrell with comprehensive information regarding the progress on fulfilling the 12 priorities of the European Commission. Discussions also focused on the importance of developing EU-Georgia connectivity on the Black Sea. In this context, the sides highlighted the strategic role of Georgia in addressing the challenges of Europe's energy and food security by developing alternate routes. The sides paid special attention to the grave security and human rights situation in the occupied regions of Georgia. They underlined the active role of the European Union in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict, including through the successful operation of the European Union Monitoring Mission, which celebrated its 15th anniversary in Georgia this year. Joseph Borrell once again emphasized the unwavering support of the European Union for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia. Documents Similar News