14 August 2018 On 13 August 2018, the President of the United States Donald Trump signed The US Defence Authorisation Act (FY19NDAA), which defines the policy and budgetary priorities of the US Department of Defense for the 2019 fiscal year. According to the Act, Georgia, along with the Black Sea and Baltic States is referred to as an ally and partner of the United States, in the context of European security. According to the Section 1248 of the Act (‘Sense of Senate of Enhancing Deterrence Against Russian Aggression in Europe’). To protect the national security of the United States and fulfil the ironclad commitment of the United States to its obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, it is the policy of the United States to pursue, in full coordination with NATO, an integrated approach to strengthening the defence of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, long-term strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian aggression”. The Section also includes important messages with respect to Georgia. The document, in particular, reads that “in order to strengthen the defence of United States allies and partners in Europe, the Secretary of Defence, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States European Command, should support robust security sector assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assistance, to strengthen the defence capabilities and readiness of Georgia, and improve interoperability with NATO forces”. The Act calls on the U.S. authorities to pursue an integrated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe in the face of the Russian aggression. The document also underlines the importance of increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exercises in the Black Sea with the participation of Ukraine and Georgia. The Budget Act also affirms “support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO.” Addressing Georgia’s national interests and security issues in the U.S. Budget Act document highlights the importance of Georgia-related issues on the political agenda of the United States.” https://www.congress.gov/115/bills/hr5515/BILLS-115hr5515enr.pdf Documents Similar News