10 May 2021 From 5 to 7 May 2021, the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia paid a working visit to Paris to hold meetings with French President Emmanuel Macron's Special Envoy for the Architecture of Security and Trust with Russia, the President of the Senate Commission for Foreign Affairs, Defence and Armed Forces and the President of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the National Assembly, high ranking officials of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry for Armed Forces. Lasha Darsalia also met with representatives of the media and expert communities. The aim of the visit was to discuss issues relating to strategic cooperation between the two countries and further consolidation of French and EU support in the process of peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict, as well as Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Discussions focused ona broad spectrum of bilateral and multilateral cooperation between Georgia and France. It was highlighted that the launch of the Dimitri Amilakhvari dialogue marks the qualitatively new level in the development of strategic partnership and sectoral cooperation between the two countries. The French and Georgian sides discussed in detail the security situation in the Black Sea and South Caucasus regions, as well as Russia’s increased presence and destructive activities in the region. Special attention was paid to Moscow’s steps towards the actual annexation of Georgia’s occupied territories. The sides underscored that growing military build-up and military trainings in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, installation of barbed wire fences and artificial barriers across the occupation line, illegal detention and kidnapping of local residents are aimed at destabilizing the situation in the country. It was highlighted that the ethnic discrimination of Georgians in the occupied territories and restriction of free movement of the local population is aimed at full-scale russification of the regions and their phased integration into the Russian Federation, which calls for the international community’s effective action and preventive measures. Special note was taken of the judgement of the European Court of Human Rights holding Russia responsible for the occupation of Georgian territories and grave violation of human rights on the ground. The Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister put an accent on the essential role of France and the EU in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. The sides paid special attention to cooperation within the international organizations. They highlighted the importance of keeping Georgia’s occupied territories and humanitarian problems there high on the international agenda; the necessity for Russia to comply with the 2008 ceasefire agreement, return of refugees and IDPs to the places of their origin and granting the international human rights mechanisms an immediate access to the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. In this light, the sides underscored the importance of international organizations’ resolutions in support for Georgia. The French side, for its part, reaffirmed its support for Georgia’s sovereignty, territorial integrity and sustainable and peaceful development on the European and Euro-Atlantic integration path. Documents Similar News