13 September 2019 13.09.2019 - Victor Dolidze, the Permanent Representative of Georgia to Geneva, participated in the General Debates held in the frame of the 42nd session of the UN Human Rights Council, after discussions of the High Commissioner for Human Rights. Victor Dolidze addressed the Human Rights Council participants. He highlighted the current situation in the occupied regions of Georgia and emphasized the difficult human rights environment. The Permanent Representative of Georgia also spoke about the recent developments on the occupation line, including the illegal process of creation of artificial barriers and arrests. Viktor Dolidze expressed his profound concern about the continued illegal formation of artificial barriers by the Russian occupation forces in the vicinity of the village of Gugutiantkari. He noted that such destructive steps are extremely harmful to the already difficult humanitarian situation of the population near the occupation line and further destabilize the safe environment. “The difficult situation in the occupied regions of Georgia is alarming. The cases of torture and killing on ethnic grounds are frightening, which has led to the killing of four our fellow-countryman in the last two years” noted Victor Dolidze. The Permanent Representative of Georgia also emphasized the need for full and complete implementation of the EU Monitoring Mission and its mandate in the occupied regions, as well as the need for unlimited access to the international human rights mechanisms in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. In his speech, Victor Dolidze also spoke about the close cooperation between Georgia and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights. In frame of General debates, the Permanent Representative of Georgia also highlighted the difficult situation in Venezuela. He noted that Georgia condemns any violence against civilians, as well as the recent human rights abuses committed by the Guerrero regime against the diplomats of Guaido. Georgia's Permanent Representative has also mentioned the issue regarding the climate change, which represents a huge challenge for human rights. Victor Dolidze confirmed Georgia's readiness to actively engage with the international community with regards to the climate change. It is noteworthy that the 42nd session of the UN Human Rights Council is being held on September 9-27 at the UN Office in Geneva. During the session, Georgian diplomats will make a statement on various issues. Documents Similar News