8 August 2021 “13 years have passed since Russia’s military aggression against Georgia and the occupation of Georgia’s inseparable Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions – a wound that will never heal again. I’d like to pay tribute to our heroes, who laid down their lives for their homeland and its unity. Commemorating them, we are further strengthened in our efforts to achieve the unification of our country peacefully - the dream cherished by our heroes and by our children as well" - David Zalkaliani said at the Mukhatgverdi military cemeteryafter wreath laying ceremony. According to the Minister, with its aggression against Georgia years ago, Russia violated the internationally recognized borders of the sovereign state, thus posing a serious threat to European security and thwarting the rules-based international order. Zalkaliani said that on the 13th anniversary of the war, the European Court of Human Rights gave its legal assessment to Russia’s actions. “The European Court of Human Rights established that as in effective control of the Georgian occupied regions, Russia is responsible for grave human rights violations in Georgia’s occupied territories during the August war and following the occupation. The Court also ruled that defying the 12 August Ceasefire Agreement Russia continues its illegal military presence in the territory of Georgia” – said the Minister. According to him, Georgia continues to pursue its path of development and European and Euro-Atlantic integration, taking important steps towards de-occupation and restoration of the country’s territorial integrity through peaceful means. “The government commission, which was launched recently at the Prime Minister’s initiative for elaboration and implementation of Strategy for de-occupation and sustainable peaceful conflict resolution is aimed at developing a comprehensive and results-oriented peace policy through an inclusive whole-of-nation process. We have stated it on more than one occasion that our goal is to open a broad dialogue with our Abkhaz and Ossetian brothers, to determine together our common future and ensure peaceful co-existence in a European-style democratic Georgia where our Abkhaz and Ossetian brothers will enjoy ample opportunities and have their rights and freedoms protected” – Zalkaliani added. Documents Similar News