27 November 2019 A presentation of a board was held today dedicated to Georgia’s presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on the Republic Square in Strasbourg. Within the framework of the presentation public addresses were made by the Deputy Mayor of Strasbourg, Nawel Rafik-elmrini; the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić; the Permanent Representative of France to the Council of Europe, Jean-Baptiste Mattei; as well as the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani. In his address the Minister pointed out that Georgia has been tasked with the greatest of responsibilities of carrying out the functions of the Chair of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe 20 years after its accession to the aforementioned organisation. “The Chairmanship provides us with an excellent opportunity to facilitate the popularisation of the Georgian culture and arts via the means of formulation and implementation of a captivating, all-encompassing programme”, – Stated Zalkaliani. The Minister presented the public with the cultural programme to be carried out by Georgia during its Chairmanship of the organisation and noted that the following events are to take place in Strasbourg: A concert of the Sukhishvili National Ballet Ensemble; presentation of a wide variety of Georgian products on the Strasbourg Christmas Market; a concert of a young Georgian artist, Gvantsa Gagnidze, with the musical accompaniment of the Strasbourg Philharmonic Orchestra; exposition of a famous Georgian designer, Keti Chkhikvadze, as well as Georgian Movie premiers, including a short film by Mikheil Kobakhidze. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić, welcomed the priorities outlined by the Georgian side. “You have come up with interesting priority vectors. I welcome future cooperation with the Georgian Government”, - stated Burić. Within the framework of the ceremony the French flag was lowered as the French National Anthem played in the background, followed by the hoisting of the Georgian flag accompanied by the Georgian National Anthem. Towards the end of the ceremony the European National Anthem was played. The Georgian flag will be raised in front of the City Hall of Strasbourg for the duration of its Chairmanship of the Council of Europe for the next six months, along with the specially designed, aforementioned board dedicated to Georgia. After the conclusion of the ceremony a festive reception was held by the City Hall of Strasbourg. Documents Similar News