5 December 2023 On 5 December 2023, the 10th round of political consultations at the level of deputy ministers were held between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Republic of Uzbekistan. The Georgian delegation was led by the deputy minister, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, and the Uzbek side - by the deputy minister, Bobur Usmanov. During the consultations, the sides discussed the topics of bilateral and multilateral cooperation, including in political, economic, cultural-humanitarian areas, as well as the issues regarding the improvement of the bilateral legal framework and cooperation between the countries within the framework of international organizations. The sides noted with satisfaction that over the past few years there was an increase in the Georgia-Uzbekistan trade turnover; the number of tourists coming to Georgia from Uzbekistan also increased. The sides noted Georgia’s important role in terms of transit shipments. The Uzbek side expressed its interest in fully utilizing Georgia's potential. Special emphasis was put on the successful cooperation within the framework of international organizations. During the conversation, the need to develop cooperation in the field of culture was also mentioned. The sides exchanged views on the current processes and security environment in different regions of the world. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, informed his Uzbek colleague about the severe humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and the actions taken by the Russian Federation along the occupation line. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Bobur Usmanov, once again confirmed the Uzbek Government’s respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. The sides agreed to hold the next round of political consultations in 2024, in Tashkent. As part of the consultations, meetings were also held at the Parliament of Georgia and the National Tourism Administration, where the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Uzbekistan Bobur Usmanov met with the Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Georgia, Giorgi Kakhiani and the head of the National Tourism Administration, Maia Omiadze. Documents Similar News