6 October 2019 Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani participated in the welcoming ceremony for German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier organized at at the Tbilisi International Airport. According to the Minister Minister, the relations between Germany and Georgia are being developed intensively and those high-level visits which were recently held, relevantly contribute to the development of partnership and consolidate the support from the German side towards Georgia. “Georgian-German relations are developing intensively. During the last one year we hosted in Georgia the German Chancellor Angela Merkel, the visit of the President of Georgia was also held to Germany while today we are hosting the German President in Georgia. This indicates that Germany is a very strong supporter of Georgia in terms of supporting our territorial integrity, sovereignty and European and Euro-Atlantic integration. It is also very important that those agreements which were reached during the visit of the Chancellor Merkel, are being gradually implemented in Georgia. We have an intensive economic cooperation with Germany. The dynamics of the economic cooperation is positive. The number of German visitors to Georgia is also positively growing. The ongoing cooperation with Germany in the fields of culture and education, especially in terms of reforming the sector of the professional education, is also extremely positive, so this visit will definitely put our relationship to a qualitatively higher level,” – stated Zalkaliani. The President of the Federal Republic of Germany is visiting Georgia on October 6-8 together with the spouse. In the framework of the official visit, Frank Walter Steinmeier will meet with the President of Georgia Salome Zurabishvili, with the Prime Minister Giorgi Gakharia, with the Chairman of the Parliament Archil Talakvadze, with the Patriarch of Georgia Ilia II and will lay a wreath at the Memorial to the heroes fallen in the fight for the unity of Georgia. The President of the Federal Republic of Germany will meet with the Georgian businessmen in Tbilisi, will visit the region of Kakheti and will pay a visit to several local wine factories. In the framework of the visit’s cultural programme, Frank Walter Steinmeier will also visit the Alaverdy Monastery and the Museum of the King Erekle. Documents Similar News