11 January 2021 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, held a telephone conversation with his Lithuanian colleague, Gabrielius Landsbergis. During the conversation the Ministers exchanged information regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in both Georgia and Lithuania. The parties underscored the importance of coordination and mutual assistance in the fight against the pandemic. David Zalkaliani expressed gratitude towards his Lithuanian counterpart for initiating the letter of the 13 EU Foreign Ministers, regarding the call for formulating a simplified mechanism by the EU to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine to members of the Eastern Partnership Initiative, including Georgia. During the telephone conversation the parties also underscored the special relationship that exists between the friendly nations of Georgia and Lithuania. Emphasis was made on the European and Euro-Atlantic aspiration of Georgia and the significant input that Lithuania has in said process. Additionally, the Lithuanian Foreign Minister noted that Lithuanian state language commission made the decision to make ‘Sakartvelas’ the only proper, official name for Georgia. (In may of 2018 the same commission introduced the aforementioned toponym as an interchangeable variant for the existing official name for Georgia, which, at the time, was ‘Gruziya’). It is noteworthy that on 11th of January the Georgian Foreign Minister met with the Lithuanian Ambassador to Georgia, Andrius Kalindra, in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. During the meeting the Lithuanian Ambassador officially presented the Georgian Foreign Minister with the letter of the 13 EU Foreign Ministers. Within the framework of the meeting the parties also discussed the existing multifaceted relations between the two states, along with the potential prospects of development in terms of cooperation, including and especially in relation to the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and the importance of joint efforts in this endeavour. During the meeting the Lithuanian Ambassador underscored the fact that the Georgian Parliament initiated a resolution regarding Lithuania as an important partner for Georgia, which, according to the assessments of both parties, will only further deepen the existing relations between Georgia and Lithuania. Documents Similar News