12 October 2021 The Political Directorat theDanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Christina Markus Lassen paid a visit to Georgia to hold meetings with the Political Directors of the European and European Integration Departments. The sides expressed their satisfaction with the regular character of the dialogue between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries. Welcoming the recent growing dynamics of bilateral relations, they stressed the importance of exchanging high-level visits, as well as of successful interaction in multilateral formats. During the meetings, special note was taken of Georgia’s and Denmark’s common foreign policy priorities, including value-based relations, alliances, multilateral approaches, issues of economic diplomacy. The sides spoke about their common vision of the challenges facing the European security architecture. In this context, the Georgian side thanked the Political Director for supporting the country's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Christina Marcus Lassen underlined that Denmark is closely interested in promoting the stable and democratic development of the EU neighborhood. Welcoming Denmark's growing interest in the Eastern Neighborhood, the Director of the European Department, Nino Baratashvili highlighted the importance of Denmark’s development assistance, which is aimed at promoting the democratic and institutional development of the country. While on the theme of multilateral approaches and alliances, the sides discussed cooperation within international organizations, including issues relating to mutual support of candidates. Given the growing importance of sub-regional platforms, the Georgian side reaffirmed Georgia's interest in developing cooperation within the framework of the Nordic-Baltic Eight (NB8) format and the Three Seas Initiative. Dealing with the post-pandemic economic rehabilitation issues, the sides exchanged views over the need to deepen trade-economic and sectoral cooperation and achieve the full realization of the existing potential. The Georgian side welcomed the functioning of Danish companies in the Georgian market, which provides a further proof of the favorable investment climate in the country. Along with bilateral relations, the sides paid special attention to the Georgian-EU relations and the prospects for the country's European integration. The Acting Director of the European Integration Department, Lela Garsevanishvili provided the Political Director with detailed information on the current priorities of Georgia-EU cooperation, as well as on Georgia’s expectations regarding the upcoming Eastern Partnership Summit. A t the same time, a special accent was put on the importance of strengthening connectivity with the EU, which will give the country greater scope to make better use of the opportunities arising from the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA). Christina Marcus Lassen noted Georgia's visible and tangible progress on the path to democratic transformation and stressed the importance of furthering this process. The Georgian side, for its part, reaffirmed the irreversibility of reforms and stressed the need of partners’ support. Talking points also included Georgia's Euro-Atlantic integration process and the effective use of existing tools for Georgia's integration with the Alliance. Noting the importance of practical cooperation in terms of increasing compatibility with the North Atlantic Alliance, the sides put the special emphasis on Denmark’s involvement in the implementation of the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package. Georgia’s growing role in ensuring Black Sea security was also highlighted during the meetings. The Danish diplomat reaffirmed her support for Georgia's Euro-Atlantic integration and stressed Georgia's significant contribution towards strengthening international security, which became even more visible against the background of the crisis in Afghanistan. Christina Marcus Lassen welcomed Georgia’s efforts in the process of evacuation from Afghanistan. The Georgian side briefed the Danish diplomat on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the Geneva International Discussions and the government's peace policy. The focus was on systematic violations of fundamental human rights and freedoms in the conflict zone. Special note was taken of Denmark's participation in the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) - the only international mechanism in the conflict zone. The need for the international partners’ consolidated position to maintain the issue atop the international agenda was also highlighted during the meetings. Along with bilateral and multilateral cooperation, discussions focused on regional security challenges as well. The Georgian side reaffirmed its commitment to contribute towards strengthening peace and security in the region. The sides exchanged views over the items on the international agenda, including climate change and gender issues. Dealing with the issues of gender equality, the Georgian and Danish diplomats focused on women's empowerment and welcomed the special role of women in the two countries' diplomatic services, as well as their contribution to political and economic life. At the end of the meeting, the sides spoke about their shared vision of the rules-based international order and the ways to maintain it, as well as to address the challenges facing them. Documents Similar News