6 July 2021 The EU and Georgia held the 14thround of their annual Human Rights Dialogue by videoconference on 6 July. The Georgian delegation was headed by Mr Teimuraz Janjalia, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs while the EU delegation was led by Mr Richard Tibbels, Head of Division in the European External Action Service. The EU and Georgia discussed the human rights situation in Georgia. Discussions also focused on Georgia’s efforts, including towards strengthening national human rights mechanisms, anti-discrimination policy, protection of minority rights, gender equality, progress in combatting domestic violence and all violence against women, children’s rights, labour rights, preventing torture and ill-treatment. The sides also noted that the Covid-19 pandemic and its socio-economic consequences have a growing negative impact on human rights. The EU and Georgia expressed concerns about the dire humanitarian and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, especially with regard to arbitrary detentions restrictions to the right to freedom of movement, erection of artificial barriers across the occupation line, illegal detentions and kidnappings, banning of education in mother tongue, ethnic discrimination towards Georgians. They called for the immediate and unconditional release of Zaza Gakheladze, Irakli Bebua and other illegally detained Georgian citizens. The sides highlighted the importance of the historical judgement of the European Court of Human Rights establishing the occupation of and effective control over Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by Russia and holding Russia responsible for the gross violation of human rights on the ground during the August war and post-occupation period. The EU and Georgia underlined the importance of imposing sanctions on perosns included in the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list. They reaffirmed that the Russian Federation had to implement its obligations under the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and stressed that the Geneva International Discussions should contribute to solving the human security and human rights challenges of people affected by the conflict. The EU and Georgia stressed the need for unhindered access by international humanitarian and human rights mechanisms of the relevant international organisations, as well as the EU Monitoring Mission (EUMM), to both regions. The EU reaffirmed its support to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognised borders.The EU noted the decision of the Government of Georgia to launch an inclusive process of developing a comprehensive “Strategy for de-occupation and sustainable peaceful conflict resolution”. The EU reiterated its support to Georgia’s peace initiative "A Step to a Better Future" and its implementation. The EU underlined the importance of the full and timely implementation of the Agreement signed on 19 April by the political parties in Georgia. It commended the progress achieved to date, particularly on electoral reforms, and called for swift implementation of remaining commitments. Participants condemned violence and attacks on civil activists and journalists on 5 July and agreed on the importance of maintaining a free and pluralistic media environment, upholding the highest standards of protection to the rights of freedom of expression and freedom of assembly, including the right to peaceful protest. The dialogue held annually contributes to the deepening of human rights dialogue with the EU and represents a format complementing the EU-GeorgiaCo-operationSub-​committee on Justice, Freedom and Security The EU and Georgia adopted joint press release on the annual Human Rights Dialogue: https://eeas.europa.eu/delegations/georgia/101397/node/101397_en Documents Similar News