15 November 2018 Paris hosted bilateral political consultations between the Georgian and French Foreign Ministries on 14 November, 2018. The Georgian delegation was led by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, whereasthe French delegation was headed by the Director for Continental Europe at the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs, Florence Mangin. Within the framework of the consultations, the sides discussed issues relating to bilateral and multilateral co-operation between Georgia and France. Highlighting the close and friendly relations between the two countries, the sides welcomed the launch of the Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French Bilateral Political Dialogue aimed at strengthening co-operation between the two countries and bringing it up to a qualitatively new level. It was noted that from the political standpoint, the creation of this format points to the priority importance of partnership with France and represents an attempt to institutionalize the bilateral relations. The inaugural meeting of the Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French Bilateral Political Dialogue will be held in the spring of 2019, within the framework of the Georgian Foreign Minister’s visit to France. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili thanked the French side for the French Government’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration, for its statement in support for Georgia 10 years after the Russia-Georgia war, as well as for France’s renewed contribution to the EUMM. Special attention was paid to successful co-operation between the Defence Ministries of the two countries. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili thanked the French side for France’s active participation in the implementation of the air defence project under theSubstantialNATO-GeorgiaPackage(SNGP). Special note was taken of co-operation between Georgia and France within the framework of peacekeeping missions. Successful co-operation in the fight against organized crime and in the area-related to asylum seekers between the Ministries of Internal Affairs of the two countries was also highlighted. The full and effective use of opportunities of trade and sectoral co-operation between the two countries, development of business links and encouragement of investments were identified as key priorities during the consultations. It was emphasized that the launch of direct flights will be an important step towards bringing the two countries closer to each other. The sides welcomed the fact that the French air company „Air France” will start to operate Tbilisi-Paris direct flights from April 2019. According to the sides, the increased tourist flows between the two countries will increase perception of Georgia in France, on the one hand, and will intensify cultural and economic relations between the two countries, on the other. Talking points also included successful co-operation in the areas of culture and education. Welcoming the enhanced relations between the universities of the two countries, the sides underlined the importance of founding the French-Georgian University. Within the framework of the visit, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili attended the film show “Georgia - All Roads Lead to Europe” held at the Paris Institute of Political Studies (Sciences Po). The Deputy Minister will also hold meetings with the President of the Group of Friendship with Georgia at the National Assembly, Advisor to the Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of France, Diplomatic Advisor to the President and the President of the Sub- Group of Friendship with Georgia at the French Senate. Documents Similar News