13 March 2025 On 11 March 2025, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, participated in the 69th session of the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women (CSW) in New York and delivered a speech to the attending audience. The Minister highlighted the significance of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action. “Thirty years have passed since the adoption of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, a true milestone and framework for the realization of the rights of women and girls” - Maka Botchorishvili said. In her speech, the Minister of Foreign Affairs placed particular emphasis on the grave humanitarian situation in Georgia's occupied territories. She underscored that the human rights situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions remains worrisome, further exacerbated by the absence of international monitoring missions and human rights protection mechanisms on the ground. Nevertheless, within the framework of obligations outlined in UN Security Council resolutions, Georgia remains committed to promoting the rights of women affected by conflict. Conflicts continue to disproportionately impact women and girls, who are often forced to endure violence, displacement, and economic hardship. “Striving for global peace and security is a critical and shared responsibility. Unfortunately, my country has not been spared from these security challenges. As legally attested by decisions of the European Court of Human Rights and the International Criminal Court, Russia continues to occupy the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali maintaining effective control on the ground, where, in the absence of international monitoring mechanisms, the situation remains worrisome. Women living in these two regions, as well as in areas adjacent to occupation lines, continue to suffer systematic and grave violations of their fundamental rights and freedoms. Here, let me stress that Georgia continues to prioritize implementation of the WPS agenda and the meaningful participation of women in relevant formats and has regularly adopted National Action Plans (NAP) since 2012”. The Minister of Foreign Affairs also emphasized the importance of economic development and, in this context, highlighted the progress Georgia has achieved over the past decade. She noted that in recent years, Georgia has emerged as a leading country in terms of ease of doing business, attracting significant investments, and creating employment opportunities. Furthermore, the country has taken significant strides towards a more equal and inclusive society. „We do believe that empowered and educated women, equipped with the knowledge, skills, abilities, and confidence, contribute to the well-being of families and to improved prospects for the next generation“ – the Minister said. While discussing recent national-level initiatives, Maka Bochorishvili highlighted key areas such as the Georgian government’s support for women entrepreneurs and women’s continued access to financial support tools. In conclusion, the Minister reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to contributing to global efforts aimed at further advancing the rights of women and girls. She also referenced Georgia’s report on the implementation of the Beijing Declaration, emphasizing that it serves as clear evidence of the country’s dedication to fulfilling the obligations outlined in the document. Documents Similar News