24 May 2022 The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili met with the Chief Executive Officer of the Open Government Partnership, Sanjay Pradhan in Davos, Switzerland. Ilia Darchiashvili reaffirmed Georgia's unwavering support for the principles of open government and noted that, despite the setbacks caused by the pandemic, the Georgian government has already resumed the process of developing a new agenda of Georgia – Open Government Partnership. As the Minister of Foreign Affairs noted, the process of developing a new Open Government Action Plan, which is coordinated by the Administration of the Government of Georgia, is in an active phase. At the same time, Ilia Darchiashvili thanked Sanjay Pradhan for the support provided by the OGP International Secretariat in this process. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, initiatives for the new Open Government Action Plan are being currently discussed, together with civil society organizations, through the involvement of state agencies, which will be followed by the first meeting of the High-Level Interagency Coordination Council. The OGP Chief Executive Officer thanked Ilia Darchiashvili for Georgia's contribution to the partnership and noted that Georgia is one of the leading members of the Georgia - Open Government Partnership Steering Committee. The sides also discussed how the country's future cooperation with the partnership could continue after the expiration of the current three-year term of membership of the Georgian OGP Steering Committee. Sanjay Pradhan noted that sharing the experience gained by Georgia in the framework of the partnership is especially important for future member states, both globally and across the region. At the end of the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili thanked Sanjay Pradhan for the close cooperation with Georgia and expressed Georgia's commitment to further strengthening the partnership. The Open Government Partnership (OGP) was established in 2011 at the initiative of the Presidents of the United States and Brazil. The organization aims to increase the transparency, accountability and efficiency of governments. Georgia was one of the first countries to join the OGP in 2012. The OGP currently brings together representatives from governments, local governments and civil society in over eighty countries around the world. Documents Similar News