1 May 2018 01.05.2018, Odzisi – The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze and the United States Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs, Wess Mitchell visited the occupation line near village Odzisi. Mikheil Janelidze discussed with the U.S. Assistant Secretary of State the challenges facing the IDPs and the population living across the occupation line and in the occupied regions. Underlining the importance of creating the international security arrangements on the ground the Minister paid special attention to the need to comply with the 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. Mitchell stated that the United States of America firmly supports Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and welcomes the peace initiatives by the government of Georgia to achieve the peaceful resolution of conflicts. Making a comment for media representatives Mitchell said that his country is committed to the security of Georgia as its partner. According to him, the United States of America highly appreciates the efforts of the Georgian Government, Parliament and people to show a deep commitment to democratic reforms. The American diplomat referred to Georgia as an example of successful democracy in the region. “Ten years ago there was a war here, and I am here today to remind the Russian government that the world has not forgotten about those events. The U.S. does not recognize this boundary line as an international border and is very concerned for the safety and well-being of the Georgian citizens who continue to live in the occupied territories.We express our outrage at the detentions, torture, and murder of Georgian citizens that have occurred and express our condolences to their families. We call upon the Russian government to honor the terms of the 2008 ceasefire agreement and cease to recognize these entities as countries, and also to allow the safe passage of humanitarian aid into these regions” - Wess Mitchell stated. Documents Similar News