15 November 2017 15.11.2017, Ashgabat - Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze is in Ashkhabat today to participate in the Seventh Regional Economic Cooperation Conference on Afghanistan: “RECCA -Deepening Connectivity & Expanding Tradethrough Investment in Infrastructure & Improving Synergy”. Speaking before the participants of the Conference, the Georgian Vice Prime Minister highlighted the importance of regional co-operation and the great potential of developing trade-economic relations with Afghanistan, as well as with other countries of the region. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia attaches great importance to participation in new transit routes. "Georgia is a reliable partner and an important actor on the transport arena of the region. Georgia is actively involved in all major strategic projects and initiatives paying particular attention to joining the Lapis lazuli deal, which was initiated by the Government of Afghanistan and enjoys Turkmenistan’s great support. I believe that the region’s future heavily depends on the international projects like Lapis lazuli” – the Minister said. Mikheil Janelidze extensively spoke about the Georgian Government’s successful economic reforms bringing Georgia recognition and top positions at international rankings. According to him, Georgia is evolving into an important transit and transport hub connecting Europe and Asia. Special role, in this process, will be played by the Anaklia Deep Sea Port - the port that will open up new opportunities in terms of enhancing connections between the two continents. Mikheil Janelidze also paid special attention to the Tbilisi Silk Road Forum offering a good platform for new ideas and projects. Commenting on co-operation with Afghanistan, the Minister reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to further contribute to ensuring peace and stability in Afghanistan. According to him, Georgia will provide troop contributions to the Resolute Support Mission (RSM) in 2018. Documents Similar News