14 September 2023 Ilia Darchiashvili met with the Vice Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Defense of Ireland, Micheál Martin Within the framework of the official visit to the Republic of Ireland, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Ilia Darchiashvili met with the Vice Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Defense of Ireland, Micheál Martin. At the meeting, the ministers signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation between the ministries of foreign affairs of the two countries, which, according to the sides, will contribute to the development of high-level political dialogue and to the deepening of existing relations in both bilateral and international formats. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ireland announced Ireland's decision to exempt Georgian citizens with diplomatic passports from visa requirements when traveling to Ireland. As mentioned at the meeting, the technical implementation of the decision is currently underway. The sides welcomed this decision and expressed the hope that it will facilitate the visa regime for Georgian citizens in the future. At the meeting, the ministers also highlighted that the Georgian Foreign Minister paid his visit to Ireland for the first time after long-term pause. It was noted that this visit will further develop the agenda of bilateral relations between the countries, which has been characterized by increasing dynamics recently. At the meeting, the sides paid special attention to the process of Georgia's accession to the European Union. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia provided his colleague with comprehensive information on the implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission and expressed the hope that Georgia's efforts will be properly appraised when making a decision on granting the country a candidate status. On the other hand, the Irish side once again expressed its support for Georgia's European aspirations. The Ministers emphasized the importance of the support of EU member states, including Ireland, during this important period and the opportunity to benefit from Ireland's positive experience in this process. The agenda of bilateral relations between the countries was reviewed in detail during at the meeting. The sides noted the political support reaffirmed by Ireland towards Georgia in both bilateral and international formats. The ministers also emphasized the importance of developing sectoral and trade-economic ties between the countries. Discussions at the meeting focused on the security environment in the region. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked his colleague for supporting Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and for Ireland's active involvement in the EU Monitoring Mission. The sides also discussed the issue of holding the next round of political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the two countries in Tbilisi this year. Ilia Darchiashvili invited his colleague for an official visit to Georgia. At the meeting with the Secretary of State for European Affairs, special attention was paid to the current agenda of Georgia's accession to the European Union and the importance of Ireland's support in this process. Ilia Darchiashvili presented the Minister of State for European Affairs with comprehensive information about the progress that Georgia has made in terms of fulfilling the 12 recommendations of the European Commission and noted that the Georgian government is firmly pursuing the agenda of reforms necessary for joining the European Union. The sides emphasized the strategic importance of the decision to grant Georgia a candidate status. The sides noted the importance of the support of the EU member states, including Ireland, in this process. For his part, the Secretary of State of Ireland once again confirmed his support for Georgia's integration into the European Union. Discussions focused on the strong and dynamic partnership between Georgia and the European Union and noted the importance of Georgia as a strong partner for the European Union. Talking points included the security challenges facing the region and the special role of the European Union in ensuring peace and security in the region. The sides highlighted the activities of the EU Monitoring Mission in Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked the Irish side for their active involvement in the Mission. Within the framework of his first official visit to Ireland, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, met the Speaker of the Parliament of Ireland, Sean O'Farrell. At the meeting, the sides noted with satisfaction the close and friendly relations between Ireland and Georgia and especially welcomed the existing dynamics in the exchange of high-level of visits. Attention was focused on the issue of European integration of Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili spoke at length about the process of Georgia’s EU integration and the government's efforts to fulfill the 12 recommendations of the European Commission. The speaker of the Parliament once again confirmed Ireland's unwavering support for Georgia's accession to the European Union. The security challenges facing the region, the role of the European Union in the peace process were reviewed. The Chairman of the Parliament of Ireland expressed strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. At the meeting, the sides reviewed the existing cooperation and the opportunities to further strengthen the ties between the two countries. Documents Similar News