20 February 2022 On 19 February 2021, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani participated in the panel on the South Caucasus region, on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference. Speaking in detail about the important challenges facing the South Caucasus region, the first Georgian diplomat focused on the steps and opportunities needed to overcome them. He also stressed the peace initiative of the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Gharibashvili, which aims to ensure lasting peace in the region and the implementation of various important social and economic projects through the joint efforts of three countries - Georgia, Azerbaijan and Armenia. Speaking about the South Caucasus region, David Zalkaliani noted the great transit and energy potential of this region, including in terms of its connectivity with the European Union. The Minister also highlighted that the close cooperation of the three countries with the European Union will create a good basis for increasing to its maximum the potential of the region. In addition, the Georgian Foreign Minister briefed the panel participants on the dire humanitarian and security situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. He also spoke about the government's plan for peaceful settlement of the conflict. According to him, the Government is actively working on developing a unified strategy for peaceful settlement of the conflict, which is an inclusive process and envisages maximum involvement of the Georgian population. The panel discussions also focused on the ongoing processes in Ukraine. The participants reaffirmed their strong support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. They unanimously stressed the inadmissibility of armed conflict and stressed the importance of mobilizing the international community’s efforts to defuse the current situation through peaceful means. The panel was attended by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia, the Minister of Energy of Azerbaijan, the President of the World Bank and the Secretary General of the OSCE. Documents Similar News