4 June 2020 On 4 June 20202, the Georgian delegation to the Geneva International Discussions held an online meeting with the EU, UN and OSCE co-chairs of Discussions. From the Georgian side, the meeting was headed by Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia. The Head of the Georgian delegation expressed his concern over the increasing number of provocations from the side of Russia and the intensification of the so-called illegal borderization process which is ongoing in the direction of both occupied regions. Highlighting Russia’s increased use of hybrid war instruments and disinformation campaigns against Georgia and EUMM, Lasha Darsalia said that such destructive activities aim at destabilizing the situation in the country and deteriorating the already fragile security climate in the country. Special accent was put on the difficult humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories amid the COVID-19 pandemic. The sides underlined the need to ensure free movement of local residents, provide them with access to healthcare and root out ethnic discrimination in the occupied territories. According to the Deputy Minister, the decision of the Akhalgori authorities to restrict emergency medical evacuation is absolutely inadmissible as it poses threat to human lives. Discussions focused on the COVID-19 outbreak situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and steps taken by the Georgian government and the international community to assist the conflict-affected population. Lasha Darsalia paid special attention to the need to reach progress on the key items on the agenda of discussions, such as compliance with the ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, non-use of force, creation in international security arrangements on the ground and the safe and dignified return of refugees and internally displaced persons to their homes. The parties agreed to regularly continue online meetings and consultations to prevent provocations and react speedily to the needs of the conflict-afflicted population. Documents Similar News