1 September 2022 On 1 September 2022, the ambassador designate of the Federal Republic of Germany to Georgia, Peter Fischer presented copies of his credentials to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili. At the meeting following the presentation ceremony, the minister congratulated the ambassador on his appointment and wished him success in his future work. The sides noted with satisfaction that Georgia and Germany are close friends and reliable partners, and the traditionally friendly relations between the countries are based on the solid historical foundation and common values. The Minister and the Ambassador positively assessed the multi-dimensional cooperation covering almost all fields and strong people-to-people contacts and cultural ties. The sides discussed the dynamic agenda of bilateral relations and future plans. Special attention was paid to the importance of high-level visits planned for the near future by representatives of the executive and legislative authorities. While on the theme of economic relations between the two countries, the sides positively assessed the fact that Germany is traditionally one of the main trade partners of our country. The sides exchanged views on the German business community’s interest in Georgia, both in terms of investment and logistics. Against the background of the rapidly changing security environment in the region, the sides highlighted the importance of the international partners’ strong political support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its foreign-political priorities. Special attention was paid to the decision to grant Georgia a European perspective and to Georgia's irreversible progress on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The minister informed the German ambassador about the current agenda of European integration and the progress made by Georgia in terms of fulfilling both the obligations stipulated by the association agenda and the recommendations of the European Commission. The German ambassador once again confirmed Germany's unwavering support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and expressed the commitment to further strengthen relations between the two countries. Documents Similar News