6 December 2017 5.12.2017, Brussels - “Georgia is an aspirant for NATO membership. Allied Heads of State and Government agreed that Georgia will become a member of NATO at the Bucharest Summit in April 2008. This decision was reconfirmed at successive NATO Summits” – reads the media backgrounder published by the Alliance prior to the NATO-Georgia Commission. According to the document, the NATO-Georgia Commission (NGC) serves as a forum for political consultations and oversees the practical cooperation between Georgia and NATO. The document underlines the importance of an Annual National Programme. According to it, “Since 2008, Georgia submits every year to NATO Allies an Annual National Programme with a wide range of reform objectives to support Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Based on the ANP, NATO provides focused and comprehensive advice towards Georgia’s reform goals, both in civilian and military frameworks. The NATO Liaison Office in Tbilisi (NLO) ensures liaison with the Georgian Government. It also maintains contacts with NGOs, supports public diplomacy and assists Georgia’s reform efforts. NATO supports Georgia with a Substantial NATO-Georgia Package (SNGP). This aims to strengthen Georgia’s defences and ability to work side-by-side with NATO forces and to help Georgia advance in its preparations for membership in the Alliance. Around 37 resident and non-resident experts from NATO Allies and several partner countries currently provide advice and training across 14 different areas of work, ranging from logistics and planning, to cyber defence and exercises. One major initiative from the Substantial Package is the NATO-Georgia Joint Training and Evaluation Centre (JTEC). Inaugurated in Tbilisi in August 2015, the centre assists Georgia in reforming, modernising and strengthening its security and defence sector. It offers multi-national training and exercise opportunities, fostering cooperation between forces from Georgia, NATO and interested partner countries. Through regional training opportunities, the Centre also contributes to promoting stability in the Black Sea and Caucasus region. The NATO-Georgia Joint Training and Evaluation Centre is currently preparing for the 2019 NATO-Georgia joint military exercise. The construction of a new Command and Staff Training Centre has also been initiated. Defence education and training is also a key objective of NATO-Georgia cooperation. A Defence Institution Building School (DIB School) was inaugurated in 2016 and has conducted more than 40 training activities with around 1000 participants. Further steps to intensify NATO-Georgia cooperation were taken at the Warsaw Summit in July 2016. These include increased support for Georgia’s training and education, strategic communications, and the development of Georgia’s air defence and air surveillance. Allies have also decided to deepen their focus on security in the Black Sea region. Georgia provides regular contributions to NATO’s political-military assessments on Black Sea security. Contacts between NATO’s Maritime Command and the Georgian Coast Guard have been strengthened. Bilaterally, Allies are implementing programmes to enhance Georgia’s self-defence and resilience. Georgia is the fourth largest contributor to NATO’s Resolute Support Mission to train, advise and assist the Afghan National Defence and Security Forces in Afghanistan, with 870 personnel deployed. They are located in Bagram, Kabul and in Mazar-i-Sharif. The Georgian government has also pledged financial support to the Afghan National Defence and Security Forces. Georgia was the largest non-NATO troop contributor to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) which came to an end in December 2014. Georgia also supported Operation Active Endeavour, NATO’s counter-terrorism maritime surveillance operation in the Mediterranean, which was succeeded by Operation Sea Guardian in October 2016. Georgia further contributes to the NATO Response Force (NRF). NATO-Georgia relations NATO- საქართველოს ურთიერთობები Documents Similar News