26 November 2019 26.11.2019, Berlin - “Today when twenty percent of the Georgian territory is occupied by Russia and we are daily witnessing how the barbed wire fences are dividing up families and their properties, Germany’s relentless striving to unification is a source of inspiration to us” –Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said during the joint press conference with his German counterpart, Heiko Maas. Zalkaliani congratulated his German colleague on the 30th anniversary of the Fall of the Berlin Wall – a watershed event that shattered the Soviet Union. “Georgia made its own contribution to these processes and at the meeting with my colleague we highlighted the shared values and interests on which the cooperation between our two countries is based” – the Minister said. Zalkalaini focused his attention on the illegal detention of Vazha Gaprindashvili and the importance of the international community adopting a common approach to such incidents. “The situation in the occupied territories is a cause of our concern day-to-day. The violation of fundamental human rights in the occupied territories and the installation of barbed wire fences in the 21st century is inadmissible. As we speak now, innocent people, including Georgian doctor, Vazha Gaprindashvili are held hostage for already several weeks and all our efforts to achieve their release are futile. Our international partners’ support and strict assessment of this situation is of paramount importance in this regard” – the Minister said. He also spoke extensively about the Georgian Government’s peaceful resolution policy. Zalkalaini highly appraised Georgia-Germany bilateral relations and the increasing number of high-level visits between the two countries. He took special note of Germany’s role and support for Georgia, particularly, in the process of functional integration. According to the Minister, Georgia is determined to go beyond the commitments under the Association Agreement as the ultimate goal Georgia is striving to is EU membership. Zalkaliani also spoke Georgia’s expectations with respect to Eastern Partnership after 2020 expressing the hope that new goals of Eastern Partnership will facilitate Georgia’s political and economic integration with the EU. While on the theme of Georgia’s integration with NATO, David Zalkaliani stressed that Georgia-NATO agenda of relations has never been as busy and dynamic as it is now. He also highlighted Georgia’s contribution towards strengthening Euro-Atlantic security. David Zalkaliani invitedhis colleague to Georgia. Documents Similar News