16 December 2021 On 15 December 2021, Brussels hosted the 6th Eastern Partnership Summit attended by the Prime Minister of Georgia Irakli Garibashvili, together with the Heads of State and Government of the EU Member States and partner countries, as well as the heads of the EU institutions. Addressing the summit, the Prime Minister reiterated Georgia's European aspirations and the firmness of Georgia’s European choice underpinned by the right to membership under Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union. Speaking about the Associated Trio, The Prime Minister noted that this format is a clear manifestation of one of the basic principles of partnership - differentiation. He expressed the hope that the EU-Trio cooperation will further deepen in areas of common interest, and this will help the three countries make full use of the opportunities offered by the Association Agreements. At the summit, the Prime Minister once again drew the attention of the participants to the security challenges facing the region and called on the EU for greater involvement in the conflict resolution process, first of all, in ensuring the full implementation of the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008. The Summit welcomed the efforts of the three associated partners: Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine, aimed at deepening cooperation with the European Union and establishing close coordination in this process for the implementation of the Association Agreements and the intensification of cooperation within the Eastern Partnership. The Heads of State reiterated their strong support for the partner countries’ sovereignty and territorial integrity within the internationally recognized borders. They put the focus on the constant destabilization of the security situation in the region and on gross violations of international law posing a serious threat to peace in Europe. The Summit participants reaffirmed their support for one of the main principles of the Eastern Partnership - differentiation, based on which the EaP countries are offered EU integration instruments on an individual basis. In this context, consideration was given to the Trio's gradual accession to the EU’s Internal Market, which will lead to the maximum harmonization of Georgia’s sectoral legislation with that of the EU and will increase the scope of the exercise of Four Freedoms by Georgia. The Heads of State or Government adopted a Joint Declaration in which they expressed support for all issues of priority to Georgia within the Eastern Partnership. The Declaration provides for a new EaP agenda, in the elaboration of which Georgia, along with the European Union and other partner countries, was actively involved. The ambitious agenda that was developed will enhance the resilience of partner countries' security, economic, institutional, environmental and digital transformation mechanisms over the coming years. The agenda is based on two main pillars - governance and investment, and will be built on conditionality approach that will ensure that projects are implemented in accordance with the rule of law and good governance reforms. The new Eastern Partnership agenda, in addition to maximizing the overall instruments of resilience for the Eastern Partnership members, envisages the achievement of significant short- and medium-term concrete goals through a new EUR 2.3 billion EU regional economic and investment plan (with a potential to mobilise up to EUR 17 billion). For Georgia, this means strengthening transport, energy and digital connectivity, including by maximizing the potential of the Black Sea. Other important projects will also be implemented, the benefits of which will be easily accessible and tangible for our citizens. these are: - Joining the single payments area; - Reducing, to a maximum extent, roaming tariffs between the EU and the Eastern partners. - Supporting small and medium enterprises, including startups; - Establishment of a Road Safety Observatory (Secretariat will be located in Georgia); - Promoting the mobility of students and academia and expanding access to European Solidarity Corps, Erasmus+ and Horizon Europe programmes; - Completing the European School project in Georgia and transforming it into a full-fledged secondary school with a focus on European subjects. - Implementing smart specialisation strategies and developing technology-sharing guidelines; - Encouraging the cultural and creative industries; - Studying and developing renewable energy potential; promoting innovations; finding renewable hydrogen energy resources; - Providing access to high-speed Internet; - Mutually recognised digital signatures between four partner countries and with the EU; - Implementing migration and mobility partnerships, including by promoting labour migration initiatives, The Eastern Partnership Summit is a high-level dialogue format between the EU and the EaP countries held every two years. It discusses and agrees on key strategic and political issues. Documents Similar News