12 February 2022 The Georgia-EU Parliamentary Association Committee (PAC) held its 10th sitting on 10 February 2022, in Brussels. The sitting was chaired by the Co-Chairs of the Committee: Maka Bochorishvili, Chair of the European Integration Committee of the Parliament of Georgia, and Marina Kaljurand, the Chair of the Delegation for relations with the South Caucasus, MEP. The sitting was attended by the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia and the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia together with the members of the Parliament of Georgia and the European Parliament. The First Deputy Foreign Minister, Lasha Darsalia spoke about the difficult security environment in the region, which is due to Russia's aggressive policy. He briefed the participants on Russia's illegal and provocative actions against the occupied territories of Georgia, which further complicates the difficult security and humanitarian situation. In addition, the First Deputy Minister focused on the intensified process of de facto annexation, increasing militarization, fortification of the occupation line with barbed wire fences and artificial barriers, illegal detentions and restriction of free movement. Speaking at the meeting, Lasha Darsalia focused on the Georgian government's peace policy and spoke about the whole-of-the nation process aimed to develop a state strategy for the peaceful settlement of the conflict. The First Deputy Foreign Minister also spoke about the importance of achieving progress in the Geneva International Discussions and stressed the critical need for Russia to implement the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement. The First Deputy Foreign Minister thanked the EU for its contribution to the peaceful settlement of the Russia-Georgia conflict and stressed the importance of the active involvement of the international community, especially of the EU, in the peaceful settlement of the conflict. In his speech, Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the MEPs on the progress made over the past year in the implementation of the Georgia-EU Association Agreement and the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA), as well as the of EU-Georgia visa-free cooperation. The Deputy Minister spoke about the importance of intensifying cooperation with the EU in the field of security and defense and reaffirmed that Georgia remains a reliable partner of the EU in the region in terms of security. In this context, he stressed the country's involvement in EU crisis management operations. The conversation also focused on the efforts made so far in the format of the "Associated Trio", as well as on the 2021 EaP Summit. The Georgian side reaffirmed that EU integration is an irreversible and firm choice of the country; Georgia is committed to its obligations under the Association Agreement; political and economic reforms will continue to prepare the country to apply for EU membership in 2024. At the same time, the Georgian side took special note of the European Parliament’s strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders and for the country's European perspective. Documents Similar News