17 April 2025 On 17 April 2025, a trilateral meeting between Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Armenia is taking place in Tbilisi, at the level of Deputy Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the three countries. The meeting was opened by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili. In her opening remarks, the Minister emphasized the strategic role of the South Caucasus, the potential of the region, and various formats of cooperation: “It is nothing but Georgia’s genuine desire to advance regional cooperation and to identify common interests that unites us and brings us to this table today. The South Caucasus is a region of a strategic importance, with immense potential, which we can jointly benefit. Sharing our visions of the region and exploring possibilities for trilateral cooperation is both - very timely and very much needed”. The trilateral meeting is being held in a closed format, with the participation of Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia; Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan, Elnur Mammadov; and Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia, Vahan Kostanyan, along with other members of their respective delegations. The main objective of the meeting is to share views and identify common interests among the three countries in areas that will contribute to enhancing mutually beneficial, practical trilateral cooperation in support of regional prosperity, stability, and sustainable development. The trilateral meeting neither contradicts nor replaces any existing formats of cooperation. Rather, it represents an additional effort by the three neighboring countries to establish constructive and mutually beneficial engagement. The meeting was preceded by consultations between the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, and the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan, Jeyhun Bayramov, and the Republic of Armenia, Ararat Mirzoyan. It was during these consultations that the initiative for a trilateral meeting between the foreign ministries of the three countries was launched. Documents Similar News