15 May 2017 15.05.2017, Tbilisi - Another round of bilateral political consultations was held between Georgia and Ireland at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, on 15 May 2017. The Georgian side was led by the Director of the Department of Europe, Nino Baratashvili and the Irish delegation – by Eoin O'Leary, Director General of the European Neighbourhood and Policy Division of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade. The consultations were attended by Irish Ambassador to Georgia Michael Forbes and Georgia’s Charges D’Affaires ad interim to Ireland Giorgi Zurabishvili. Within the framework of the visit, a meeting was held with Deputy Foreign Minister Vakhtang Makharoblishvili. The sides discussed in detail a broad spectrum of bilateral and multilateral cooperation between the foreign ministries of Georgia and Ireland. It was emphasized that the opening of the Georgian Embassy in Ireland has further contributed to the intensification of co-operation between the two countries. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili brought to the attention of Eoin O'Leary the recent achievements of Georgia, including the launch of visa-free travel with the EU, calling on the Irish side to take into consideration Georgia’s successes and to start negotiations on simplifying visa procedures for holders of diplomatic and sevice passports. Special attention was paid to steps taken by Georgia towards European integration and Georgia’s expectations for the Eastern Partnership summit scheduled to take place in Brussels in November. The Deputy Minister provided the Irish delegation with information on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, highlighting the importance of the international community’s firm support for the Georgian Government’s peace initiatives. Eoin O'Leary reaffirmed the Irish government’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty, territorial integrity and European aspirations. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili thanked the Irish side for its active support within the international organizations. While on the theme of people-to-people contacts, special note was taken of the successful co-operation in the areas of sport and culture. The importance of sectoral co-operation was also highlighted during the consultations. The Georgian side expressed its readiness to contribute to the further development of sectoral co-operation. Documents Similar News