5 February 2021 Speaking about the occupation regime’s sentencing of illegally detained Georgian citizen Zaza Gakheladze to 12 years and six months in prison, Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister Lasha Darsalia described this step of Russia as a provocation and part of the Hybrid war. According to him, Russia never takes such steps spontaneously. Rather, it is following its own plan. “The maximum escalation of the situation is part of the hybrid war Russia is waging against Georgia and this war has its foreign-political and domestic dimensions” – the Deputy Minister said. In the words of Lasha Darsalia, Russia’s political message to both Georgia’s foreign partners and internal audience is that however great the pressure on Russia, it will in any way continue its spiral of destructive steps. Besides, one of the key goals of the hybrid war is to impose nihilism and “create a false impression that Russia is on the winning side and that Russia will never pay the price of its destructive actions”. According to Lasha Darsalia, by undertaking aggression and attempts of destabilizing the situation, Russia tries to overweigh in importance the international support for Georgia and the fact that the Russia-Georgia conflict is currently one of the key items on the international agenda. The Deputy Minister added that “this support is further reaffirmed by the fact that the OSCE Chairman-in-Office discussed the issue of Georgia during his visit in Russia, the U.S. Secretary of State also mentioned Georgia in his conversation with Lavrov. I’d also like to recall up to 70 international resolutions and reports recently adopted, including on the human rights situation in the occupied territories, and most importantly, the Strasbourg Court’s judgment holding Russia responsible for the occupation of the Georgian territories and exercising effective control there, on the one hand, and on the other, for grave human rights violations taking place on the ground, which means Russia’s responsibility for ethnic cleansing” – Darsalia said. Documents Similar News