20 April 2022 The 25th Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe on the Conflict in Georgia was discussed at the meeting of the deputy ministers of the Council of Europe, on 20 April 2022. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia delivered his speech before the attending audience. The Report describes the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line between October 2021 and March 2022. The Report mentions the continued trend of illegal so-called “borderisation” processes, the restriction of free movement and other serious human rights violations in the regions occupied by Russia, including bans on the right to education in the native language. The report emphasizes that the closure of the so-called “crossing points” has a severe impact on the affected population. It also mentions facts of illegal detentions by occupation forces, including the illegal arrest of Georgian citizen Irakli Bebua, and notes that the Georgian Government raised the issue of his immediate release. The report also emphasises the importance of delivering justice on the cases of citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, Davit Basharuli, Irakli Kvaratskhelia and Inal Jabiev. It also maintains that no progress has been made in this regard. According to the Secretary General’s report, no progress could be reported as regards the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees. In this light, the report takes stock of the Georgian central government’s efforts in terms of providing IDPs with improved housing and socio-economic conditions. The Report also pays special attention to the Georgian Government’s peace initiatives. Addressing the Deputy Ministers of the Council of Europe, the First Deputy Foreign Minister spoke about Russia's disregard for the principles of international law and the challenges facing the European security architecture. Lasha Darsalia condemned Russia's aggression against Ukraine, which constitutes a gross violation of the basic principles of international law, including international humanitarian law, the UN Charter, the Helsinki Final Act and the Charter of the Council of Europe. He reaffirmed Georgia's solidarity with Ukraine and the Ukrainian people and its unwavering support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty within its internationally recognized borders, and welcomed the concerted efforts of the international community, including the Council of Europe, against Russian aggression. During the discussion of the Consolidated Report, the First Deputy Minister provided the participants of the meeting with detailed information on the Russian occupation of the Georgian regions and the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation on the ground, which becomes even more alarming in the light of Russian aggression against Ukraine. The Deputy Minister focused on illegal militarization, steps towards de facto annexation, illegal fortification of the occupation line, illegal detentions and other serious human rights violations, ethnic discrimination against Georgians, including the ban on education in the native language. Lasha Darsalia paid special attention to the importance of immediate release of Georgian citizens detained illegally, including Irakli Bebua and Mamuka Chkhikvadze. According to the Deputy Minister, the abduction and illegal detention of Georgian citizens by the Russian occupation regime has repeatedly confirmed the brutal character of the Russian occupation. In this regard, he noted the death of Gennady Bestaev during his illegal detention. At the meeting, the First Deputy Minister reiterated the Georgian Government’s commitment to the policy of peaceful settlement of the conflict and the importance of more courageous and principled actions of the international community to ensure security in the region. It should be noted that during the discussion of the consolidated report - "Conflict in Georgia", statements of support were made on behalf of the EU and GUAM. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the 25th Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and emphasizes the importance of keeping this issue on the political agenda of the Council of Europe. იხილეთ: ევროპის საბჭოს გენერალური მდივნის 25-ე კონსოლიდირებული ანგარიში "კონფლიქტი საქართველოში" ევროკავშირის განცხადება: გენერალური მდივნის 25-ე კონსოლიდირებული ანგარიშთან "კონფლიქტი საქართველოში“ დაკავშირებით სუამის განცხადება: გენერალური მდივნის 25-ე კონსოლიდირებული ანგარიში "კონფლიქტი საქართველოში" Documents Similar News