12 March 2021 On 12 March 2021 Georgia was visited by Hungary’s Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, Peter Szijjártó. After holding a meeting with the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani, the two Ministers held a joint press-conference. During the press-conference the Hungarian Minister spoke about the significance of the Eastern Partnership Initiative, as well as Georgia’s special role within said framework. “Hungary, being located on the Easternmost edges of the EU, is a staunch support of the Eastern Partnership initiative, where Georgia has indeed occupied the dominant position. We view said framework as the best mechanism for strengthening the EU. Strengthening of the EU in terms of politics and economy necessitates that the EU seek new allies and to expand. In this regard Georgia is one of the best candidates. We strongly support Georgia’s process of European integration. We also support Georgia’s aspiration to apply for accession into the EU by 2024. We are delighted that Georgia is taking these steps towards European integration. You can rely on Hungary” – stated Szijjártó. During the press-conference Szijjártó also underscored that there is need for stronger cooperation between Georgia and NATO, reconfirming Hungary’s support for Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic path, noting that Georgia’s contribution in NATO missions will allow for deeper and more comprehensive cooperation. The Hungarian diplomat also discussed active cooperation in the field of economy. “Despite the fact that global trade has diminished by 9% last year, we managed to increase trade with states of the Eastern Parnership by 9%. A Hungarian pharmaceutical company is among top 10 active companies in Georgia, with the Hungarian airline company, “WizzAir” successfully operating in Kutaisi. There is also active cooperation in the field of defence. Hungarian companies may also be involved in ensuring water supply for the second largest city in Georgia. The Hungarian “Exim” bank provided 140 million worth of credit, in order to simplify the process of entering the Georgian market for Hungarian companies, developing business ties between the two states. Georgia’s central role in the process of diversifying of energy sources for the EU is also significant. It is in Hungarian interests to use the emergy corridor to receive natural gas from the Caucasus. In this regard Georgia has a significant role to play, as a transit nation” – stated Szijjártó. Active cooperation in the field of education was also underscored. According to Szijjártó, Hungary actively funds scholarships for Georgian students, with 262 students applying for appropriate scholarships this year, the highest number in many years. Towards the end of the press-conference the Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade stated that Hungary and Georgia will continue active work in order to further develop bilateral relations. Documents Similar News