23 December 2019 3.12.2019, Tbilisi - Tbilisi hosted the eighth trilateral foreign ministerial meeting of Azerbaijan, Turkey and Georgia. The sides signed the joint statement and the new action plan of trilateral sectoral cooperation for 2020-2022. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, this format is a comprehensive and successful mechanism of regional cooperation. “This format gives us a good opportunity to discuss a broad spectrum of issues on the agenda of trilateral cooperation”. “Georgia has exemplary bilateral relations with Azerbaijan and Turkey. These two countries are Georgia’s large-scale trade partners; we are connected through strategic partnership and multi-dimensional cooperation comprising political, trade-economic, cultural, transport, energy and many other areas” – Zalkaliani said. Special attention during the meeting was paid to the discussion of the joint regional transport-energy projects. The importance of Trans-Caspian pipeline project and the role of Georgia, Azerbaijan and Turkey in transporting energy resources from the Caspian region to Europe and in ensuring Europe’s energy security. Highlighting the importance of the successfully implemented Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan and Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum energy projects, the Ministers pledged to remain in coordination to ensure the full-scale implementation of the South Energy Corridor. The importance of concluding the 2nd stage of the TANAP Project was also highlighted. “Considering the strategic location and transport potential of Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey, we attached paramount importance to the unhindered functioning of the Europe-Asia Transport Corridor. We also singled out for special mention the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars (BTK) railway project, which, having considerably reduced traffic costs has become an alternative route connecting Europe and Asia. The parties took special note of the three countries’ special role in the restoration of the historical silk road, which will further deepen cooperation between the two countries and strengthen people-to-people contacts. Particular attention was paid to the security challenges and threats facing the region. According to Zalkaliani, “the existing conflicts pose a serious a serious threat to international peace, stability and security”. The parties highlighted that such conflicts and threats need to be resolved through peaceful means, in line with the principles of international law. In the words of Zalkaliani, the meeting has made it clear that Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey remain committed towards deepening their relations. Tbilisi-Statement-2019.docx Documents Similar News