28 September 2018 27.09.2018, Geneva - The 39thsession of the UN Human Rights Council (HRC) held on 27 September 2018 dealt with the report of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights regarding the occupied territories of Georgia. The session was attended by Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Khatuna Totladze. Addressing the UN Human Rights Council (HRC), Khatuna Totladze thanked the Human Rights Commissioner for his objective and fair assessment of the grave human rights situation in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Highlighting the recent development of events in Georgia’s occupied territories, Khatuna Totladze spoke about the grave humanitarian consequences resulting from the installation of barbed wire fencesand other artificial barriers across the occupation line, restrictions on free movement, prohibition of the native language education in both occupied regions and other human rights violations. Special attention was paid to the murder of Archil Tatunashvili. According to the Deputy Minister, the brutal murder of Archil Tatunashvili, along with the cases of Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli points to the alarming situation in the occupied territories. Khatuna Totladze highlighted the importance of involvement of international organizations, and in particular, of the Office of Human Rights Commissioner, in the human rights monitoring process on the ground. The Human Rights Commissioner’s Report on the situation in Georgia’s occupied regions was prepared based on the Human Rights Council resolution on “Cooperation with Georgia” of 23 March 2018. In his report the HCHR concludes that "the authorities incontrol in Abkhazia and South Ossetia are responsible to uphold the fundamental freedomsand human rights of all people living under their control." Accordingly the whole responsibility on the human rights situation in both occupied regions rests with the occupying power - Russian Federation. Georgia’s Permanent Representative to the UN Office and other international organisations in Geneva Victor Dolidze spoke about the close co-operation between the UN High Commissioner’s Office and Georgia. The delegations of the EU, Japan, Germany, Hungary, Ukraine, Iceland, Estonia, Lithuania, France, Great Britain, Finland, Sweden, Montenegro, Romania, Poland, Norway, Moldova and Bulgaria made statements in support for Georgia highly appraising its progress in the human rights area and reaffirming their firm support to Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. Documents Similar News