20 November 2019 20.11.2019, New York - On 19 November 2019 Permanent Representative of Georgia to the United Nations Ambassador Kaha Imnadze delivered a statement on the margins of the UN Security Council Open Debate on the role of reconciliation in maintaining international peace and security. In his statement, Ambassador Imnadze emphasized that Georgia is committed to the policy of peaceful conflict resolution, and pursues the reconciliation and engagement policy towards its occupied regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia, Georgia. Ambassador Imnadze focused his attention on the case of Medical Doctor Vazha Gaprindashvili from Tbilisi, who, while paying a visit to a patient in need of urgent care, was illegally detained by the occupation forces and sentenced to 2 months of pretrial detention and remains in custody, on the allegation of so-called “illegal border crossing” and other concocted accusations. Permanent Representative of Georgia demanded that Dr. Gaprindashvili should be released at once and called on the international community to take a firm and principled stance on this issue. Imnadze also informed the UN Security Council about the fatal incident, when 70-year-old Margo Martiashvili, requiring urgent medical assistance, died because of the denial by the occupying regime to open the so-called crossing point in order to access the nearest hospital. While delivering his remarks, Kaha Imnadze noted that in 2018 in close cooperation with all relevant national and international stakeholders, Georgian Government adopted a new package of peace initiatives entitled “A Step to a Better Future”. The initiative has sparked interest of local population in both Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia and even against the artificial obstacles installed along the dividing lines people-to-people contacts and interest in travel throughout Georgia have increased. According to Ambassador Imnadze, the peace initiative covers three main dimensions: facilitating trade across the dividing lines; enhancing educational opportunities for the residents of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia and easing access to state services by simplifying technical procedures for obtaining Georgian passports and life-cycle documents by the residents of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia. Ambassador Imnadze stressed that free healthcare service is a key direction of Georgian Government’s peace and engagement policy whereby the residents of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions are able to access various state healthcare programs. He expressed concern that program vis-à-vis the Tskhinvali region is under serious threat. Just a few weeks ago, Georgia informed the Council on the recent cases of the “borderization” and closure of the so-called crossing points in Tskhinvali region, particularly in Akhalgori district. Documents Similar News