30 June 2022 The Madrid Summit decisions, including both their practical and political dimensions, are of paramount importance to Georgia. In view of the challenges facing us, the further development of NATO-Georgia practical cooperation and the deepening of the political dialogue are essential for the improvement of regional security. We hail the approval by the Allies of a set of tailored support measures for Georgia. The document envisages concrete steps to further enhance Georgia’s defence capabilities and to achieve NATO’s more effective engagement in this process. This new instrument, along with the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package, will create a greater scope for bringing Georgia’s defence and security sector closer to NATO standards and to strengthen the country’s defence capabilities. Georgia welcomes the adoption of a new strategic concept by the NATO Summit in Madrid. The new concept duly reflects the recent geopolitical shifts and the Alliance’s long-term response to the emerging threats. It needs to be highlighted that the new strategic concept gives due consideration to the topical importance of the Open Door Policy and to Georgia’s membership perspective, in line with the 2008 Bucharest Summit Decision, as well as to the fundamental principle that each sovereign country has the right to choose its own security arrangements, without external interference in any form. Paramount importance needs to be attached to NATO’s unequivocal support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as confirmed repeatedly in several documents adopted by the Madrid Summit. Georgia highly appraises the Madrid Summit decisions to further strengthen the security of the NATO Member States, as well as to ensure the Black Sea security. We also welcome the Madrid Summit’s decision regarding the enlargement of the Alliance. We congratulate Finland and Sweden on being invited to join the Alliance. Their accession will make Europe safer and the Alliance – stronger. Being the actual implementation of the Open Door Policy, this process is essentially important for Georgia, as an aspirant country. We also hail the decision of the Alliance to continue to support Ukraine. Georgia places a particularly high value on the messages voiced during the North Atlantic Council’s meeting signaling the Member States’ firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its Euro-Atlantic integration. The decisions made regarding Georgia during the Summit will contribute to improving Georgia’s security and defence capabilities and will bring the country closer to its ultimate goal – NATO Membership. Documents Similar News