25 July 2022 On 25 July 2022, the Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a meeting between the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Ilia Darchiashvili and the President of the 76th Session of the UN General Assembly, Abdulla Shahid, who made his first official visit to Georgia. Following the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili said that the visit is a clear confirmation of close cooperation with the United Nations and Georgia's active involvement in the work of the organization. At the meeting, the sides discussed, among other issues, the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions of Georgia and the need to fulfill the international obligations undertaken by Russia. The Minister of Foreign Affairs thanked the President of the General Assembly for his strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. The sides also exchanged views on the current issues of cooperation between Georgia and the organization within the framework of the UN General Assembly, including on the issues of peace and security, human rights protection, sustainable development, gender equality and women's empowerment, promoting youth engagement. As Ilia Darchiashvili noted, Georgia is actively involved in the work of the UN General Assembly, as well as in the work of various structures of the organization. According to the minister, Georgia also co-facilitates various important processes and co-authors thematic resolutions. It should be noted that within the framework of his visit to Georgia, the President of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly will hold meetings with the President of Georgia, Salome Zourabichvili, the Prime Minister, Irakli Gharibashvili, and the Speaker of the Parliament, Shalva Papuashvili. The President of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly will also visit the occupation line, visit the settlement of internally displaced persons in the village of Tserovani and explore the situation resulting from the occupation. In addition, the President of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly will visit the Public Service Hall, where he will get acquainted with the current model of providing public services, as well as with the reforms, which are implemented within the framework of the "Open Government Partnership" initiative and which play an important role in achieving the goals of sustainable development. Abdulla Shahid will also visit the UN office in Georgia and hold meetings with representatives of non-governmental organizations involved in the UN programme. Documents Similar News