9 February 2023 "We greatly appreciate Croatia’s position to promote Georgia's accession to the EU and its willingness to share its experience with us," - the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili said during the joint press conference held within the framework of the Croatian Foreign Minister Gordan Grlić Radmanto’s visit to Georgia. According to him, Radman is on his first official visit to Georgia that comes on the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries. In this light Minister Darchiashvili referred to the recent launch of the diplomatic representation of Georgia in Zagreb, which will further strengthen the friendly relations between the two countries. According to Ilia Darchiashvili, the sides discussed all current issues on the agenda of bilateral and multilateral relations, emphasized the importance of further pursuing the high-level political dialogue and the prospects of deepening cooperation in various fields. "Of great importance is the cooperation in trade and economic areas. I hope that the Croatian companies’ interest in the investment potential of Georgia will increase in the near future. Georgia’s favorable business environment, as well as the unique opportunities of the Association Agreement, and in particular, of DCFTA, will create a solid foundation for the activities of Croatian companies in Georgia. It should be emphasized that within the framework of Minister Radman's visit, two important documents were signed: the Agreement on Economic Cooperation and the Memorandum of Understanding between the Foreign Ministries on Diplomatic Trainings. Darchiashvili focused on Georgia's progress in terms of advancing to next stage of EU integartion. He also emphasized Georgia's active work to fulfill all priorities and obligations under the Association Agreement. The Georgian side once again thanked the Croatian government for their strong support of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, for the peaceful settlement of the Russia-Georgia conflict, and their contribution to the EU Monitoring Mission. Documents Similar News