21 November 2017 21.11.2017, Tbilisi - Following the completion of internal procedures, the European Union and Georgia adopted a revised EU-Georgia Association Agenda for the period 2017-2020. The new Association Agenda is more ambitious than the previous one enabling Georgia to come maximally close to the EU standards and norms. The Association Agenda is designed to facilitate the implementation of the Association Agreement and comprises specific priorities in all areas of co-operation under the Association Agreement The new agenda reflects the big progress Georgia achieved during the implementation of the previous agenda for 2014-2016. Georgia goes throughthe active phase of implementation of the Association Agreement: Georgia’s legal and institutional directions are coming in line with the European standards; Georgia is implementing the EU standards in different fields and intensifying involvements in the EU’s special agencies and programs. The new agenda reflects the intentions. It needs to be emphasized that the new agenda was developed through active communication and co-operation with civil society addressing a wide range of priorities of non-governmental organizations in such spheres as 1) Democracy, Human Rights, Good Governance and Strengthening Institutions; 2) Foreign and Security Policy; 3) Justice, Freedom and Security; 4) trade and trade-related matters; 5) economic development and market opportunities; 6) Connectivity, Energy Efficiency, Environment, Climate Action and Civil Protection. The EU is committed to provide Georgia with financial and technical support. For this goal the EU developed the ENI Single Support Framework (SSF) envisaging support for Georgia in implementing the objectives and priorities set out in the Association Agenda, including through using all available sources of EU support, as well as expertise and advice, best practices and know-how, the sharing of information, support to capacity-building, institutional strengthening and developing new assistance instruments. As a result of enhanced co-operation with the EU in the area of securit, the security direction was highlighted as a separate priority in the new agenda. Special attention is devoted to peaceful resolution of the conflict, which, against Russia’s occupation policy, remains the unchallenged priority of the Georgia-EU co-operation. Documents Similar News