12 November 2018 “We are interested in deepening political and economic relations between Georgia and Finland” -the Finnish Foreign Minister Timo Soini said at the joint press conference with the Georgian Foreign Minister. “Georgia has made a remarkable progress in its internal reforms and I encourage Georgia to go further with this process because it will be of a great help not only to your society and but also to the future aspirations to the membership of the European Union” - Timo Soini said. The Ministers highly appraised the bilateral relationship between Georgia and Finland mentioned Finland’s considerable support for the development of democracy and institutional development in Georgia. In this context, special attention was paid to the implementation of Twinning projects in Georgia, through the involvement of Finland, to the upgrading of the Georgian customs system, its harmonization of the EU customs system and administrative capacity building of the revenue service. Highlighting the Finnish tourists’ increasing interest in Georgia, the Finnish Foreign Minister said that there is a huge potential for the development of co-operation in this sector. According to him, the Free Trade Agreement with the EU creates a good opportunity in attracting more European investments to Georgia. Discussions also focused on co-operation in the area of education. Ministers positively appraised the visit of representatives of the Georgian Ministry of Education and Science to Helsinki.Minister Soini welcomed the initiative of opening a Finnish school in Georgia. The Ministers welcomed Finland’s upcoming Presidencyof the Committee of Ministers of theCouncil of Europe. Zalkaliani highly appreciated Finland’s important contribution to the implementation of the CoE Action Plan by Georgia. Special note was taken of Finland’s support in the framework of international organizations. Ministers also welcomed co-sponsorship of Finland of the Resolution on Georgia by the CoE Human Rights Committee. The Georgian Foreign Minister expressed gratitude to his Finnish counterpart for the visit of H.E. Mr. Sauli Niinisto, the President of the Republic of Finland, to Georgia on the occasion of the centenary of the first Democratic Republic of Georgia. The Finnish side underlined Georgia’s active involvement in building the monumental Finnish Flag on the occasion of the 100thanniversary of independence of Finland. David Zalkaliani invited his Finnish counterpart to Georgia to attend the Batumi International Conference dedicated to the 10thanniversary of the Eastern Partnership. During the meeting, Finland condemned the process of installation artificial barbwiresby occupation regime in the village of Atotsi and supported Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Minister David Zalkaliani visited Helsinkion 11-12 November, 2018within his tour inScandinavian countries. Documents Similar News