7 September 2022 Another round of political consultations at the level of deputy ministers was held between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Georgia and the Republic of Turkey. The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, and the Turkish delegation - by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Turkey, SedatÖnal. The sides welcomed the existing strategic partnership and close bilateral cooperation, which is celebrated this year by marking the 30th anniversary of the restoration of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Turkey. The sides emphasized the importance of mutual exchange of high-level visits, as well as those at the level of sectoral agencies. Special mention was made of the importance of holding the third session of the High-level Strategic Council. Discussions focused on the bilateral agenda of strategic cooperation. Attention was also paid to the ongoing regional processes and the role of Georgia and Turkey in maintaining stability and peace in the region. The Turkish side once again confirmed its strong support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia, as well as for Georgia's integration into NATO. Prospects for deepening trade and economic cooperation between Georgia and Turkey and attracting investments were also discussed at the meeting. The sides emphasized the need of of active interaction between the two countries in the field of transport, energy and customs. Attention was focused on issues of regional cooperation, the importance of implementing joint projects and the need to fully use the transit and transport potential of the two countries. Special mention was made of the prospects for deepening Georgia-Turkey cooperation within the framework of international organizations. The sides once again confirmed their commitment towards active cooperation and deepening of strategic partnership. They also expressed their readiness to continue political consultations in the future. Documents Similar News