17 October 2022 On 17 October 2022, the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Norway officially launched the Embassy of Norway in Tbilisi. The opening of the Embassy took place within the framework of the Norwegian Foreign Minister, Anniken Huitfeldt’s visit to Georgia. The two Ministers addressed the invited guests at the opening ceremony. “On behalf of the Georgian Government, I welcome Norway’s presence in Tbilisi and wish all the success to our Norwegian colleagues in the future endeavors. We are very delighted that the number of the Foreign Diplomatic Missions accredited in Georgia is more and more growing and Tbilisi represents itself as a regional diplomatic hub. It is a real historic day and a great moment in a long history of excellent diplomatic relations between Georgia and Norway. This year we celebrate the 30th anniversary of the restoration of diplomatic relations between our two countries. The opening of this Embassy is a clear proof of close friendly relations and fruitful cooperation over the last three decades that have brought us many tangible results for the benefit of both – two countries. I deeply believe that the Embassy of Norway, in turn, will add a new chapter to Georgian-Norwegian cooperation for expanding and diversifying further our cherished relations” – Ilia Darchiashvili is quoted as saying. The Norwegian Foreign Minister also focused on the firm and frinds relations between Georgia and Norway: “It’s been 30 years since we re-established bilateral relations. Firs time was back in 1918 when Norway recognized the Democratic Republic of Georgia. Some 20 years before that, one of Norway’s most renowned authors Knut Hamsun roamed the Caucauss and he fell in love with Georgia. Wgen he returned back home he wrote a book “In the Country of Adventures” where he describes Georgia’s mountains and also valleys… and the Georgian people. And he writes that Georgia and the Caucasus reminds him of home, the far north of Norway where he grew up. He found that hard work, skills and prudent attitudes of farmers in Georgia was similar to the work, skills and attitudes of the farmers in north Norway. I’m confident that the hard work, the skills and attitudes that Knut Hamsung recognized both in Georgia and Norway will be valuable assets for both of our countries. In these days, the hard work, the skillful diplomacy and consistent attitude that we share is more important than ever” - Anniken Huitfeldt highlighted. Documents Similar News