14 November 2019 13.11.2019 Strasbourg – The Committee of Ministers Deputies of the Council of Europe reviewed the 20th Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia, which covers the period between April and September, 2019 and deals with the difficult human rights and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. The Report revolves around the situation in Georgia’s occupied regions and across the occupation line focusing on the humanitarian consequences resulting from the occupation regimes’ illegal activities. The report includes information on the recent serious escalation of tensions in the villages of Chorchana and Gugutiantkari. According to the Report, the closure of two so-called crossing points further aggravates the situation. The report indicates that representatives of the Georgian central government assess the impact of the recent developments on the security environment and the humanitarian situation in the Tskhinvali region as worrisome. The report focuses on the situation regarding access to education in the native language, due to restrictions imposed on Georgian schools. It also pays special attention to the fact that ethnic Georgians living in the occupied regions are forced to register as foreigners. The practice of illegal detentions also makes the human rights and humanitarian situation even more difficult. The Report highlights the importance of confidence building projects. The projects are carried out through the involvement of the Council of Europe and are aimed at facilitating a dialogue between the parties. The Secretary General’s report also refers to the rounds of the Geneva International Discussions held during the reporting period, closure of the crossing points in the occupied territories, restrictions on the rightს to free movement, health, education. The co-chairs put an accent on the need to immediately remove illegal restrictions. In this context, the need to resume the suspended meetings of the Gali IPRM was once again stressed. 20th Consolidated Report on the Conflict in Georgia Documents Similar News