27 April 2018 27.04.2018 – The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Tbilisi Ivane Javakhishvili State University announced a student essay competition allowing students to demonstrate their thinking on issues relating to the foreign policy of the first democratic republic of Georgia. Within the framework of the competition, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Tbilisi Ivane Javakhishvili State University signed a memorandum of understanding aiming to facilitate co-operation between the parties in order to raise young people’s awareness about Georgia’s foreign policy during the period from 1918 to 1921. “The first democratic republic was based on democratic values. Its goal was to achieve European integration - a goal that still continues to be the choice of our people. We need, therefore, to thoroughly explore our history, in order to make fewer mistakes and attain our goal that can be described as historic” – the Foreign Minister said when delivering his remarks after the memorandum signing ceremony. He spoke about the importance of marking the 100th anniversary since the foundation of the first democratic republic of Georgia and the need for students to gain deeper insights into the foreign policy of Georgia in those years. In the opinion of the Minister, the competition will yield important information for the analysis of historic facts. The Rector of the State University, Giorgi Sharvashidze delivered opening remarks at the memorandum signing ceremony. He highlighted the importance of the student essay competition and the achievements of the first democratic republic of Georgia. Giorgi Sharvashidze also paid special attention to the close co-operation between the university and the Foreign Ministry. The student essay competition was launched at the Tbilisi Ivane Javakhishvili State University. The event was attended by students, professors and media representatives. The competition opens submissions for students of all the three levels of universities accredited in Georgia. Essays must be 800-1000 words, font – Sylfaen, size – 11, spacing – 1.5. Applicants should indicate their names, surnames, contact details, university, department, level, specialty. The commission comprised of representatives of the Foreign Ministry and the Tbilisi Ivane Javakhishvili State University will shortlist three essays that will be published on the websites of the Foreign Ministry, the State University and partner media agencies. The authors of winning essays will be awarded various prizes. The award ceremony will be held on 24 May. Applicants will e-mail their essays to [email protected] . Deadline for submissions: 18 May 2018 included. Documents Similar News