20 April 2023 On 19 April 2023, the 27th consolidated report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe - "Conflict in Georgia" was discussed at the meeting of Council of Europe Ministers' Deputies. First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, took part in the session. The Secretary-General's 27th Consolidated Report describes the dire security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line during the period from November 2022 to March 2023. The report mentions the delegation's visit to the occupation line, for the organization of which the Council of Europe expresses its gratitude to the Georgian side. The report highlights the human rights and humanitarian situation in the regions of Georgia occupied by Russia. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia, addressed the participants of the session. In his speech, he thanked the Council of Europe for adoption of the report and for keeping the issue of Georgia on the agenda of the Council of Europe. The First Deputy Minister emphasized the difficult security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied regions of Georgia. He spoke about the security challenges facing the region against the background of Russia's aggression against Ukraine. Lasha Darsalia expressed his support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The First Deputy Minister also spoke about the judgments issued by the European Court of Human Rights and the International Criminal Court, which confirm the occupation of regions of Georgia by Russia, the implementation of effective control and responsibility for human rights violations, among others, he noted the recent judgment of the European Court of Human Rights on March 7. The ruling confirms that Russia exercised effective control over the Abkhazian region until August 2008 and is responsible for human rights violations. At the meeting, the first deputy minister once again emphasized the Georgian government’s commitment to the policy of peaceful resolution of the conflict. During the review of the consolidated report "Conflict in Georgia", supporting statements were made by the Delegations of the European Union (Albania, Andorra, the United Kingdom, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, North Macedonia, San Marino, Ukraine, Georgia acceded to the EU statement), Azerbaijan, U.S., Bosnia and Herzegovina, Türkiye, Moldova, Norway, Serbia, Ukraine. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the 27th consolidated report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and emphasizes the importance of keeping the mentioned issue on the political agenda of the Council of Europe. Documents Similar News