21 June 2021 According to the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, the Prime Minister and Government of Georgia launched Government Commission to elaborate and implement the Georgian State Strategy for De-occupation and Peaceful Conflict Resolution. The Commission will be chaired and coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia. In the words of Zalkaliani, this will be a highly responsible and inclusive process, which will involve all segments of society, including state agencies and institutions, as well as civil society – research centres, non-governmental organizations, experts, conflict-affected community and the wider community. “Our goal and ambition is to create a unified national process and, rather than division and break-up, to develop a common state approach to and a strategic vision on the de-occupation and peaceful conflict resolution. By the end of the year, an increasing number of meetings, dialogues, discussions and consultations will be held at the interagency level, as well as with the involvement of civil society, in order to jointly develop a state vision on a peaceful and unified Georgia” – Zalkaliani said. According to the Vice Prime Minister, amid the escalating security environment in our region and the newly emerged geopolitical challenges facing the country, as well as against the background of Russia’s constant provocations and steps towards de-facto annexation of Georgian territories leading to the gradually deteriorating situation in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, Georgia’s policy in the face of new challenges needs to be more effective. In order to duly respond to new challenges in the region, it is critically important to create a revised, comprehensive and inclusive peace policy, involving the wider community – the policy which will provide for result-oriented activities in all strategic areas: withdrawal of the Russian troops from the Georgian territory, conflict resolution, establishment of peace and security, return of IDPs, offering a dignified future and best development prospects to the conflict-affected communities in Sokhumi and Tskhinvali, as well as Shamgona and Khurvaleti. “We should do our utmost to be able to live in a Georgia where there will be no occupation forces and dividing lines. We heavily rely on our strategic partners in achieving the foregoing. Our unity and inclusive peace process is critically important to get started the process of de-occupation and unification, through the proactive involvement of the international community” – the Foreign Minister is quoted as saying. Documents Similar News