28 December 2020 On December 28th of 2020 an online-meeting of Foreign Ministers of member-states of GUAM was held. The meeting was attended by the Foreign Ministers of Georgia, Azerbaijan, Moldova; David Zalkaliani, Jeyhun Bayramov, Aureliu Ciocoi respectively, the deputy foreign minister of Ukraine, Vasyl Bodnar, and the Secretary General of GUAM, Altay Efendiyev. It is noteworthy that from January 1st of 2020, Georgia will assume the chairmanship of the organisation from Azerbaijan for a duration of 1 year. In this regard, during the aforementioned online-meeting, David Zalkaliani presented to his colleagues in GUAM with the priorities that Georgia has outlined for its chairmanship, noting that particular emphasis will be made on strengthening both political, thematic as well as the dimension of parliamentary cooperation and people-to-people contacts within the framework of the organisation. The Ministers wished success to David Zalkaliani during the period of Georgia’s chairmanship. Additionally, the Minister’s colleagues congratulated him on conducting parliamentary elections in Georgia and voting in the government. The Ministers also discussed activity conducted by the organisation during the pandemic in terms of the working groups and sub-groups focusing on the active and successful cooperation between customs institutions, which was of utmost importance especially within the framework of this global crisis. Additionally, emphasis was made on all relevant issues on the agenda of the organisation, including political, thematic, interparliamentary and cooperation with external partners. Within the framework of the session the ministers gave a positive assessment of the cooperation of the GUAM+ format with the original partner states, discussing potential cooperation avenues with external partners. In this regard Israel was particularly outlined. Towards the end of the meeting decisions regarding organisational issues were signed, adopted the protocol of the online-meeting. Documents Similar News