28 December 2021 On 27 December 2021, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia hosted an official award ceremony for distinguished representatives of the Georgian Diaspora based abroad. Diaspora Award 2021 was opened by the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani. The event was attended by representatives of the legislative and executive authorities of Georgia and other invited guests. The aim of Diaspora Award 2021 is to recognize the achievements of Georgian citizens living abroad, who have achieved professional success in the host countries and have also contributed to improving and building Georgia’s image, Georgian culture, sports and science. The winners were announced in several categories. The award for Outstanding Cultural Contribution went to Irakli Kavsadze, an American actor and film director, Lekso Toradze, a pianist and Omar Faruk Demirtashi, a representative of the Georgian Diaspora in Turkey. Gaston Buachidze, a scientist and translator working in France and Lia Chokoshvili, the head of Georgian language courses in Oxford, were awarded for their outstanding scientific contribution. The award for outstanding sport achievement to Giga Chikadze, a successful Georgian kickboxer and the award for contribution to public diplomacy to Mamuka Tsereteli, a Georgian businessman working in the United States, and to Nodar Giorgadze, a Georgian businessman and philanthropist working in Slovakia. Khatia Khabuliani, who helps the Rustavi Shelter Children and Elderly, was awarded for her outstanding charitable contribution. The award for the category of Foreign Friend of Georgia went to Enders Winbusch, a Georgian lobbyist in the United States since the 1990s, and to Laszlo Borghi, who founded the Department of Kartvelology at the University of Budapest. The event was organized in cooperation with the International Center for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) and the EU-funded project ENIGMMA (Enhancing Georgia’s Migration Management). Spanish and Slovenian music groups performed musical compositions at the award ceremony. Vocal Vircan, a Catalan-Georgian music group based in Spain was founded in 2019. The music group Kvali was formed in 2008 and is led by a Georgian diaspora representative - the winner of the grant project of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the promotion of Georgian music. Documents Similar News