10 September 2023 Today, under the aegis of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Conference of Honorary Consuls of Georgia was launched in Batumi. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Khatuna Totladze delivered a welcome speech, highlighting the importance of the honorary consul's role in promoting the country at the international level. "Honorary consuls play a leading role in raising awareness about Georgia. You represent the most important connecting link between Georgia and other countries of the world" - the Deputy Minister told the conference attended by honorary consuls from more than forty countries. According to Khatuna Totladze, through their active engagement with representatives of the local government, businessmen and other influential figures, honorary consuls make a significant contribution to the protection of Georgia's interests and the further development of trade, economic, investment, as well as tourist, cultural and scientific relations with the host states. Within the framework of the conference, thematic panels were held to highlight the economic and investment opportunities of Georgia, as well as its tourism potential. The participants of the conference were provided with information about the steps taken by the government to improve the investment environment, including by providing conditions favourable for starting and doing business in Georgia. Attention was focused on the process of integration of the Georgian economy into the global economy. The honorary consuls also got acquainted with the economic growth indicators in Georgia, the dynamics and trends of foreign trade. As part of the presentation of Georgia's tourism potential, it was emphasized that tourism is the main priority of Georgia's economic development and everything is being done to make Georgia a four-season tourist destination. Accordingly, work is actively being carried out throughout the country to develop infrastructure, which ensures the promotion of Georgia as a rapidly growing tourist destination, as well as the attraction of tourist flows to Georgia. Within the framework of the event, a separate panel was dedicated to Georgia's opportunities in the field of education and science. Special note was taken of the large-scale projects implemented in Georgia with the financing of the European Union and the USA, as well as the successful exchange and scholarship programs with various countries. Particular attention was paid to the Kutaisi International University, which is an international center of education, science and technology in the region, and therefore contributes to the economic growth and development of Georgia and the region as a whole. It should be noted that the first conference of honorary consuls was held in 2022. Currently, Georgia has 90 honorary consuls in 65 countries. This year, the network of honorary consuls of Georgia has expanded even more, in particular, honorary consuls have been appointed in Poland, USA and Croatia. The Honorary Consul Institute plays an important role in developing trade-economic, scientific-technical and cultural cooperation of Georgia with partner countries, as well as in attracting investments and encouraging tourism. Their involvement in promoting Georgia as a stable and attractive destination is also significant. Documents Similar News