20 January 2022 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia hosted the third round of consultations within the Georgian-German-French political triangle, on 20 January 2022.The Georgian-German-French triangle formed in 2018 is a regular format for discussing strategic issues between the foreign ministries of the three countries. This round takes on a particularly meaningful focus given the status of the German G7 and French EU presidency. During the trilateral consultations, the sides discussed and exchanged views on the situation in the region and security challenges, Russia's aggression against Georgia, the situation in the occupied territories, and the recent developments across the Ukrainian border. Talks also focused on Georgia's foreign policy priorities, such as EU integration and NATO membership, on which the positions of Germany and France and their unwavering support is of critical importance. It was stressed that Georgia continues to pursue the irreversible process of integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures. The sides positively assessed the Eastern Partnership summit of 15 December 2021, during which a new EaP agenda, including an ambitious economic and investment plan, was adopted. In this context, the Georgian side welcomed the strengthening of sectoral cooperation with the EU, identifying as a priority the development of Black Sea connectivity, which, in turn, is one of the flagship initiatives of the investment plan and will help maximize the benefits of deep and comprehensive free trade. Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova welcomed the initiative of the Association Trio as a step towards greater integration with the EU, while the participants stressed the need to maintain the unity of the Eastern Partnership, which remains an important, strategic regional dimension. The German and French sides were briefed on Georgia's progress in implementing the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area. It was highlighted that the Georgian population strongly supports EU membership, as confirmed by recent polls and surveys. In this context, the importance of the More for More principle and the need to develop new initiatives for EU integration was noted. Special note was taken of the importance of integration with the EU single market, as well as of sectoral integration as a next step. At the meeting, the sides discussed the functioning of the visa-free regime with the EU/Schengen area and reaffirmed their readiness to continue active cooperation in order to facilitate the maximum protection of visa-free travel requirements. The participants of the trilateral consultations spoke about the positive dynamics of NATO-Georgia cooperation and future prospects. They emphasized the unacceptability of provisions regarding Georgia’s and Ukraine’s Euro-Atlantic integration included in the Russia-presented Document on "Security Guarantees". The German and French representatives pledged that the decision of the Bucharest Summit will not be reconsidered and Georgia will become a member of NATO. At the same time, the Alliance firmly adheres to such a fundamental principle of international law as the right of countries to choose for their own which organization they want to join. The representatives of Germany and France made special mention of the contribution Georgia has made to Euro-Atlantic security. Emphasis was placed on the importance of cooperation on Black Sea security issues. The sides discussed the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia in terms of security and human rights. They expressed particular concern over the intensification of the de facto annexation process, as well as over the illegal borderization and other provocative actions by Russia, such as illegal detentions and kidnappings. The need to release Irakli Bebua, Mamuka Chkhikvadze and other illegal detainees was highlighted. Discussions focused on human rights violations and ethnic discrimination in the regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali. The sides stressed the need for Russia to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008 and for Russia's constructive involvement in the Geneva international negotiations. They referred to the decision of 21 January 2021 of the European Court of Human Rights, which legally confirms the occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation and imposes an obligation on Russia for human rights violations. The Georgian side focused on the implementation of Georgia's peace policy and thanked the German and French sides for their support for the peaceful settlement of the conflict. Representatives of the German and French Foreign Ministries, for their part, reiterated their unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. During the visit of the French delegation, a working meeting was also held with the heads of the European Department. The sides reviewed the agenda of bilateral cooperation, paying special attention to the importance of holding the "Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French Dialogue" in 2022. Documents Similar News