20 November 2017 20.11.2017, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 42nd round of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister, head of the Georgian delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, David Dondua led the meeting from the Georgian side. The sides discussed the main issues on the agenda of the next round. Special attention was paid to the Russian Federation’s steps towards annexation of Georgia’s occupied regions, in particular, the opening of the Russian customs service’s office in Sokhumi and the decision to put into operation the so-called customs checkpoint in Akhalgori from 1 January 2018. The sides discuused in detail the developments in Georgia’s occupied regions following the previous round of discussions. The sides, in particular, spoke about the installation of barbed wire fencesalong the occupation line, illegal detentions and kidnappings, the grave consequences resulting from and the closure of the so-called restrictions on free movement and right to property. Special accent was placed on the illegal activities of the occupation regime forcing Georgian residents of Gali to register as foreigners. The participants of the meeting also took note of the prohibition of native language education in Akhalgori schools, in addition to Gali schools. Special note was taken of mass destruction of houses of ethnic Georgian in the village of Eredvi as a deliberate attempt to wipe out the Georgian trace in the occupied Tskhinvali region. The sides emphasized that the grave human rights and humanitarian situation further destabilizes the situation. David Dondua called on the Co-Chairs to give due assessment to the developments mentioned above and to share no efforts to address the situation on the ground. The necessity of detaining alleged murderers of Giga Otkhozoria was also underlined during the meeting. The Deputy Foreign Minister emphasized the necessity for Russia to undertake the non-use of force pledge and the need to create international security mechanisms on the ground as essential prerequisites for the successful peace process. The necessity of achieving progress on the return of refugees and internally displaced persons was also highlighted. The 42nd round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 12 and 13 December 2017. Documents Similar News