17 January 2025 On 16 January 2025, Maka Botchorishvili, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, visited the Republic of Azerbaijan. During the visit, she held meetings with her Azerbaijani counterpart, Jeyhun Bayramov, both in bilateral and expanded formats. The two ministers highlighted the exceptional level of strategic partnership between Georgia and Azerbaijan, which, according to their assessment, has reached its height. Special attention was paid to international transit and energy projects involving both countries. As noted during the meeting, the successful cooperation between Georgia and Azerbaijan in this regard is of great importance for the development of the region. The significance of further developing railway and transport corridors involving Georgia and Azerbaijan was highlighted, as well as the active positioning of both countries' and the region's transit potential on the international stage. In this context, the importance of several key infrastructure projects was stressed, including the The Black Sea Submarine Cable, the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan Oil Pipeline, and the Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum Gas Pipeline Projects. The parties also expressed hope that the completion of the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars railway line reconstruction will soon lead to its full operation, facilitating a substantial increase in freight volumes. The parties once again reaffirmed their respect for each other’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Georgian Minister of Foreign Affairs provided her counterpart with an update on the situation in Georgia's occupied regions. In discussing ongoing regional developments, the necessity of peace and stability was emphasized. The Georgian side reiterated its commitment to contributing to the advancement of regional cooperation. The meeting also addressed various multilateral cooperation formats, with a particular focus on the trilateral Azerbaijan-Georgia-Turkey cooperation framework. The parties agreed to further promote and deepen trilateral cooperation. Emphasis was placed on active collaboration in the fields of culture and education. At the conclusion of the meeting, the parties expressed their readiness to contribute to further strengthening and elevating the strategic partnership between the two countries to even higher levels. As part of her visit to Azerbaijan, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, accompanied by members of the Cabinet of Ministers, also participated in the 10th session of the Intergovernmental Economic Commission of Azerbaijan and Georgia co-chaired by the Prime Ministers of both countries. The Georgian delegation also held a meeting with the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Together with the delegation members, the two prime ministers visited a plot of land in Baku, which has been transferred to the Georgian side, where the Georgian Embassy will be built. During the visit, the Georgian Foreign Minister paid tribute to the memory of Azerbaijan's national leader, Heydar Aliyev, and his wife, Zarifa Aliyeva, and laid a wreath at the Eternal Flame Memorial. Documents Similar News