12 August 2020 "12 years ago Russia's aggression against a sovereign state represented an attempt to forcefully change borders in Europe, which came as a big blow to the international system based on norms and rules." - stated the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, in his address made during the annual conference "Georgia and its Neighbourhood". According to his statement, Georgia has at this point been in the state of war for 12 years. Russia constantly violates the ceasefire agreement. Additionally Russia continues erecting a new type of the Berlin wall along the occupation line, discriminating against Georgian on ethnic basis, torturing, murdering and kidnapping Georgian citizens. There are cases of illegal arrests, let alone the actual occupation of Georgia's two regions by the Russian Federation, which is far from what one can, under any imaginable circumstance, define as ‘peace’. According to Zalkaliani, in spite of the destabilising actions taken by the Russian Federation, Georgia in unwavering on its path towards peaceful resolution of the conflict under inquiry, exerting utmost effort in order to put to maximal use the Geneva International Discussions framework. Nevertheless, there are no responsive steps taken by Russia, as Russia opts to remain an observer in terms of peacefully resolving the conflict. According to the statement of the Minister, in spite of numerous obstacles and hindrances, the Georgian Government actively continues the policy of engagement and reconciliation, aimed at restoring trust between the societies separated by the occupation line. A good manifestation of the fruits of the aforementioned policy is the initiative - "Step towards a better future" - which, along with strengthening people to people diplomacy/contacts, also aims to improve the socio-economic circumstances of the individuals residing in the occupied regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. According to the Minister, in order to provide a new impetus for the dead-ended peace-talks there has to be a united position focused on containment of Russia. This is important as never before. "We call on our partners to place this issue atop the list of the European Security agenda." - stated the Foreign Minister. The video-conference was organised by the Levan Mikeladze Fund and the Georgian-American Business Council and was attended by theDeputy Secretary of State Stephen Biegun. Documents Similar News