12 July 2017 On 12 July 2017, Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister David Dondua met with the representatives of diplomatic corps accredited in Tbilisi. The main topic of the meeting was the latest alarming developments in Georgia’s occupied regions. Deputy Foreign Minister informed foreign diplomats about the new form of discrimination towards ethnic Georgians residing in occupied Abkhazia region. This process is related to the decision of the occupation regime to issue for the Georgian population of Gali district the so-called residence permits, designed for foreigners or immigrants. According to David Dondua, declaration of indigenous Georgian population of Gali district as foreigners in their own houses and disregard of their fundamental rights are aimed at intensifying the russification process of entire Abkhazia region, which in its turn represents part of Russia’s annexation policy. Deputy Foreign Minister comprehensively discussed the latest intensified works by the Russian occupation forces, aimed at fortification of the occupation line. Foreign diplomats were given detailed information about the installation of razor and barbed wire fences, the so-called border signs and other artificial barriers, as well as levelling lands along the occupation lines in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions in the first half of 2017. David Dondua underlined that such kind of provocative actions by the Russian Federation serve to legitimize the ongoing occupation, blatantly violate the fundamental human rights and freedoms, and further destabilize already difficult situation on the ground. As the Deputy Foreign Minister stated, severe security and humanitarian situation in occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions provesthe necessity of creation of international security and human rights mechanisms on the ground. David Dondua also briefed the representatives of partner countries and international organizations about the efforts of the Georgian Government towards peaceful conflict resolution and expressed gratitude to them for firm support of international community in this process. At the end of the meeting, Deputy Foreign Minister stressed the need for proper response and effective measures from international society. He emphasized the importance of firm and consolidated efforts of international community in order to cease Russia’s provocative and aggressive actions towards occupied regions of Georgia. Documents Similar News