19 October 2018 The OSCE Permanent Council met on 18 October, 2018 to discuss the latest round of the Geneva International Discussions held on 9 and 10 October. According to the Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, the importance of ensuring the effective functioning of Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRMs), as well as the necessity of execution of justice with regard to the cases of murder of Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and David Basharuli were raised during the 45th round of the Geneva International Discussions. The Co-Chairs and participants assessed the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions 10 years since their establishment. In this context, the significant role of the Geneva format, as well as Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms was emphasized for preventing the escalation of the conflict. The representatives of the US, EU Monitoring Mission and Georgia pointed out that the Russian Federation blatantly violates the EU mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and called upon Moscow to fully implement its international obligations,inter aliato withdraw its occupying forces from the territory of Georgia. To this end, special emphasis was made on the necessity of affirmation of the non-use of force commitment and its implementation by Moscow, as well as on the creation of international security mechanisms in Georgia's occupied territories. Participants of the Permanent Council were updated on the fact that one of the main topics of the Discussions was the ethnic discrimination and prohibition of education in native language in Georgian schools of Gali and Akhalgori districts in the Gali district. It was underscored that by such kind of actions Moscow pursues the deliberate policy, aimed at russification of population residing in the occupied regions. According to the Georgian side, one of the core issues of the negotiations was the necessity of the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The Co-Chairs, Co-Moderators and participants from the US and Georgia focused on the need of substantial discussions and reaching progress on this important matter. They urged the Russian Federation and its occupation regimes to engage constructively in the negotiations. Delegations of the EU (including on behalf of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Albania, Iceland, Liechtenstein, San Marino, Ukraine and Moldova), the U.S., Switzerland and Ukraine made statements in support for Georgia. They speakers expressed their firm support for the Geneva International Discussions and the Incidence Prevention and Response Mechanism; participants of the meeting expressed their concern over the suspension of the IPRM Gali meetings and the cancellation of Ergneti meeting in September and called on all parties to renew regular meeting of the IPRM without any preconditions. The delegations highlighted the necessity for international organizations, including OSCE to gain access to Georgia’s occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The speakers reaffirmed their unequivocal support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within the and internationally recognized borders. According to the EU delegation, Russia continues to infringe on Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity by building up its military presence in Georgia’s occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The EU expressed its deep concern over restrictions on free movement in Georgia’s occupied regions, the so-called borderization process, illegal detentions, the closure of the so-called checkpoints along the occupation line, ban on Georgian language instruction in the Gali schools and the issuance of so-called “documents” in Abkhazia violating the rights of ethnic Georgians. Expressing its concern over the Russian Federation’s failure to comply with its commitments under the Ceasefire Agreement, the U.S. delegation once again stressed the need for the Russian troops to withdraw to the pre-2008 positions and the importance of creating international security arrangements on the ground. Documents Similar News