25 February 2019 25.02.2019, Geneva - The Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani spoke at the high-level segment of the 40th session of the UN Human Rights Council. The Minister highlighted the importance of this institution and its role in the protection of human rights especially against the background of raging conflicts and instability, inequality and discrimination, as well as other violations of human rights still continuing to be a fact of life, despite the concerted efforts of the international community. The Minister brought to the attention of the Council Georgia’s progress in terms of human rights protection and highlighted the role of civil society in this process.“Protection of human rights represents one of the top priorities of our national agenda. Reforms carried out in recent years have aimed at ensuring independence of the judiciary, strengthening institutional independence of the prosecution agencies and implementation of comprehensive legal and structural reforms in the penitentiary system” – Zalkaliani said. In this regard, the Minister highlighted the fundamental reforms in Georgia’s penitentiary system which made the country a role model to follow, within the initiative of “Good Human Rights Stories”. David Zalkaliani thanked the UN Human Rights Council for adoption of a number of important thematic and country specific resolutions, including the resolution on “Cooperation with Georgia” where the Council reiterates its serious concern over the human rights and humanitarian situation in Russian-occupied Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali regions and once again calls for an immediate access for the international and regional human rights mechanisms therein. According to the Foreign Minister “Alarmingly, the humanitarian and human rights situation on the ground is continuously deteriorating. Illegal detentions and kidnappings along the occupation line, intensified ethnically-targeted human rights violations, deprivation of the right to life, prohibition of education in native Georgian language, restriction of rights to freedom of movement, residence, and property, illegallyerected razor wires and other artificial obstacles along the occupation line continue to affect the everyday life of the local population. Even more alarming is that up to this moment perpetrators of murders ofArchil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and David Basharuli in occupied regions have not been brought to justice”. In this regard, according to Zalkaliani, the importance of member states’ support is particularly important as it can end impunity, prevent further human rights violations and aggravation of humanitarian conditions of conflict-affected population. In the words of the Minister, Georgia consistently pursues the path of confidence-building, reconciliation and engagement with the population in the occupied territories. “Georgia remains determined to ensure that benefits, enjoyed by the rest of our citizens, are also available for compatriots on the other side of the occupation line. In this spirit, the Government’s recent peace initiative -“A Step to a Better Future” - seeks to improve the humanitarian, social and economic conditions of the population in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions” – the Minister said. Speaking before the Human Rights Council, David Zalkaliani paid special attention to the challenges the present-day world is confronted with. He condemned 8 years of chaos in Syria claiming the lives of over 400 thousand people, severe hardship imposed by Maduro’s regime on the Venezuelan people, ad Russia’s military aggression against Ukraine and Georgia. He used the forum to call on Russia to withdraw from the occupied territories and to urge the HRC to take decisive actions. The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani paid a visit to Geneva on 25-26 February where he spoke at the high-level segment of the 40th session of the UN Human Rights Council. Documents Similar News