14 June 2021 The Ministry of Foreign Affairs welcomes the NATO Summit conducted in Brussels on June 14, which resulted in the adoption of important decisions both in the context of Georgia's NATO integration, as well as NATO adaptation to new challenges. It is important that the communiqué reiterates the 2008 Bucharest Summit decision that “Georgia will become a member of the Alliance” and that Georgia has all "practical tools to prepare for eventual membership." We welcome the unequivocal and direct reiteration by the Allies that they support Georgia’s sovereign right to choose its foreign policy priorities and no third party can interfere in this process. It is noteworthy that Allies positively assess the progress made by aspirant Georgia in the implementation of reforms in different areas and emphasize Georgia's ability to make a significant contribution to the common Euro-Atlantic security. It is of special importance for Georgia that the Allies give a proper assessment to Russia's destructive policy in the Black Sea region and express their readiness to further deepen cooperation with Georgia on Black Sea security. Georgia greatly appreciates the firm, consistent and effective support of the Allies to the country’s sovereignty, territorial integrity and non-recognition policy. Allies adequately assessed Russian Federation’s attempts to “forcibly separate” the two occupied regions from the rest of Georgia. Allies especially underlined the frequent cases of “borderization”, arbitrary detentions and harassment of Georgian citizens. We welcome the Alliance’s call on the Russian Federation to comply with the August 12, 2008 ceasefire agreement. Georgia also welcomes Allies' support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. For Georgia, as a future member of the Alliance, the Summit decisions aimed at strengthening NATO and at addressing modern security challenges, are of special importance. Georgia welcomes the Alliance's decision to update NATO strategic concept, which will be adopted at the NATO’s 2022 Summit. The new concept will be better suited for modern security challenges. It will reaffirm the Alliance's commitment to its core values and set out future directions of NATO's development. Georgia hopes that the issues related to Open Door policy will be adequately reflected in NATO’s new strategic concept and that the concept will take on board the recommendations related to the enlargement policy and Bucharest Summit decision contained in the document "NATO 2030-United for a New Era". Georgia hopes that a clear and concrete strategy of the Alliance on the Black Sea region will be a part of the new strategic concept of NATO. The Allies paid particular attention to the issue of support towards the rule-based international order. It was underlined that Russia, through its illegal actions, constitutes a threat to such an order through undermining the security, stability and democratic values ​​of Allied and partner nations. Importantly the issue of Georgia was discussed under this agenda item as well. We welcome the Alliance's decisions to strengthen its deterrence and defense policy. Since 2014, NATO began to reinforce its south-eastern flank by increasing the readiness of the armed forces and deploying new battlegroups on its territory. It is in this context that NATO has been boosting its presence in the Black Sea region. It is noteworthy that at the Summit, the Allies agreed to improve NATO’s readiness, response and defense. The Georgian side welcomes this decision and hopes that NATO's engagement in the Black Sea region will further increase, which will be a significant deterrent factor and further strengthen security in the Euro-Atlantic area. Member States paid particular attention to strengthening resilience, which is crucial to the Alliance's three core objectives - collective defense, crisis management and cooperative security. Taking into consideration that destructive actors often use conventional and hybrid warfare methods to destabilize Allied and partner nations, Georgia welcomes the strengthening of the Alliance's capabilities in this area and deepening of cooperation with non-member countries in this regard. As an aspirant country Georgia especially values the transatlantic unity principle and the steps taken to strengthen this unity, which constituted one of the main objectives of the NATO 2021 Summit. Documents Similar News