3 September 2020 On September 3, 2020, in New York, the UN General Assembly, in its 74th session, adopted a resolution initiated by Georgia and 54 countries on the Status of Internally Displaced Persons and Refugees from Abkhazia, Georgia and the Tskhinvali Region / South Ossetia, Georgia. It is noteworthy that this year, along with the co-sponsors, the number of countries supporting the resolution has increased to 84 states. Like last year, UN member states were given the opportunity this year to co-sponsor the resolution and thus become even more actively involved in international efforts to address the dire humanitarian situation created by Russian aggression and occupation. As a result, 54 countries from different regions of the world joined the ranks of co-authors of the resolution, which is an increase compared to last year. This fact shows that the mentioned resolution is already a global initiative. It should be noted that this year, due to the restrictions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic worldwide, the Georgian diplomatic service had to launch a campaign in support of the resolution in conditions of unprecedented difficulties. Despite the forced changes caused by the pandemic, which suspended voting at the UN General Assembly for several months, Georgia's resolution was one of the first to be adopted by the General Assembly as soon as it resumed its work. Despite strict regulations and restrictions in various UN bodies, Georgia has been able to maintain the annual dynamics, which includes the adoption of the UN General Assembly resolution on refugees, as well as the adoption of a UN Human Rights Council resolution on situation in the occupied territories of Georgia. This should be considered a great success of Georgian diplomacy. Georgia has been submitting this resolution to the UN General Assembly since 2008. The resolution condemns the forcible demographic changes in the occupied regions of Georgia, affirms the right of IDPs to return to their homes in a dignified and safe manner, regardless of ethnicity, and emphasizes the need to respect and protect their property rights. In addition to the humanitarian context, the resolution has practical implications, as it instructs the UN Secretary-General to prepare an annual report on the situation of the IDPs living in Georgia and on the implementation of the resolution. This is particularly important in light of the dire human rights situation in the occupied territories of Georgia and the lack of international monitoring mechanisms, which is another obstacle to the safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees. The resolution also calls on the participants in the Geneva talks to step up efforts to improve the security and human rights situation in the occupied regions of Georgia, which in turn will facilitate the return of internally displaced persons and refugees to their homes. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia thanks all the countries who supported the resolution and became a co-author of the initiative. With this decision, each country reaffirmed its support for the right of return of internally displaced persons and refugees and expressed its support for each IDP. Documents Similar News