19 June 2017 19.06.2017, Luxembourg - The eighth Eastern Partnership Foreign Ministerial Meeting was held in Luxembourg, on 19 June 2017, chaired by High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini. The Ministerial Meeting was attended by Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Johannes Hahn, foreign ministers of the EU Member States and other high-ranking officials. Representatives of the European Investment Bank and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development were also present. Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze led the Georgian delegation at the meeting. High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini and Commissioner for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Johannes Hahn delivered opening remarks at the meeting. Discussions focused on the expectations regarding the Eastern Partnership Summit due to take place in Brussels, on 24 November. The Foreign Ministers spoke about the possibilities of strengthening co-operation within the framework of Eastern Partnership, which will be oriented towards bringing concrete results to the population. Special note in this context was taken of a working document, jointly prepared by the EEAS and the European Commission:"Eastern Partnership - Focusing on key priorities and deliverables".The document identifies deliverables both for 2017 and 2020. In his speech Georgian Foreign Minister spoke about the role of Georgia’s European integration in the democratic development of the country. The Minister reaffirmed the Georgian Government’s commitment to make full use of ambitious co-operation with the EU. He also singled out the Government’s 6 priorities envisaging legal and institutional rapprochement, strengthening of co-operation with the specialized agencies of the EU, improvement of infrastructure connecting with the EU countries and sectoral co-operation, cooperation in the fight against common threats. Documents Similar News