25 January 2018 25.01.2018 -We are concerned over the assessments made by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, where he once again highlights Russia’s policy disregarding Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and neglecting the implementation of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. In this way, the Russian Federation continues the military occupation of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions of Georgia and illegal military build-up therein, destabilizing the situation in entire region, and blatantly violates the fundamental rights of the local population. With the aim of peaceful conflict resolution, the Government of Georgia takes constructive steps in the Geneva International Discussions, as well as within the framework of the informal bilateral dialogue. The normalization of Georgia-Russia relations can beachievedthrough Russia’s reciprocal constructive policy and respect for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. We call upon the Russian Federation to abide by the international commitments under the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and de-occupy the sovereign territory of Georgia. Also, it is totally unacceptable to politicize, misinterpret and hamper the implementation of the 2011 Georgia-Russia Agreement on the Basic Principles for a Mechanism of Customs Administration and Monitoring of Trade in Goods. Withthe accession to the World Trade Organization, the Russian Federation undertook the obligation to ensure the transparency of trade data, according to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. In 2011, the Government of Georgia and the Government of the Russian Federation agreed to establish the monitoring mechanism of the international trade in the corridors defined beforehand. According to the Agreement, themonitoringand administration of this trade mustbe conductedin the terminals that are located at the exit and entry of the trade corridors. As for the customs territory of Georgia, itcomprisesthe whole territory of the country within its internationally recognized borders. At the same time, the customs territory of the countrycannot be defined by the location of the above mentioned terminals. Georgia has many times expressed its readiness to start the implementation of the Agreement that was once again vividly demonstrated by signing the relevant Contract with the Swiss company -Societe Generale de Surveillance, on 19 December 2017. However, up to now, it has not been possible to the start the implementation of international obligations considered by the 2011 Agreement, as Russia hinders signature of the relevant Contract with the Swiss company, vividly politicizes the issue and impedes the starting of the implementation process through deliberate misinterpretation of provisions of the Agreement. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia calls upon the Russian side to cease the politicization of the issue and start the unconditional implementation of its international obligations, in full respect for the international Agreement and WTO’s principles, norms andgoals. Documents Similar News