19 June 2023 On 19 June 2023, within the framework of his first official visit to the Swiss Confederation, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili met with his Swiss counterpart, Ignazio Cassis. The sides discussed the fruitful cooperation between the two countries in various fields and future plans in this regard. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked Ignazio Cassis for Switzerland's strong support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Georgia, as well as Switzerland's contribution to reconciliation and confidence-building projects involving citizens divided by the occupation line. It was noted that the Swiss aid is becoming increasingly more important in today's challenging environment. The sides emphasized the positive dynamics of high-level visits and meetings between Georgia and the Swiss Confederation in recent years. In this context, special note was taken of the meeting of the Prime Minister of Georgia and the President of Switzerland in January 2023, in Davos. The Ministers discussed the difficult security situation created in the region as a result of Russia's aggression in Ukraine. The importance of the Black Sea region for the European continent and the need to involve international partners in the region were also emphasized. Discussions focused on cooperation between Georgia and Switzerland in various fields, including economy, tourism and trade. Swiss companies are successfully operating in Georgia, and the dynamics of trade and the number of visitors from Switzerland to Georgia keep increasing. The sides evaluated positively In June 2023, the visit of Swiss State Secretary for Economic Affairs Helene Budliger Artieda and her business delegation to Georgia. Special accent was put on the long-term activities of The Swiss Agency for Cooperation and Development (SDC) in Georgia, which made a great contribution to the socio-economic development of the country. Talking points also included cooperation between the two countries within the framework of international organizations. Documents Similar News