6 July 2018 06.07.2018, Tbilisi – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani held a meeting with Didier Reynders, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Affairs of the Kingdom of Belgium. This visit is aimed to give a fresh impetus to the bilateral, as well as multilateral relations and provides yet another proof of Belgium’s support for the European and Euro-Atlantic integration course of Georgia. The sides discussed a broad spectrum of bilateral relations between Georgia and Belgium highlighting the importance of using to the maximum the potential of trade-economic co-operation and of promoting ties between the business communities of the two countries. It was emphasized in this light that Georgia has established its reputation as an attractive destination of investments and a regional hub for the implementation of large-scale economic (transport and energy) projects. The sides took special note of the launch of Tbilisi-Brussels flights from April 2018 that will contribute to the development of tourism and people-to-people contacts. The foreign Ministers discussed key issues relating to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Didier Reynders highly appraised the progress Georgia has made in carrying out reforms on the EU integration path. Discussions focused on the preparations for the NATO Summit in Brussels. It was emphasized that the progress achieved by Georgia in terms of democratic development and Euro-Atlantic integration must be duly reflected in the Brussels Summit decisions. The Georgian and Belgian sides spoke about the grave situation in Georgia’s Abkhaiza and Tskhinvali regions, ethnic discrimination against Georgian population, banning of the native the installation of barbed wire fences, restrictions on free movement, and other flagrant violations of human rights. The sides reaffirmed the need to create international security arrangements on the ground and to provide human rights monitors with access to the occupied territories. Special attention was paid to the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli. In the context of the widespread practice of impunity in the occupied territories, discussionsfoucsed on the approval of the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili list developed by the Government of Georgia. David Zalkaliani brought to the attention of his Belgian counterpart the initiative: “A step toward a better future” makes it clear that Georgia remains committed to the peaceful policy. This initiative is aimed at strengthening stability and ensuring that Georgia’s occupied regions widely engage in and benefit from Georgia’s integration with the EU Didier Reynders, for his part, condened human rights violations in the occupied territories and reaffirmed Belgium’s unwavering support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. Documents Similar News