30 December 2020 The Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Turkey, Italy, Slovakia, Sweden, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Moldova and Armenia congratulated David Zalkaliani upon his re-appointment to the position of the Foreign Minister of Georgia sending appropriate letters. “You are about to restart your work in this critical moment, within the framework of which there exists a possibility of establishing a lasting peace and stability in our region. I am deeply convinced that your valuable input will further develop the already existing relations between our two peoples in terms of our strategic partnership across a plethora of dimensions as well as the outstanding relations between Georgia and Turkey,” – stated Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu in his address. “I am delighted to be able to continue working with you to further strengthen the existing exemplary relations between our two states both in terms of bilateral as well as multilateral frameworks regarding numerous issues on the international agenda, towards which Italy and Georgia share a common approach,” – noted the head of the Italian diplomatic service, Luigi Di Maio in his letter. “I believe that the positive dynamism of the existing friendly relations between our two countries will only continue to grow and deepen in all dimensions. Therefore, I expect the cooperation between our two ministries to strengthen. Additionally, I would like to, once again, state, that Slovakia will continue to support Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations, sovereignty and territorial integrity,” – wrote the Slovak Foreign Minister in his letter. The Armenian Foreign Minister, Ara Ayvazyan made an in-person telephone call to congratulate David Zalkaliani. “Towards the end of 2020 I would wholeheartedly like to congratulate you and the Georgian people and wish you a joyous and successful 2021. I am convinced that the existing worm relations between our two countries will only continue to strengthen in the coming years,” – stated the Azerbaijani Foreign Minister in his congratulatory address. Documents Similar News