30 April 2018 27.04.2018 , Tbilisi – The NATO-Georgia public diplomacy forum was today opened by Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. Mikheil Janelidze welcomed the fact that the NATO-Georgia public diplomacy forum being already part of the tradition is hosted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2018. He thanked the NATO Liaison Office, the Embassy of Bulgaria to Georgia and the Information Centre on NATO and EU for organizing and supporting the forum, which marks the end of the NATO Days. “Full membership of NATO and the EU is the well-informed choice of Georgian citizens – the choice that has already been enshrined in the constitution and that is sure to bring about democratic development, security and welfare, to which attests the concrete benefits which the population of Georgia has already derived from European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. Today Georgia is the recognized leader in terms of democratic and economic transformation” – Janelidze said. According to the Vice Prime Minister, Georgia is closer to NATO than ever before and this progress has been achieved through the effective use of NATO’s political and practical support mechanisms. “Over the past few years, Georgia has repeatedly identified itself as a valuable and reliable partner of the Alliance on its NATO integration path. The progress Georgia has achieved is duly recognized by the Alliance. The Alliance views Georgia as an exemplary country sharing the same democratic values as NATO” – the Minister said. According to Mikheil Janelidze, continuing to contribute to NATO- and EU-led international peacekeeping missions, Georgia improves the level of its compatibility with NATO. “We expect that the progress Georgia has made in terms of its integration with the Alliance will be duly assessed at the NATO Summit in Brussels and reflected in NATO’s Open Door Policy” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The Minister also spoke about anti-western propaganda, which has become a main challenge facing not only Georgia but also NATO and EU members and partners. President of Georgia Giorgi Margvelashvili, Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Parliamentary Speaker Irakli Kobakhidze, as well as the Assistant Secretary at the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Aaron Wess Mitchell and NATO’s Assistant Secretary General for Public Diplomacy Tacan Ildem.also provided a keynote address at the forum. Documents Similar News