2 December 2019 According to the statement of the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, one of the main topics of discussion with his French counterpart concerned the challenges that Georgia faces in terms of the situation on the ground in the occupied territories. According to the Minister, his French colleague assured him that Georgia was discussed within the framework of bilateral relations of the French President and his Russian counterpart, noting that this form of communication will continue in the future. “I have received important information from the French Foreign Minister, that Georgia was discussed within the framework of bilateral relations of the French President and his Russian counterpart, noting that this form of communication will continue in the future. This will help to consolidate the international community and keep the Georgian issue in the avant-garde of international affairs. We have also deliberated about the Geneva Format. As you are very well aware, France initiated the ceasefire agreement in 2008. Unfortunately, however, Russia refuses to fulfil its obligations to this day.” – Stated the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, after his meeting with his French counterpart, Jean-Yves Le Drian. According to the Minister, he provided his French colleague with comprehensive information regarding the situation on the ground in the occupied territories of Georgia, especially in terms of the dire humanitarian conditions, as well as the illicit arrest and detention of the Georgian doctor, Vazha Gaprindashvili. “We had an all-encompassing discussion regarding the unacceptable humanitarian situation. Naturally, we also discussed the illicit captivity of Vazha Gaprindashvili, as well as the necessary steps that would allow Georgia to attain the support of the international community.” – stated the Minister. According to the statement of the Minister, it is of paramount importance to be in constant communication with the French colleagues, providing them with relevant information regarding the situation on the ground in the occupied territories of Georgia, because, as noted by David Zalkaliani: “The influence that France enjoys on the international arena is of pivotal importance, especially in terms of the context of Franco-Russian relations”. According to the statement of the Georgian Foreign Minister, France is a staunch supporter of Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, which was, once again, confirmed during the bilateral meeting he held with his French counterpart. Furthermore, the Minister notes, that the discussion also touched upon the issue of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as the increase of economic activity on behalf of France within the framework of bilateral relations. Documents Similar News