23 May 2018 22.05.2018, New York - The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze participated in the Second Annual U.S.-Georgia Strategic Partnership Conference, held to celebrate the 100 years since the establishment of the First Democratic Republic of Georgia. The Conference was held at the United States Institute of Peace and was opened by the Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili and the President of the United States Institute of Peace, Nancy Lindborg. The Georgian Foreign Minister delivered his keynote address at the panel: Geopolitics and Security: U.S.-Georgia Strategic Alliance in Making. In his address the Minister spoke about the centennial of Georgia’s independence and the establishment of the First Republic in 1918 which was then one of the first democratic republics in Europe. He highlighted the United States efforts to assist Georgia’s democratic development since declaration of independence. The Minister also focused on Georgia geopolitical importance and the essential role it plays in the development of transit and energy routes between Europe and Asia, as well as in strengthening the Euro-Atlantic security. In this context he pointed out that Georgia is not only “consumer of security, but a provider of security,” and added that the country is actively contributing to international operations, including the Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan. Mikheil Janelidze also spoke about Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration process and the importance of the U.S. support in this process. According to him the US leadership in that process is key and crucial. “We were very much encouraged by the statements just few days ago by secretary Pompeo, as well as the statements by vice president, when he was in Georgia. Georgia will become a member of NATO, we are having all practical instruments, which are actually moving us towards membership. We have more instruments than any other country being a candidate country for NATO membership and we believe that we are well prepared to make next steps on our membership path and we are sure that when we are confident, that Georgia will be a clear added value for Euro-Atlantic security and once we are members we will bring more benefits to the interest of Euro-Atlantic community” – the minister said. Accoridng to Mikheil Janelidze, certain regimes try to discredit the Euro-Atlantic space and challenge its security that calls for joint efforts for ensuring peace within the Euro-Atlanticcommunity. “I think in this period especially moving forward with the integration process of Georgia in Euro-atlantic institutions is critical, Georgia is at the frontlines and we should not let the powers interested in actually removing Georgia from this family do it and it’s time to make new steps in bilateral as well as in multilateral settings” – he added. The Vice Prime Minister also expressed the hope that the progress achieved by Georgia on the path of Euro-Atlantic integration will be reflected in the decisions taken during the Brussels Summit of NATO. The Minister paid special attention to the challenges Georgia is facing due to the occupation of its territories by the Russian Federation and highlighted the firm support of the United States in this regard reflected in supporting political statement, congress resolutions and the direct involvement of the US administration in the peace process. Accoridng to Mikheil Janelidze, peaceful restoration of Georgia’s territorial integrity is atop the list of the Georgian government’s priorities. Documents Similar News