23 October 2017 23.10.2017, London – “I never tire of saying As Prime Minister Teresa May never tires of saying that we may be leaving the EU but we are not leaving Europe and we regard the Euro-Atlantic vocation of Georgia as being one of the key ambitions of our foreign policy” - Boris Johnson, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs said during his meeting with The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. Meeting with the Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze in London today, Johnson said "we are here to deepen and intensify the friendship between Georgia and UK” in a number of directions. He said defense and security of Georgia as well as trade cooperation are of huge importance "for us and our continent”. “I’m delighted to see that in the last years we've seen a 25 percent increase in the sale of Georgian wine to the United Kingdom and 25 percent increase of British tourists to Georgia through direct flights and obviously that’s an exchange we need to intensify”, Johnson said “And I’m looking myself very much to coming to Georgia at the earliest possible opportunity”, he added welcoming Minister Janelidze to London. “We are proud to stand together for the safety and security and development of the Euro-Atlantic community. We are developing not only our bilateral cooperation but our partnership in multilateral formats. We look forward to establishing a strong legal framework after Brexit including developing free trade and trade-economic cooperation. We are really very grateful for UK’s strong and unwavering support to our territorial integrity and sovereignty and to the Georgian Government’s peaceful approaches to peaceful resolution of the conflicts. We look forward to our deepened and strengthened partnership and co-operation and I will be honoured and pleased to welcome you to Georgia very soon” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Meeting between the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Boris Johnson and the Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister, Mikheil Janelidze was held on 23 October 2017, on the sidelines of the fourth plenary session of the Georgia-UK Wardrop Strategic Dialogue in London. Documents Similar News