26 January 2026 Georgia’s National Report on the human rights situation in the country for the period 2021-2025 will be reviewed on 26 January 2026 in Geneva, within the framework of the fourth cycle of the United Nations Universal Periodic Review (UPR). A governmental delegation of Georgia, headed by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Khatuna Totladze, will participate in the Review. The delegation comprises representatives of government agencies as well as of the Parliament of Georgia, the Central Election Commission of Georgia, the Prosecutor’s Office of Georgia, the High Council of Justice of Georgia and the system of common courts of Georgia. Georgia’s National Report was prepared under the coordination of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, with the participation of all relevant state agencies, and involved representatives of the executive, legislative and judicial branches of government. The report is accompanied by information on the implementation of the recommendations supported by Georgia in 2021 within the framework of the previous UPR cycle. Notably, during the third cycle, Georgia supported 257 out of 285 recommendations. The report was submitted by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to the Office of the Public Defender of Georgia for the purpose of obtaining its proposals and observations. Furthermore, pursuant to the amendments introduced in 2016 to the Rules of Procedure of the Parliament of Georgia, the report was also considered by the Parliament of Georgia following its submission by the Government. Following the consideration of the report, Georgia is required, within the established timeframes, to present its position on which recommendations it will accept and undertake to implement over the subsequent five-year period. It is noteworthy that the Universal Periodic Review, established by the United Nations Human Rights Council, is a unique mechanism of the Council under which the human rights situation in each UN Member State is reviewed every four to five years. Documents Similar News