24 November 2022 On 23 November 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, participated in the 8th Annual Tallinn Conferenceon theEastern Partnership “EU Enlargementand theEastern Partnership:Europe's New Geopolitical Reality”. Speaking at the opening session of the conference, the deputy minister particularly noted the importance of the EU’s new approaches and new visions, taking into account the new geopolitical challenges facing the region. Janjalia spoke about the irreversibility of Georgia's accession to the European Union. According to him, the recognition of Georgia’s European perspective took relations with the European Union to a completely new stage and opened up new opportunities for the country. The Deputy Minister briefly reviewed the progress in the implementation of the Association Agreement and emphasized the importance of economic and sectoral integration in the European Union, which will bring tangible benefits to the country's population and practically prepare the country for EU membership. Janjalia noted that "Eastern Partnership" plays a positive role in promoting political association and economic integration of partner countries with the European Union, in accordance with their individual interests and readiness. At the same time, he emphasized the need to adapt the initiative to the new realities. According to Teimuraz Janjalia, the initiative should be more flexible, focused on specific results and based on a differentiated approach. In this context, he paid particular attention to the role of the economic and investment plan of the Eastern Partnership, which offers partner countries significant opportunities for economic development. He spoke about the economic and political importance of the implementation of flagship projects developed for Georgia. The deputy minister particularly highlighted the priority of connectivity with the European Union, energy security, and transport and digital infrastructure. In this context, emphasis was placed on the importance of fully exploiting the potential of the Black Sea. Documents Similar News