30 May 2023 From 19 to 26 May 2023, the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, as part of a regional tour, was on a working visit to several Latin American and Caribbean countries. The delegation included Giorgi Dolidze, the director of the Department of Americas of the Ministry, and Shalva Tsiskarashvili, the director of the international organizations. At the beginning of the regional tour, on 19 May, the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia visited the Republic of Suriname. Within the framework of this visit, the third round of bilateral political consultations was held between the foreign ministries of the two countries, at the level of department directors. Suriname's representation was headed by the Deputy Director of Bilateral Relations of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Business and International Cooperation, Sachi Soekhoe. It should be noted that the round of political consultations was opened by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Suriname, Miriam McIntosh. On 22 May, the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia arrived in the United States of Mexico, where the fourth round of bilateral political consultations of the foreign ministries of the two countries was held at the level of department directors. The Mexican delegation at the consultations was led by Director General of Policy Planning and G20, Acting Director General for Europe Jennifer Feller. After the consultations, an audience was held with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mexico, Carmen Moreno Toscano. Georgia's extraordinary and plenipotentiary ambassador to the United States of Mexico, Zaza Gabunia, also participated in the meetings from the Georgian side. On 24 May, the Georgian delegation visited the Dominican Republic. Within the framework of the visit, the first round of political consultations was held between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Dominican Republic, at the level of department directors. From the Dominican side, the consultations were led by Sachenka Encarnacion, the director of the Department of Relations with Europe of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. At the end of the regional tour, on 26 May, the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs paid a visit to the Republic of Panama, where bilateral consultations of foreign ministries were held at the level of department directors. At the meeting, the Panamanian side was led by Jorge Corrales, Acting General Director of Foreign Policy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It should be noted that the Georgian delegation also had the opportunity to meet the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Panama, Zhanaina Tevani Mencomos, and the Deputy Minister, Il del Carmen Oteros. At the meetings held in the above-mentioned countries of Latin America and the Caribbean, the sides reviewed bilateral and multilateral cooperation issues and future prospects. The importance of periodically holding political consultations between foreign ministries and their role in activating cooperation in various fields was emphasized. Documents Similar News