22 October 2025 “Georgia is not only a crossroads linking East and West, but also a space where cultures, economies, and ideas converge. This represents an immense opportunity for our country,” stated the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili, during a panel discussion held within the framework of the Tbilisi Silk Road Forum. According to the Minister, in light of the ongoing global transformations and the realignment of international trade routes, Georgia is ready to assume a key role in the development of the Middle Corridor- its readiness being driven by a number of factors. As Maka Botchorishvili highlighted, among these factors is the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA) agreement between Georgia and the European Union, which enables businesses to operate freely. She also underscored that Georgia has concluded free trade agreements not only with its neighboring countries but also with major global partners such as China, the European Union, and the United Arab Emirates, thereby granting Georgia access to a substantial share of the global consumer market. According to Maka Botchorishvili, Georgia continues to actively deepen its relations both with neighboring states and with the countries of Central Asia, with the goal of fully leveraging its geostrategic location and becoming a strong and stable trade and transit hub in the region. She noted that “more than a decade of strategic cooperation with Azerbaijan has created opportunities for the implementation of major infrastructure and transport projects, enhancing the overall efficiency of the Middle Corridor.” In her remarks, the Minister of Foreign Affairs placed special emphasis on Georgia’s leading positions in international rankings. She underlined that Georgia’s success in these rankings reflects the country’s progress and further strengthens the confidence of its international partners, while also having a positive impact on the business environment. “Georgia is a small, yet significant country — not only for Europe and Asia, but for the entire world. Our attractive open economy, low levels of corruption, stable budget, and investment-friendly environment together create unique opportunities,” Maka Botchorishvili emphasized. Documents Similar News