27 May 2020 For years Russia has been systematically violating and politicizing the Treaty on Open Skies. From 2010 to date, Russia continues vain attempts to use this Treaty as a kind of instrument to legitimize the illegal recognition of Georgia’s occupied territories. Already in 2010 the Russian Federation politicized the issue on implementation of the Treaty on Open Skies. In particular, Russia banned observation flights within a 10-kilometer zone off the occupied regions, claiming that these so-called countries are not parties to the Treaty, and therefore, are subject to a different regime as established by the Treaty. The aim of such action was to legitimize the recognition of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The Russian Foreign Ministry’s statement yesterday on allowing observation flights within the aforesaid 10-kilometer zone is no novelty. Russia voiced similar position 2 years ago (statement at a meeting of the OST consultative commission, and the Russian Foreign Ministry’s explanatory statement of 24 April) demonstrating once again that Russia is not going to alter its political objectives. Based on the articles of the Treaty relating to non-state parties (Article VI, section II, the 2nd and 7th paragraphs) and referring to consultations with the interested parties (the so-called independent countries of Abkhazia and South Ossetia), Russia declared openly that the legitimization of illegal recognition of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions still remains on its political agenda. For two years Georgia continued consultations with its partners to dissuade Russia from its politicized stance and convince it into fully complying with the Treaty. After two years of consultations to no avail, Georgia suspended implementing OST terms with regards to Russia in 2012. Georgia does not admit Russia’s observation flights over its territory and does not itself operate observation flights over the Russian territory either. For over these years, Georgia has been consistent in its policy. The decision of 2012 remains in force. The Russian Foreign Ministry’s calls to other countries to comply with the provisions of the Treaty on Open Skies without politicization is nothing but a cynical comment as Russia itself uses this technical agreement for its own political aims. Making such statements, Russia tries to shift the blame to other countries, in order to cover up its own violation of the Treaty. Unlike Russia, Georgia approaches with full responsibility to the implementation of its international obligations and strictly adheres to the norms and principles of international law. Documents Similar News