24 June 2021 “It is the first time that we come to Brussels together as the Associated Trio. This visit is yet another indicator that Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova embark jointly on the path of European integration” – the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani said following his meeting with Josep Borrell, High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. According to Zalkaliani: “the goal of the Associated Trio is to deepen European integration, to strengthen the Eastern Partnership and to support the implementation of the Association Agreements, which have become blueprints for our democratic reforms, as well as reforms aimed at the thorough legal and regulatory convergence of our countries with the European norms, standards and practices”. In the words of the Foreign Minister, besides the common goal of European integration, the three countries share a number of challenges, the solution of which would be hardly possible without the engagement of international partners. “Russia’s attempted annexation and illegal occupation of the territories of Georgia, Ukraine and the unresolved conflict in the Transnistrian region of Moldova have posed serious threat to European security” said the Minister. He thanked the High Representative for EU’s engagement and political role in the peaceful settlement of the conflicts and emphasized that the peaceful settlement of the Russia-Georgia conflict should be kept very high on the political agenda of the EU. In this context, the Minister highlighted the wounding and illegal detention of Georgian citizen Zaza Gakheladze, which is a vivid demonstration of how the Russian occupation regimes disregard even humanitarian issues trying to use them for political purposes. “I hope that our European partners will continue supporting sovereignty, democratic development and European integration of our countries. From our side, we are united to advance in all these directions together for the benefit of peace, stability and prosperity in Europe” – said the Foreign Minister. David Zalkaliani, Vice Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia is in Brussels within the scope of a working visit of the Foreign Ministers of the Associated Trio - Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. Within the visit, Vice Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia David Zalkaliani held a meeting with Josep Borrell, High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Vice-President of the European Commission. Documents Similar News