9 September 2021 Political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Latvia were held in Riga, the capital of Latvia, on 8 September 2021. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia led the Georgian delegation, whereas the Latvian delegation was chaired by the Secretary of State, Andris Pels. The agenda of the political consultations included a wide range of issues related to bilateral and multilateral relations, as well as regional and global security issues. The meeting focused on Georgia’s progress on the path to European integration and, in this regard, the importance of Latvia's support, as well as the need to share Latvia's experience. Ways to bring Georgia closer to the EU, prospects for Georgia to submit an application for full EU membership in 2024, and the future plans relating to the "Associated Trio". The sides also discussed the Eastern Partnership and its future. Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the Latvian side on Georgia's expectations regarding the Eastern Partnership summit scheduled for December. The Latvian side was briefed on the situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, the ongoing Geneva International Discussions and the Georgian government's peace policy. Special accent was put on gross human rights violations in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation, and on the current humanitarian situation. The sides also underlined the importance of maintaining the Russian-Georgian conflict high on the international agenda. While on the theme of current developments in the South Caucasus region, the sides focused on Georgia’s role in these processes. Georgia's active involvement in the evacuation of troops and civilians from Afghanistan was also assessed positively. The sides also exchanged views over the current political processes in Georgia and cooperation in the fight against the pandemic. The Georgian side thanked Latvia for its decision to transfer 83,070 doses of Pfizer Biontec vaccine to Georgia in the near future. During the consultations, the Latvian delegation reaffirmed its strong support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News