17 December 2018 17.12.2018 - Bipartisan Georgia Support Act was unanimously approved by the House of Representatives, which is a clear proof of the readiness to bring the relations between Georgia and the U.S. to a qualitatively higher level. The Act supports Georgia’s sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders; The Act calls for imposing sanctions on Russian actors for the commission of serious human rights abuses in the occupied Georgian territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia; pays special attention to security and defence co-operation between Georgia and the U.S. and requires the Secretary of State to develop a five-year strategy of co-operation with Georgia. The Act calls on the Trade Representative to make progress toward negotiations with the Government of Georgia to enter a bilateral free trade agreement with Georgia. The document condemns ongoing detentions, kidnappings, and other human rights violations committed in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Regions forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation, including the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, and Davit Basharuli. The Act makes reference to the Georgian Parliament’s bipartisan resolution on the gross violation of human rights in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and on the Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili List; The document supports peaceful conflict resolution in Georgia, and supporting the establishment of international security mechanisms in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region and the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees. The document authorizes sanctions against those responsible for or complicit in human rights violationsin the Georgian Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region. According to the document, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and at least once every 180 days thereafter for a period not to exceed two years, the President, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall transmit to Congress a detailed report with respect to persons that have been determined to have engaged in activities described above. The Resolution also supports Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic and European integration and calls for aiding Georgia in defense against Russia’s cyber-enabled warfare by increasing U.S. cybersecurity cooperation with Georgia. The bi-partisan Georgia Support Act was introduced by Co-Chairmen of the Georgia Caucus Congressmen Ted Poe (R-Texas) and Gerald Connolly (D-Virginia) on 26 June 2018. Documents Similar News