31 July 2021 The grant competitions announced under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia’s programs - “Be Your Country’s Young Ambassador,” “Support for Diaspora Initiatives,” and “Support for Georgian Dance and Song Ensembles Abroad” - have concluded. To determine the winners, a session of the competition commission was held at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The commission, composed of representatives from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Administration of the President of Georgia, the Parliament’s Committee on Diaspora and Caucasus Issues, the Ministry of Education and Science, the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, the Youth Agency (a legal entity under public law), and the International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD), selected the winners as follows: From the “Support for Diaspora Initiatives” program, 22 winners were chosen from 83 submitted projects. From the “Be Your Country’s Young Ambassador” program, 18 winners were chosen from 60 applications. From the “Support for Georgian Dance and Song Ensembles Abroad” program, 22 winners were chosen from 40 applications. In selecting the successful candidates, the commission paid particular attention to the candidates’ motivation, experience in diaspora-related activities, and knowledge of the programs, Georgia, and their host countries. The commission also evaluated the action plans, program descriptions, and budget documentation submitted in advance as part of the competition. These diaspora programs aim to strengthen the connection between the Georgian diaspora and their homeland, promote Georgia and Georgian culture abroad, and preserve national identity and cultural heritage. Over the course of the year, the winners of the programs will carry out a wide range of cultural, creative, sports, educational, and other activities in their countries of residence. It is noteworthy that, under the organization of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, an award ceremony will be held for the winners of these competitions. Documents Similar News