26 June 2024 The 61st round of the Geneva International Discussions was held on 25-26 June, 2024. The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Lasha Darsalia. The Georgian delegation focused on the core agenda items of the Geneva International Discussions namely, the necessity of implementation of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement by the Russian Federation, and the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees to their homes. At the negotiations, the Georgian delegation once again emphasized the dire security, human rights and humanitarian environment in the occupied regions of Georgia and in the vicinity of the occupation line caused by the destructive actions of Russia and its occupation regimes. The Georgian side expressed concerns regarding the conduct of so-called elections in the occupied regions and herewith condemned the so-called parliamentary elections in the occupied Tskhinvali region on 9 June, as well as the Russian presidential elections held in both occupied regions in March, this year. These elections grossly violate Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The representatives of the Russian Federation and the occupation regimes, employing their established practice, once again left the negotiations on one of the main agenda items, namely the return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees, thereby disrupting the negotiations. The Geneva International Discussions (GID) were launched on the basis of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and its main topics are implementation of the Ceasefire Agreement, and safe and dignified return of IDPs and refugees to their homes, as well as security and humanitarian problems stemming from Russian occupation. The discussions are held with Co-Chairmanship of the EU, UN and OSCE, and participation of Georgia, the Russian Federation and the USA. The Chairman of the Government of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia and the Head of the Provisional Administration of the former South Ossetian Autonomous District, as well as the representatives of the Russian occupation regime in Sokhumi and Tskhinvali also attend the Working Groups. Documents Similar News