15 December 2022 On 15 December 2022, the Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia held a meeting with the newly appointed Ambassador of the French Republic who presented copies of his credentials to the Deputy Minister. Teimuraz Janjalia congratulated the French diplomat on the start of his diplomatic activities in Georgia and wished him success in his future work. At the meeting, the sides expressed satisfaction with the existing partnership relations and fruitful cooperation between the two countries. Speaking about the activation of the political dialogue between Georgia and France, special attention was focused on the dynamics of high-level bilateral visits and the importance of the Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French dialogue, which covers a wide range of political, defense, internal security, trade-economic, cultural and educational relations. The sides expressed their readiness to hold the second round of dialogue in the near future. Special attention was paid to Georgia's integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures. The sides highlighted the progress achieved by Georgia on the road to European integration, the process of implementing the 12-point plan and the importance of receiving the status of a candidate country. Teimuraz Janjalia expressed his gratitude for France's support of Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as the non-recognition policy. On his part, the French ambassador expressed his readiness to contribute to the further deepening of Georgian-French relations. He emphasized that France will remain an unwavering supporter of Georgia's sovereignty, territorial integrity, European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Discussions also focused on the potential of deepening trade and economic relations between the two countries and the importance of business visits. At the end of the meeting, the sides confirmed their commitment to further strengthen the existing strategic cooperation between Georgia and France. Documents Similar News