26 January 2023 On 26 January 2023, the eighth round of the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue was held in London. The Secretary of State for Foreign Commonwealth and Development Affairs, James Cleverly MP and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, led the Dialogue. Both sides underlined the special importance of the Annual Wardrop Strategic Dialogue which mirrors comprehensive bilateral agenda between Georgia and the United Kingdom encompassing a wide scope of issues. In the Ministerial Plenary Session, both sides welcomed the excellent political relations and strategic cooperation that exist between Georgia and the United Kingdom, and which manifest themselves in both bilateral and multilateral fora. Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic membership goals was one of the topics of the meeting. The UK welcomed the European Council decision of June 2023 recognising the European perspective of Georgia. The UK side welcomed the Georgian government’s commitment to reforms and the UK's continuous support in this regard. The Foreign Secretary highlighted the UK’s unwavering support towards Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognised borders and the peaceful conflict resolution efforts pursued by the Government of Georgia. The discussion also focused on Georgia’s commitment and efforts to contribute to peace and security in the region. While discussing the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Georgian side reaffirmed its commitment to Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Foreign Secretary reaffirmed the UK’s full commitment to Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic membership goals. The Alliance’s practical and political support for Georgia was also appraised positively. The UK acknowledged Georgia’s role in ensuring global peace and security. The sides stressed the importance of bolstering economic and trade ties. The Ministers exchanged views on the opportunities offered by Strategic Partnership and Cooperation Agreement in various realms of mutual interests including free trade arrangements. The sides discussed the increasing range of security and defence cooperation between Georgia and the UK. Both sides welcomed the strong educational and cultural ties and people-to-people links between the two countries. The heads of the Georgian and UK delegations welcomed 30th anniversary of reestablishing diplomatic relations celebrated last year. The parties reaffirmed significance of this milestone to further strengthen existing partnership ties. Within the 8 th round of the strategic dialogue, working sessions were held on cooperation ranging from political dialogue, to defence and security, economics and trade, educational, cultural and people-to-people dimensions. As part of the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue, the United Kingdom and Georgia signed Readmission Agreement and Air Traffic Agreement. Documents Similar News