16 November 2017 16.11.2017, Tbilisi – “Following its successful reforms in the economic sector Georgia has become one of the most open, stable and reliable countries on the international arena, especially when it comes to transparency, openness and security” - the Brazilian foreign minister Aloysio Nunes Ferreira said during the joint press conference following his meeting with Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. Nunes Ferreira talked highly of the Georgian reforms especially in the area of electronic services and of the country’s business potential. “Brazil is closely following what’s happening in Georgia and among the reforms undertaken in the country we find the development of electronic services most interesting” – he said. The Brazilian Foreign Minister also spoke about the importance of intensifying trade-economic relations with Georgia. According to him, Georgia is one of the top partners of Brazil in the Caucasus region, and he is working actively to organise a trip of a Brazilian business delegation to Georgia to explore investment opportunities. Nunes Ferreira said that the two countries enjoy high-level political relatons, and this should find its manifestation in culture, people-to-people contatcs, other areas. Nunes Ferreira paid special attention to the agreement on cooperation in tourism signed as part of his visit to Georgia. While on the theme of inter-parliamentary co-operation, he highlighted the Brazilian senators’ visit to Georgia saying that the Senators’ report on Georgia’s occupied territories attracted the Brazilian Parliament’s strong support for Georgia. Expressing his support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, Aloysio Nunes Ferreira reaffirmed that the Brazil Government fully supports Georgia’s peaceful conflict resolution policy. The Brazilian Foreign Minister met the President of Georgia and is due to meet the Prime Minister during his stay in Georgia. Minister Nunes Ferreira is paying an official visit to Georgia on 15 and 16 November. It is the first ever visit of a Brazilian foreign minister to Georgia. Documents Similar News