26 April 2018 Radisson Blu Iveria will host NATO-Georgia Public Diplomacy Forum on 30 April and 1 May. The event is organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Information Centre on NATO and EU, through the support of the NATO Liaison Office, Public Diplomacy Division at NATO and the Embassy of Bulgaria to Georgia. The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister, Mikheil Janelidze will deliver opening remarks. The Georgian Prime Minister, Giorgi Kvrikashvili, the President Giorgi Margvelashvili, the chairman of the Parliament, Irakli Kobakhidze and the Assistant Secretary General for Public Diplomacy, Ambassador Tacan Ildem will deliver keynote speeches. The participants of the forum will discuss such topics as challenges facing international security; the importance of public diplomacy and strategic communication amid hybrid war, methods of countering propaganda in the region, the role of traditional and social media in present-day public diplomacy. The forum will be attended by representatives of the executive and legislative branches of the government, officials of the government agencies specializing in public diplomacy and communications and the NATO Headquarters, as well as experts invited from NATO member and non-member states (the United States, Great Britain, Czech Republic, Finland, Sweden, Russia, Ukraine). Mark Laity, Director on Strategic Communications to NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR), Erik Brattberg, director of the Europe Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, Jakub Janda, Head of Kremlin Watch Program and Director of the European Values Think-Tank, Jessikka Aro a Finnish journalist working for Finland's public service broadcaster will participate in the NATO-Georgia Public Diplomacy Forum. Working meetings are also due to be held with representatives of the state structures and media facilities working on strategic communications. The forum is held for the third time in Georgia and represents an important platform for discussing public diplomacy and communications. The aim of the event is to expand the network of public diplomacy experts, to share knowledge and experience with NATO member states and to elaborate a common strategy and approaches. Documents Similar News