28 April 2022 On 27 April 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed Georgia Support Act establishing strong strategic partnership between the two countries at the legislative level. The legislation was reintroduced on 8 February 2021 by the Georgia Caucus co-chairs — Congressman Gerry Connolly (D-VA) and Congressman Adam Kinzinger (R-IL) with bipartisan support from 19 co-sponsors from democratic and republican parties. Georgia Support Act supports Georgia’s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders; Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic and European integration; the right of the people of Georgia to freely determine their future and make independent and sovereign choices on foreign and security policy, without interference, intimidation, or coercion by other countries. The bipartisan Bill condemns ongoing detentions, kidnappings, and other human rights violations committed in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation, including the recent killings of Georgian citizens Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria, Davit Basharuli, and others and calls for imposition of sanctions on persons complicit in or responsible for human rights abuses, including right to life. The legislation supports peaceful conflict resolution in Georgia, including by urging the Russian Federation to fully implement the European Union-mediated ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, and supporting the establishment of international security mechanisms in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali Region and the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons (IDPs) and refugees. The document pays special attention to Georgia-U.S. defence and security cooperation and instructs the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate United States departments and agencies, to submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on Georgia’s capabilities to defend itself, including a five-year strategy to enhance Georgia’s deterrence, resilience, and self-defense capabilities. The bipartisan Bill calls on the United States to enhance the capabilities of Georgia to combat Russian disinformation and propaganda campaigns. The Bill already approved by the U.S. House of Representatives will be sent to the U.S. Senate. If approved by the relevant Senate committees and the plenary session, it will be sent to the U.S. President. For the text of the Bill, please check the link at: https://docs.house.gov/billsthisweek/20220425/BILLS-117hr923-SUSv1.pdf Documents Similar News