7 May 2020 International Conference on civil participation in decision-making, organised by the City of Tbilisi and the Council of Europe under the aegis of the Georgian Presidency of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe was held in the online format on 6 and 7 May 2020. The objective of the conference was to identify useful and innovative examples of successful civil engagement at local, regional and national level and to highlight and promote the unique work of the Council of Europe in this area. The opening session of the online event included contributions by the Permanent Representative of Georgia to the Council of Europe, President of the Ministers’ Deputies Irakli Giviashvili, Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić and the Mayor of Tbilisi Kakha Kaladze. The conference consisted of several thematic sessions, including Civil participation in decision-making in Georgia, European experiences in civil participation in decision-making and International approaches to civil participation in decision-making, featuring expert contributors from Georgia, other Council of Europe member states and countries further afield including the USA. The online conference also enabled interaction between the participants and the speakers by enabling public to submit questions and reactions. Following the conference and taking into account the debate, the Georgian Presidency will draw its conclusions that will be made available by 11 May 2020. Please visit the Conference website https://www.coe.int/participation to access all contributions and further information concerning the event. Notably, civil participation in decision-making is one of the priorities of the Georgian Presidencyof the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe (November 2019-May 2020). This international conference was originally foreseen to be held in Strasbourg on 6 March 2020 but had to be postponed due to COVID-19 related restrictions. Given the importance and relevance of the topic under the current exceptional context, the Georgian Presidency and the Council of Europe have decided to maintain this particularly timely event in the on-line format. . Documents Similar News