16 September 2019 16.09.2019, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 49thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs.The Deputy Foreign Minister and the Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions, Lasha Darsalia led the meeting from the Georgian side. Discussions focused on the recent illegal and provocative activities in the occupied territories and across the occupation line. Special attention was paid to the closure of the so-called crossing points along the occupation line with the Tskhinvali region, which results in total isolation of the population residing in the occupied territories and creates a threat of humanitarian crisis on the ground. Conversations also included the illegal activities of the occupation troops near the village of Chorchana. It was stressed that such illegal steps are part of the deliberate policy of the Russian Federation aimed at destabilizing the situation on the ground. The participants of the meeting also put an accent on erection of artificial barriers in the village of Gegutiantkari and the increasing number of illegal detentions and kidnappings of Georgian citizens. Special attention was paid to the Russian Federation’s regular violations of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, including the illegal military build-up and ilitary exercises ongoing in the Abkhazia and the Tskhinvali regions. The sides also discussed key items on the agenda of the next round of discussions, including destructive steps of Russia towards the factual annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the occupied territories, and the ban on native language education. It was underscored that Georgians living in the Gali district are forced register as foreign residents and change their ethnic identity. Cases of persecution of human rights activists were also highlighted. The Georgian delegation expressed its concern that justice has not yet been delivered on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. Special attention was paid to the need to bring clarity into the suspicious death of Irakli Kvaratskhelia in the occupied region of Abkhazia. Members of the Georgian delegation reiterated the need to reach progress on the key issues on the agenda of the Geneva International Discussions, including by holding substantial discussions on the return of refugees and IDPs to the places of origin. Special attention was paid to the necessity for the Russian Federation to comply with the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, and the need to create international security arrangements in the occupied territories being an essential prerequisite for ensuring sustainable peace on the ground. Lasha Darsalia once again reaffirmed Georgia’s commitment to de-escalation of the situation and peaceful resolution of the conflicts and called upon the co-chairs to further mobilize efforts to ensure long-term peace and solution of the problems of the conflicted-affected population through Geneva International Discussions and Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism. Documents Similar News