6 July 2023 On 6 July 2023, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia attended the event dedicated to the National Day of the Kingdom of Belgium. The Deputy Minister congratulated the Belgian people on their national day and spoke about the friendly relations between Georgia and Belgium. Teimuraz Janjalia focused on the importance of Belgium's support on the path of Georgia's European integration. The deputy minister noted that Georgia highly appreciates Belgium's support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for the Kingdom of Belgium's contribution to the EUMM, which is becoming increasingly important in the light of the current security challenges. Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized the long-standing friendship and partnership between Georgia and the Kingdom of Belgium, both in bilateral and multilateral formats, and noted that these relations will be further strengthened in political, trade, economic, cultural and educational areas. The Deputy Minister spoke about the dynamics of high-level visits between the two countries. In this context, he emphasized the visit of the Prime Minister of Georgia to Brussels, within the framework of which events dedicated to the international festival "Europalia" and the Independence Day of Georgia were held. Teimuraz Janjalia noted that this year, within the framework of "Europalia", various events will be held in Belgium, and this will give a fresh impetus to the relations between the two countries. The deputy minister spoke about the European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Georgia and noted that Georgia relies on the support of Belgium on this path. On 6 July 2023, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia attended the event dedicated to the National Day of the Kingdom of Belgium. The Deputy Minister congratulated the Belgian people on their national day and spoke about the friendly relations between Georgia and Belgium. Teimuraz Janjalia focused on the importance of Belgium's support on the path of Georgia's European integration. The deputy minister noted that Georgia highly appreciates Belgium's support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for the Kingdom of Belgium's contribution to the EUMM, which is becoming increasingly important in the light of the current security challenges. Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized the long-standing friendship and partnership between Georgia and the Kingdom of Belgium, both in bilateral and multilateral formats, and noted that these relations will be further strengthened in political, trade, economic, cultural and educational areas. The Deputy Minister spoke about the dynamics of high-level visits between the two countries. In this context, he emphasized the visit of the Prime Minister of Georgia to Brussels, within the framework of which events dedicated to the international festival "Europalia" and the Independence Day of Georgia were held. Teimuraz Janjalia noted that this year, within the framework of "Europalia", various events will be held in Belgium, and this will give a fresh impetus to the relations between the two countries. The deputy minister spoke about the European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Georgia and noted that Georgia relies on the support of Belgium on this path. Documents Similar News