30 November 2022 Within the framework of the Meeting of NATO Foreign Ministers in Bucharest, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili met with the Vice Prime Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Bisera Turković. The ministers welcomed the participation of the Alliance’s partner countries in the NATO ministerial meeting, which is yet another demonstration of the strong support expressed by the Alliance towards the mentioned countries. Speaking about the bilateral relations between Georgia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, the ministers stated that they are interested in deepening bilateral relations in various fields, especially in terms of sharing mutual experience on the path of integration into the European Union. The sides highlighted that the activation of cooperation between the countries included in the EU enlargement package will be beneficial in many directions. In this context, Ilia Darchiashvili emphasized that the activation of cooperation with the countries of the Western Balkans is of special importance for Georgia. The minister provided his colleague with information about the implementation of the European Commission’s recommendations by Georgia, the process of European integration in general, and Georgia's approach to political and practical rapprochement with the European Union. The ministers highly appreciated the close cooperation of both Georgia and Bosnia and Herzegovina with the Alliance and the importance of the decisions made in Madrid in this regard. Minister Darchiashvili thanked his colleague from Bosnia and Herzegovina for supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia. Ilia Darchiashvili emphasized the importance of intensifying high-level ties for further strengthening of cooperation between the countries. Within the framework of the ministerial meeting, the head of the Foreign Ministry also met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Hungary, Péter Szijjártó, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark, Jeppe Kofod, during which discussions focused on Georgia's close partnership with the aforesaid countries and their support for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Documents Similar News