17 July 2020 The wounding and illegal detention of Georgian citizen Zaza Gakheladze by the occupation forces was discussed at the OSCE Permanent Council session at the initiative of the Georgian side. Georgia's Permanent Representative to the OSCE, Ketevan Tsikhelashvili, provided the delegations with comprehensive information on the incident, saying that such provocations were escalating and destabilizing the situation on the ground. The Georgian side stressed that, unfortunately, the case of Zaza Gakheladze is not an exception. For years, locals have been illegally detained near the occupation line and their fundamental rights and freedoms have been grossly violated. In recent days, the Georgian side has intensified the hotline and demanded the immediate extradition of the wounded and illegally detained citizen, said the Ambassador of Georgia. Ketevan Tsikhelashvili noted that the case of Zaza Gakheladze once again confirmed the need to stop the practice of illegal detention and restriction of free movement. She also informed the members of the Council about two more people recently detained by the occupation regime - Gennady Bestaev and Khvicha Mghebrishvili. Ketevan Tsikhelashvili stressed that despite the pandemic, the Russian side continued its destructive actions. She reminded the OSCE members once again that Russia had not stopped the so-called "borderization" amid the pandemic and that illegal artificial barriers had been erected in 14 more villages. The Ambassador spoke about the humanitarian problems caused by the occupation. She said that 15 people had died in recent months as they had been denied access to critical health services as a result of the closure of the so-called checkpoints and restrictions on movement. Georgia's Permanent Representative said that Russia's actions violated the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008 and the UN Secretary-General's call for a global ceasefire. The provocations organized by the Russian occupation forces illegally located on the territory of Georgia once again confirm the need for presence of international security mechanisms on the ground. The Ambassador called on Russia to let international humanitarian and human rights monitoring mechanisms in the occupied territories and to start unconditional implementation of the August 12, 2008 ceasefire agreement. Documents Similar News