3 November 2019 The Jighaura Scientific Research Centre hosted the educational tour dedicated to the Day of Georgian Diplomacy Annually, on the 3rd of November the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia celebrates its professional holiday. The date was chosen in relation to a Georgian statesman, Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani. This year the ministry held the aforementioned celebrations in the Jighaura Scientific Research Centre, where it hosted the representatives of the accredited diplomatic corps in Georgia on a “diplomatic tour”. The guests were addressed by the Ministers of Agriculture and Foreign Affairs, Levan Davitashvili and David Zalkaliani respectively. Levan Davitashvili provided the attending audience with information regarding the unique qualities of the Jighaura Scientific Research facility, with a particular focus on the significance of saving, preservation and cultivation of viticulture. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani congratulated his colleagues on their professional holiday and underscored the special role of diplomats, and diplomacy in general, in the process of development of Georgia. Georgian diplomats also received congratulation from the advisor to the Georgian Prime-Minister, Irakli Chikovani, and representatives of the accredited diplomatic corps in Georgia. Within the framework of the event Georgian diplomats, namely members of staff of the Georgian Foreign Ministry, received certificates of appreciation for the successful activities conducted throughout the year. According to the statement of the Minister, work on instating a new Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani professional award has already begun and is soon to become a reality. Within the framework of the “diplomatic tour” foreign diplomats had the opportunity to participate in the informative tour around the Jighaura Scientific Research Centre. Various events of the cultural dimension were also organised for the attending diplomats, including both the harvesting and subsequent processing of viticulture. It is noteworthy, that in Georgia the Day of Georgian Diplomacy has been celebrated since 2004, having been institutionalised by the initiative of the President of Georgia, Salome Zurabishvili. It is celebrated annually on the 3rd of November, on the birthday of a great Georgian statesman, Sulkhan-Saba Orbeliani. It is also worth noting, that the LEPL Jighaura Scientific Research Centre of the Ministry of Agruculture, which hosted the Day of Georgian Diplomacy this year, was founded in 2007 with the financial support of the “Kartu” charity fund, by “Agro-Kartu” ltd and NARP “Agro”. In 2014, the former Georgian Prime-Minister, Bidzina Ivanishvili, gifted the Jighaura Demo Farm to the Georgian state, which later acted as the foundation for the establishment of the Jighaura Scientific Research Centre. The research and demo base for perennial cultures in the village of Jighaura in the Mtskheta municipality spannes 80 hectares of land. There are 450 endemic Georgian and 350 foreign viticulture specimens preserved in the collection of the farm. This includes the unique Georgian species of grapes and a collection of rare species that took a prolonged period of time to gather and restore. Documents Similar News