31 August 2017 31.08.2017, Budapest – “The process of comprehensive rapprochement with the EU will open up for Georgia new prospects of in-depth integration”- Georgian Vice Premier, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said when speaking at the joint press conference of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Visegrad Group (V4) and the Eastern Partnership countries. He thanked the Hungarian chairmanship and the V4 countries for their firm support of Eastern Partnership. The plenary session held in Budapest on 31 August was fully dedicated to preparations for the fifth Eastern Partnership summit, scheduled for 24 November 2017 in Brussels. The Eastern Partnership countries play a significant role in ensuring the economic, energetic and physical security of the European Union, says Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze. "Georgia is committed to the Eastern Partnership. It is our joint project and a framework of diverse opportunities. The cooperation between the Eastern Partnership and the European Union is not a one-way road”, Janelidze said at a press conference following the meeting. He also talked about the importance of EU integration for Georgia and stressed that tomorrow is the third anniversary since Georgia’s EU Association Agreement came into force. "The Eastern Partnership gave a lot to us. The process of political association and economic integration with the EU is being implemented successfully; Georgian products are finding their place in the European market; the EU has become the number one trade partner for Georgia; there is an increasing dynamic in investments; Georgian citizens can move within the Schengen Zone visa-free; Georgia has become a member of the Energy Union”, Janelidze said. He added that he believes such a level of integration with the EU will give Georgia more opportunities. Apart from Eastern Partnership and Visegrad Group foreign ministers, the meeting was also attended by Estonian Foreign Minister Sven Mikser and Johannes Hahn, European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Commissioner. Documents Similar News