8 November 2022 The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, addressed the participants of the 4th Tbilisi International Forum "Nuclear and Radiological Security of the Black Sea Region in the Conditions of New Threats and Changing Environment" with an opening speech. The First Deputy Minister emphasized the international community’s joint and concerted efforts to fight the threat of weapons of mass destruction and its proliferation. Lasha Darsalia spoke extensively about the deteriorating security environment in the region, which is caused by Russia's military aggression against Ukraine. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs singled out for special mention the threat posed to nuclear power plants and nuclear infrastructure in Ukraine, which hinders the full implementation of on-site verification activities by the International Atomic Energy Agency. Lasha Darsalia also spoke about the occupied territories of Georgia, where the absence of control mechanisms creates a fertile ground for various types of illegal activities, including the spread of terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, related materials and technologies. In conclusion, the First Deputy Minister noted that Georgia is fully aware of its responsibility to the international community and is trying to contribute to the strengthening of the existing nuclear security architecture. The forum is organized by the "Civil Council on Defense and Security Issues". Co-organizers are: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia, State Security Service of Georgia, Ministry of Internal Affairs of Georgia and Nuclear and Radiation Safety Agency. Due to the Russian military aggression and the ongoing war in Ukraine, discussions are held within the framework of the forum between the government, civil society, international organizations, academia and experts. Participants will discuss such issues as nuclear and radiological security, priorities for non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, challenges and opportunities of the wider Black Sea region. Documents Similar News