9 June 2022 On 9 and 10 June 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia Teimuraz Janjalia is paying a visit to Dublin. During the visit, the Deputy Foreign Minister met with Charlie Flanagan (TD), Chair of the Foreign Affairs and Defence Committee of the Irish Parliament, and with members of the Parliamentary Friendship Group; Emer Deane, Director of EU and International Affairs at the Office of the Prime Minister (Department of Taoiseach), With the Deputy Secretary General of the Department of Justice, Oonagh Buckley. During the meeting with Charlie Flanagan, Chair of the Foreign Affairs and Defence Committee of the Irish Parliament, the sides welcomed the successful cooperation between Georgia and Ireland, which is based on common values ​​and interests. Satisfaction was expressed with the growing dynamics of bilateral relations. Particular attention was paid to active parliamentary cooperation. The role of the Irish legislature in consolidating Georgia's support was emphasized, which is reflected in adopting supportive resolutions. In this context, Teimuraz Janjalia thanked the Irish parliamentarians for actively raising issues related to Georgia, and stressed the contribution of parliamentary friendship groups to the development of the bilateral agenda. During the meeting between Teimuraz Janjalia and Emer Deane, Director of the EU and International Affairs Department at the Office of the Prime Minister, the sides reviewed the current agenda of Georgian-Irish relations and highlighted the remarkable progress on bilateral cooperation over the recent years. During the conversation, special emphasis was placed on Georgia's European aspirations, the implementation of the Association Agreement and the irreversible process of reforming the country. The Irish side welcomed Georgia's application for EU membership and expressed strong support for the country's European integration. During the meeting, the sides spoke about Russia’s large-scale military aggression against Ukraine, which threatens the existing security architecture and calls into question the idea of ​​a united, free and peaceful Europe. In this context, the Georgian side provided detailed information to the representatives of the Prime Minister's Office on the threats facing Georgia, the difficult humanitarian situation in the occupied territories, Russia’s steps towards de facto annexation, and stressed the need for international partners to take an active position. The Irish side reaffirmed its unconditional support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for maintaining the issues relating to Georgia high on the international agenda. During the meeting with the Deputy Secretary General of the Department of Justice of Ireland, Oonagh Buckley, the sides noted with satisfaction the friendly relations between the two countries and the growing dynamics of cooperation in both political and sectoral areas. The conversation focused on Georgia's integration into the European Union and the reforms carried out by the country within the framework of the Association Agreement. The Georgian side emphasized visa-free travel to the EU / Schengen countries, which is one of the most visible and tangible achievements on the way to the country's European integration. During the meeting, the sides discussed topical issues on the agenda of bilateral cooperation in the field of migration. In this context, the issue of visa facilitation with Ireland was highlighted, which will give a significant impetus to the deepening of both people-to-people contacts and trade and economic ties. Documents Similar News