28 April 2021 “I would like to confirm that Lithuania represents a true friend of Georgia and the Georgian people, supporting Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations. We are here to help you, by all means necessary.” – stated the Lithuanian Foreign Minister, Gabrielius Landsbergis, after the meeting with the Georgian Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani. According to the statement of the head of Lithuanian Foreign Ministry, a wide range of issues, including the existing situation in Southern Caucasus and the general security environment, were discussed during his meeting with his Georgian colleague, underscoring the significance of peaceful development of the region. The Foreign Minister of the two states also discussed the tight cooperation between Georgia and Lithuania, including over the issue of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration, underscoring the significance of Lithuania’s support for said process. During the discussion the Ministers also discussed the situation in both Georgia and Lithuania in terms of the COVID-19 pandemic. The steps taken by the governments of both states in terms of tackling the aforementioned pandemic were also underscored. The Lithuanian party confirmed readiness to provide support in this dimension. The Lithuanian party also welcomed the agreement reached between the governing party and the majority of the opposition mediated by the EU. “We will not be hindered by internal political problems in terms of our strategic plans to make Georgia more secure, creating a more secure regional environment. We continue discussing the transatlantic dimension, of which Georgia sees itself as an integral part.” – stated Gabrielius Landsbergis. The Lithuanian Foreign Minister honoured the fallen heroes, who gave their lives for unity and freedom of Georgia, laying wreath to the heroes’ memorial. Within the framework of the visit, Gabrielius Landsbergis held meetings with the Georgian PM, Irakli Gharibashvili, and the Speaker of Parliament, Kakha Kuchava. Today the Lithuanian Foreign Minister also met the Georgian President, Salome Zourabichvili. On April 29th Gabrielius Landsbergis is to visit the occupation line in the Odzisi Village, where he will acquaint himself with the situation on the ground along with the EUMM. Documents Similar News