13 July 2021 At the47th RegularSessionof theHuman Rights Councilheld on 12 July 2021, theOfficeof the UN HighCommissioner for Human Rights(OHCHR)presented an oral update on the follow-up to the UN Human Rights Council Resolution 46/30 on Cooperation with Georgia. The oral update pays special attention to the difficult humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. TheOfficeof the UN HighCommissioner expresses its serious concern at the repeated denial of access to Office monitors, to the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. TheOfficeof the UN HighCommissioner expresses serious concern also at various forms of reported discrimination against ethnic Georgians, infringements of the right to property, violations of the right to health, restrictions on education in one’s native language in both Georgian regions. It is highlighted that growing restrictions on freedom of movement across the occupation line and the absence of monitoring and reporting mechanisms aggravates the isolation of the affected local population and the closure of the crossing points, especially amid the pandemic, further adds to the already difficult situation. Special attention is paid to the tragic death of four people while crossing the Enguri River on 7 April. TheOfficeof the UN HighCommissioner calls on all parties concerned to ensure immediate and unbiased investigation of the four cases of deprivation of human life in the occupied territories of Georgia from 2014 to 2019. Following the representative of the Officeof the UN HighCommissioner, the Permanent Representative of Georgiato theUnited NationsOffice and other international organizations in Geneva, Alexander Maisuradze​ also spoke before theHuman Rights Councilsession. In his address, Georgia’s Permanent Representative spoke about the heavy humanitarian burden of the Russian illegal occupation of the Georgian territories, the gross violations of fundamental human rights, ethnic discrimination, torture, violations of the right to life, deprivation of liberty, arbitrary detentions and kidnappings, infringements of the right to property, violations of the right to health, restrictions on education in the native language. According to the Georgian Permanent Representative, closure of the crossing points across the occupation line and the rejection of medical evacuation aggravates the already difficult humanitarian situation even further and ends up in an increased number of fatalities in the Akhalgori and Gali distructs. Speaking about the illegal detention of Zaza Gakheladze, Irakli Bebua and Genadi Bestaev, Alexander Maisuradze emphasized that the detainees face long-term imprisonment unless the international community strictly condemns the occupation regimes’ actions and demands their unconditional and immediate release. According to the Permanent Representative, the impunity on the cases of deprivation of lives of D. Basharuli, G. Otkhozoria and A. Tatunashvili, as well as Irakli Kvaratskhelia further points to the need to support the “Tatunashvili-Otkhozoria List”. Alexander Maisuradze further underlined that the Russian Federation tries to undermine the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism by politicizing these purely humanitarian formats. Referring to the judgment of the European Court of Human Rights in the caseGeorgia v. Russia, Alexander Maisuradze said that the ECHR Judgement confirms the occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by Russia and Russia’s effective control over these territories; and holds Russia responsible for the violation of the fundamental norms of International Law and various articles of European legislation on human rights. In this context, Maisuradze highlighted the need for the international community to effectively use the aforesaid instrument to ensure that Russia complies with its obligations. According to the Permanent Representative, it is necessary to adopt a consolidated approach to ensure that Russia fulfils the 12 August Ceasefire Agreement and grants the UN Human Rights and other international monitoring mechanisms an access to Georgia’s occupied territories. Documents Similar News