20 September 2022 On 20 September 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Khatuna Totladze held a meeting with the members of the Council of Europe delegation, whose purpose is to prepare the 26th consolidated report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe - "Conflict in Georgia". The Georgian side provided the CoE delegation with information about the serious security, humanitarian and human rights situation in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions occupied by Russia. The deputy minister particularly drew attention to the dire situation in the region. He noted that Russia's full-scale aggression against Ukraine threatens not only the Black Sea region, but European security as a whole. Discussions focused on Russia’s provocative and illegal actions in the occupied regions and along the occupation line, further aggravating the situation on the ground. Speaking about the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions, the Georgian side highlighted the importance of the effective functioning of the Geneva format in order to achieve progress on the main issues of the agenda - such as the fulfillment by Russia of international obligations under the Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008, as well as the safe and dignified return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The sides also emphasized the importance of resuming Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism (IPRM) meetings in Gali without any preconditions and the importance of smooth and regular functioning of Ergneti IPRM. The Georgian side spoke about the Georgian government’s peace policy and emphasized the importance of joint efforts towards de-occupation of Georgian territories and peaceful resolution of the conflict. The deputy minister spoke about the need for unhindered access of international human rights mechanisms to the ground. Khatuna Totladze drew special attention to the importance of keeping the issues related to the Russian-occupied regions high on the international agenda and in this context emphasized the consolidated reports of the Secretary General. Documents Similar News