26 May 2021 Georgia’s Independence Day - 26 May will be marked by various events across the world. On 26 May, the day when Georgia celebrates its Independence Day, one of the most well-known Niagara Falls in a city in Ontario, Canada will for the first time light up in colours of Georgia’s national flag. Georgian flags will be raised in front of the City Halls of Ottawa and Toronto. The Georgian national dress Chokha belonging to Niko Abkhazi, the son of one of the founders of First Georgian Republic, Kote Abkhazi, will be at display at the exhibition at the Governor Palace in the city of Victoria. The main symbol of Brussels, theManneken Pis, will be dressed in Georgian chokha - the Georgian national clothes for men: The main symbol of Ankara - "Atakule Tower" will be lit in the colors of the national symbol of Georgia in Turkey. Also, in the capital of Cyprus, Nicosia, the Eleftheria square and the City Hall will be lit in the colors of the Georgian flag. On May 26, the flag of Georgia will be raised by the Mayor of Bristol at the Bristol City Hall in Great Britain. At the same time, for the first time, on May 26, the fountain of Omonia Square in Athens will be lit in the colors of the Georgian flag. As part of the events dedicated to the Independence Day of Georgia, the building of the Lord Mayor in Ireland will be lit in the colors of the Georgian flag and Georgian flags will be displayed in the main streets of Dublin. A popular Georgian song based on Akaki Tsereteli's poemSulikowas performed in Saarbrücken City Hall in Frankfurt am Main. Georgian Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation Revaz Lominadze’s welcome speech has beenaccompanied by breath-taking views and aconcert performed by the joint Georgian-Swiss chamber orchestra organised in the framework of the project “Cultural Bridge between Georgia and Switzerland”. In Jerusalem, the walls of Jerusalem will also be illuminated in the colors of the Georgian flag. Also, on May 26, traditionally, the central bridges of Lithuania will be lit in the colors of the national symbol of Georgia, as well as the old town hall "Ratusha" and the fountain in Kaunas, the giant Georgian flag will be unfurled in the central square of Vilnius and the Georgian national anthem will be performed. Also, in Qatar, Doha, a historic building in the center is lit in the colors of the Georgian flag, which is the first time in the region. On 26 in May the Netherlands, Georgian musicians will perform a composition in the center of The Hague. To mark the 30th anniversary of Georgia’s Independence from the Soviet Union, the building of the Georgian Embassy in the Kingdom of the Netherlands will be illuminated in the colors of Georgia’s national flag. The Embassy of Georgia in Spain will host a performance of the Georgian Dance Academy on the main square of Madrid (The Plaza Mayor). The Heydar Aliyev Centre in Baku also lit up in the colours of Georgia’s national flag. Documents Similar News