15 February 2022 On 15 February 2022, another round of political consultations was held between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia led the Georgian delegation, and the delegation of the Netherlands was chaired by the Director General for Political Affairs, Theis van der Plus. During the consultations, the sides discussed in detail the agenda of bilateral and multilateral cooperation and prospects for the development of relations, as well as issues related to the EU, NATO, regional and global security. The conversation also focused on the 30th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries due to be celebrated in 2022. The Dutch side underlined the country's strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, non-recognition policy, European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The Georgian delegation noted with gratitude the Netherlands participation in the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) and in the process of implementation of the NATO-Georgia Substantial Package. The Georgian side also expressed gratitude for the existing development cooperation under which the Netherlands implements multi-year programs and contributes to the sustainable development and institutional transformation of the country. During the consultations, the sides positively assessed the dynamics of trade and economic cooperation between the two countries and the need to further deepen the economic cooperation and make maximum use of the existing potential. Talks also focused on the development of sectoral cooperation in areas such as agriculture, environment, circular migration, maritime cooperation, innovation and technology. Discussing the current dynamics and mechanisms of NATO-Georgia cooperation, the sides noted Georgia’s significant role in the emergency evacuation from Afghanistan. Black Sea security and the importance of deepening NATO-Georgia cooperation was also at the centre of discussions during the meeting. The sides exchanged views overs the security challenges facing Georgia, including in the field of cyber security. The Deputy Minister spoke about Georgia's irreversible integration into the European Union and provided detailed information on the country’s progress in the implementation of the Association Agreement, including the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area; underlined Georgia’s plans to apply for full membership in the EU in 2024 and further development of sectoral cooperation with the EU. The sides also discussed the results of the Eastern Partnership Summit in December 2021 and the adopted political declaration, which includes a new partnership agenda, including an ambitious economic and investment plan. The sides described the Association Trio as a step by Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova towards greater integration with the European Union. Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the Dutch delegation on the situation in the occupied territories, the Geneva talks and the government's peace policy. He drew special attention to gross human rights violations in the occupied territories, the process of "borderization", illegal detentions and kidnappings of Georgian citizens, the closure of so-called crossing points and restriction of free movement. The sides highlighted the judgement of 21 January 2021 of the European Court of Human Rights legally confirming the occupation of Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by the Russian Federation and holding Russia liable for human rights violations on the ground. The sides shared views over the developments around Ukraine and exchanged information on the ongoing political processes in their countries. At the end of the meeting, the sides expressed their readiness to promote the development of political dialogue, economic and sectoral cooperation between the two countries. Documents Similar News