19 November 2018 19.11.2018, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Ministry hosted a preparatory meeting for the 46thround of the Geneva International Discussions between Georgia’s representatives and the EU, UN and OSCE Co-chairs. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Head of the Georgian delegation at the Geneva International Discussions led the meeting from the Georgian side. Discussions focused on key issues on the agenda of the next round of discussions. Special attention was paid to deliberate discrimination of ethnic Georgians in the Gali district where local Georgians are forced by the occupation regime to register as foreigners. Special note was taken of the grave human rights situation in the Akhalgori district. A strong accent was placed on the ban on native language education in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Discussions focused on systematic violations of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, illegal militarization and military exercises ongoing in the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The Georgian delegation expressed its concern over the installation of artificial barriers along the occupation line. The sides spoke extensively on the consequences of illegal detentions and kidnappings that add to instability on the ground and make even worse the humanitarian situation of the conflict-affected population. The need to deliver justice on the murder cases of Georgian citizens: Archil Tatunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli was posed most acutely by the Georgian side. Special attention was paid to the key items on the agenda - non-use of force, creation of international security arrangements on the ground and the need to make progress on the return of Refugees and IDPs. Highlighting the importance of renewing the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRM) meetings in Gali and Ergneti, the Deputy Minister stressed that, taking into consideration the dire human rights and humanitarian situation on the ground, special attention needs to be paid to ensuring the smooth functioning of the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms. Lasha Darsalia called upon the Co-Chairs to strengthen their efforts to ensure the solution of problems of the conflict-affected population and establish long-term peace through the effective use of the Geneva International Discussions and IPRMs The 46th round of the Geneva International Discussions will be held on 11 and 12 December 2018. Documents Similar News