12 February 2026 The eighth round of political consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Arab Republic of Egypt was held on 12 February 2026, in Cairo. The Georgian delegation was led by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Alexander Khvtisiashvili, while the Egyptian side was headed by Deputy Foreign for European Affairs Wael Hamed. The parties discussed the main areas of bilateral cooperation and welcomed the positive and growing dynamics of trade and economic relations between the two countries. Particular attention was devoted to Georgia’s tourism potential and investment climate, as well as to the country’s distinctive role in the development of the Middle Corridor and in enhancing connectivity among the states of the Black Sea basin. Within the framework of the consultations, the parties reviewed issues on the bilateral and multilateral agenda and explored prospects for further enhancing cooperation. The importance of high-level visits, the exchange of business delegations and the intensification of cooperation between the regions of the two countries was underscored. Discussions also addressed both the further development of the bilateral legal framework and the expansion of cooperation in the fields of culture and education. The Georgian side provided detailed information to the Egyptian delegation regarding the grave humanitarian situation in Georgia’s regions occupied by the Russian Federation and emphasized the importance of the peaceful resolution of the conflict. The Egyptian side once again reaffirmed its support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. The discussion also covered ongoing cooperation within the framework of international organizations, as well as matters related to mutual support. During the meeting, the parties exchanged information on developments in the Black Sea region, on the African continent and in the Middle East. Documents Similar News