11 May 2022 11 May 2022 marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the Italian Republic. Throughout this not very short space of time, relations between the two countries continue to be based on key democratic principles and values being an essential prerequisite for further deepening the existing partnership and taking it to a qualitatively higher level. Georgia and Italy enjoy close and fruitful cooperation, including in priority areas such as trade and economy, defence and security, European and Euro-Atlantic integration, innovations, education and culture. Given the current economic challenges and opportunities, special attention needs to be paid to the great potential for economic cooperation between the two countries. Italy is one of Georgia's important trading partners - in 2021 trade turnover increased by 58%. The Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA) with the EU paves the way for new opportunities for bilateral cooperation. An increasingly greater number of Italian entrepreneurs and companies are interested in Georgia's investment potential. In the face of the country's occupation and growing foreign threats, Georgia attaches particular importance to defence and security cooperation with Italy. Italy is actively involved in the development of the Georgian School of Defense Institution Building (DIBS) and is also interested in cooperating with Georgia in the field of military industry. It should be noted that Italy strongly supports the strengthening of Georgia's national security and the restoration of its territorial integrity. The clear position of Italy, as well as other European partners, is particularly important in terms of strengthening Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, de-occupation of the country and non-recognition policy of the occupied territories. The introduction and development of cultural and educational projects also remains an important priority in the relations between Italy and Georgia. Cooperation in the field of education is quite diverse and includes scholarships regularly announced by the Italian Embassy, ​​the Innovation Agreement between GITA and the Italian agency - COTEC, Cooperation between the LEPL International Education Center and the Italian Conference of Rectors (CRUI), which provides Georgian students with the opportunity to study in Italian higher education institutions. Cultural programs are also being implemented successfully, including in the field of cultural heritage and archeology. Numerous concerts, exhibitions, film shows, conferences on various topics are held in different cities of Italy and Tbilisi. Georgia regularly participates in the Venice Biennale, which is the most important international exhibition in the field of architecture and design. It should be noted that on May 11, on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations, the Italian Embassy in cooperation with the Georgian National Museum is holding an exhibition in Tbilisi dedicated to the unique material about 17th century Georgia created by Italian missionary and traveler Christopher Castelli. A special book of sketches and maps covering the same period will also be presented. Work is underway to issue a jubilee postage stamp. Documents Similar News