26 August 2021 "Through close communication with our international partners, Georgia has been actively involved for the past few days in implementing the humanitarian mission from Afghanistan, in particular, in carrying out the evacuation of citizens from Afghanistan. This process is well-organized and managed by a meticulous mechanism" - the Georgian Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister Davit Zalkaliani said referring to Georgia's engagement in the international evacuation effort from Afghanistan. According to him, Georgia has to play the important role as a transit country in ensuring the withdrawal of the Member States’ armed forces from Afghanistan. From the very outset of the evacuation process, "Tbilisi was one of the most important hubs used by the partners, for which Georgia receives daily messages of support and gratitude”. In the words of Zalkaliani, amid the dramatic development of events in Afghanistan, Georgia remains in active communication with all international partners, including with the United States of America, Norway and Sweden. As a result of these efforts, up to 2,000 passengers have been evacuated so far. According to Zalkaliani, Georgia received requests for assistance from international organizations (National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), Asian Development Bank (ADB) International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank (WB)) in evacuating their staff and giving them temporary shelter in Georgia before relocating them to the places of destination. „It was a thoroughly organized process. Evacuated people were flown by military cargo planes to the Tbilisi International Airport where they were redirected to various countries of Europe. This process is still ongoing and involves all our respective agencies, including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Defence. The entire process is led by the Prime Minister’s office, in close coordination with our partners” – the Minister said. Georgia receives daily messages of support and gratitude from its partners. This solidarity is another proof of how the World`s civilized community can work together to deal with any humanitarian crisis. “Georgia has been one of the largest contributors to the NATO mission in Afghanistan, Georgian troops were actively participating in the ISAF operation, and later in the RSM mission. In the given situation of humanitarian catastrophe, we again took our stand alongside our international partners” – the vice prime minister highlighted. Documents Similar News