22 April 2022 Bilateral relations between Georgia and the Netherlands are characterized by growing dynamics. The agreements signed between the two countries establish and promote intensive cooperation in the fields of economics, transport, finance and defense. The Netherlands supports Georgia's integration into European and Euro-Atlantic structures. The Netherlands strongly supports Georgia's territorial integrity and non-recognition policy in the occupied territories, which is clearly reflected in both bilateral and multilateral formats. The Netherlands is involved in the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) in Georgia. Cooperation between the two countries within the framework of international organizations is successful. The Netherlands makes a significant contribution to Georgia's rapprochement with the EU and funds projects that enhance compatibility with the EU. In recent years, the Netherlands has implemented three EU Twinning projects in the areas of combating economic and financial crime, environmental protection and enforcement. Currently the Netherlands participates in a project supporting the National Center for Disease Control and Public Health (NCDC). Special mention should be made of development cooperation. The Netherlands's priority areas for assistance to Georgia are: strengthening the rule of law and respect for human rights, promoting security and stability, promoting peace processes, improving governance and overcoming poverty. The two countries enjoy close economic relations. It is noteworthy that the Kingdom of the Netherlands has maintained a leading position in terms of the number of investments made in Georgia from EU member states over the recent years, and since 2011 is one of the ten largest investors in Georgia. In addition, Georgia's successful cooperation is linked to the Netherlands Development Bank (FMO), which has financed and continues to invest in key areas such as energy, finance, infrastructure, manufacturing and services. We are actively cooperating with The Netherlands Enterprise Agency (RVO) which promotes and assists Georgian entrepreneurs in agriculture, innovations and international trade. The Netherlands-Georgia Business Council was established in 2012 to promote trade and economic relations between the two countries. In 2020, Georgia was represented at the largest tourism exhibition in the Kingdom of the Netherlands "Vakantiebeurs" to popularize the country's tourism potential. The country's six millionth visitor in 2016 was a citizen of the Netherlands. Georgia enjoys close cooperation with the Netherlands in the field of education. The Department of Georgian Language and Literature has been functioning at the Faculty of Humanities of Leiden University since 2012. Georgian diplomats have the opportunity to participate in the annual training program of Clingendael - the Netherlands Institute of International Relations in order to improve their qualifications. There are several Georgian-Dutch societies in the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which organize various cultural events/projects. Documents Similar News