19 July 2023 The 8th session of the Georgia-EU Association Committee was held on 18 and 19 July 2023, in Brussels. From the EU side the session was chaired by Luke Devigne, Director for Russia, Eastern Partnership, Central Asia, Regional Cooperation and OSCE of the EEAS (European External Action Service) and, from the side of Georgia, by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia. At the meeting, the sides reviewed a wide range of Georgia-EU cooperation issues in the context of the EU enlargement policy, of which Georgia became part after Georgia’s European perspective was recognized. Deputy Minister Janjalia emphasized Georgia's expectation that by the end of the year the country will receive the candidate status and move to the next stage of EU integration. Both sides noted the importance of carrying out reforms and assessed the progress achieved by the country in terms of implementation of the Association Agreement, as well as the European Commission’s 12 priorities. The important reforms in such areas as consolidation of democracy, improvement of electoral legislation, strengthening of public administration and of state institutions, judicial reform and protection of human rights, fight against organized crime and successful cooperation with EU member states, strengthening of the independent anti-corruption bureau and others carried out by Georgia over the past year were discussed at the meeting. At the meeting of the association committee, special attention was paid to intensifying the work for the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict with the support of the European Union. The European Union emphasized its strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within the internationally recognized borders. The sides talked about the difficult situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, especially against the backdrop of Russia's military aggression in Ukraine. Discussions focused on the role of the European Union in the process of peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict, including on the functioning of the EU monitoring mission. The progress on the Georgian peace initiative "Step towards a better future" was also highlighted. The sides also reviewed the prospects for deepening cooperation in the field of security and defense, including in accordance with the priorities set out in the strategic compass of the European Union. The Georgian side emphasized the significant support provided by the European Union for strengthening the defense capabilities and resilience of Georgia within the framework of the European Peace Facility. Documents Similar News