2 July 2025 "Despite numerous challenges, Georgia has maintained economic stability and resilience thanks to prudent economic policy and strong fiscal discipline. In 2021, the country achieved double-digit economic growth, while the average growth rate over the past four years stood at 9.7%" - stated Maka Botchorishvili, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, during her address at the General Debate of the United Nations Fourth International Conference on Financing for Development. In her remarks, Minister Botchorishvili highlighted the significance of the conference, noting that it provides a unique opportunity to demonstrate the virtue of multilateralism and to reinvigorate our collective commitment to deliver on the Sustainable Development Goals and ensure that no one is left behind. The Minister of Foreign Affairs expressed gratitude to the Government of the Kingdom of Spain for hosting this important event. “It is a true honor to represent Georgia at this significant conference, especially at such a critical juncture for the global community. Today, the global financial architecture is facing profound challenges. The lingering impacts of the pandemic, ongoing conflicts, growing inequalities, humanitarian crises, food insecurity, and climate change are all impeding the implementation of the 2030 Agenda. Despite the numerous challenges, Georgia has shown resilience. Through prudent economic policies and fiscal discipline, we have kept our economy stable and healthy. Economic growth has been broad-based, driven by strong performance in trade, construction, IT, transport, and services” – stated the Minister. According to her: “Tourism is also bouncing back strongly—revenues in 2024 exceeded pre-pandemic levels by 35%, and growth has continued into 2025”. The Minister noted that Georgia stands out for its significant progress and remains an attractive place to invest, thanks to its strong legal and business environment. “Georgia ranks first in the world for State Budget Transparency, according to the 2023 Open Budget Survey by the International Budget Partnership. The Heritage Foundation’s 2025 Index of Economic Freedom ranks Georgia 35th globally, placing it above seven EU member states. The World Bank’s Business Ready Index 2024 places Georgia in the top three among 50 countries” – the Minister said. According to Maka Bochorishvili, despite serious security challenges and the illegal occupation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions by Russia, Georgia has managed to make significant progress and remains firmly committed to the peaceful resolution of the conflict, the strengthening of its sovereignty, and the promotion of regional stability. “We are committed to continuing our progress in advancing structural reforms, including those related to diversifying trade markets, improving regional trade connectivity, supporting capital market development, and enhancing energy security. Over the past years, we have also been sharing our expertise with developing and transition countries - especially in fighting corruption, creating a business-friendly environment, and improving tax and customs systems. Looking ahead, Georgia is ready to work closely with the international community to help build an effective and inclusive global financial system” – Maka Botchorishvili is quoted is saying. The Minister of Foreign Affairs underlined that “the 4th FfD Conference must be more than a stocktaking exercise. It must be a springboard for further action”. According to her, Georgia is ready to play its part and cooperate with all stakeholders to ensure that financial systems deliver not just growth, but inclusive and sustainable development for all. Documents Similar News