21 June 2018 21.06.2018, Tbilisi – Responding to the criticism of opponents regarding Russian-Georgian relations and Georgia’s international position, the Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani said that oponents used the old statement of the press-speaker of the Russian Foreign Minister and mistakenly associated it with the newly approved government. “This statement was made in April, and regrettably, this is yet another attempt of the opposition to distort facts and lead the society into error” – David Zalkaliani said. According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, Georgia is atop the political agenda of all its partners. In this context, David Zalkaliani paid special attention to the US support of Georgia and the European Parliament’s comprehensive resolution, which deals with a broad spectrum of issues, including the occupation of Georgian territories and illegal actions by Russia. Georgia remains high on the agenda of the international community. “We continue to work every day to ensure that our partners keep reaffirming the importance of the issues relating to Georgia on their bilateral agenda with Russia. Through the assistance of our partners we try to dispel the narrative being imposed on us that there is allegedly some new reality in Georgia. But there is no new reality whatsoever in Georgia. The reality is that Georgian territories are occupied and need to be de-occupied. The Minister also cited as an example the Council of Europe and the statement of its Committee of Ministers, which refers to the Russian Federation as a force exercising an effective control over the occupied territories, which should be held accountable for the difficult situation on the ground. David Zalkaliani also responded to the Tskhinvali occupation regime’s decision on the creation of the so-called border demarcation commission. “We are against any kind of barriers and barbed wire fences hindering free movement of people. We support removal of these barriers, peace policy and the sharing of benefits with our fellow citizens living on the other side of the occupation line. I mean benefits, which Georgia’s European integration, visa-free travel, and free trade relations with Europe bring about. It is the benefits, not Barriers and wire fences, we offer” – the Georgian Foreign Minister said. Documents Similar News