4 April 2023 On 4 April 2023, in Geneva, the UN Human Rights Council adopted a resolution on the occupied territories of Georgia - "Cooperation with Georgia". The resolution was presented by Lasha Darsalia, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia. Lasha Darsalia spoke about the difficult situation in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions occupied by Russia; He emphasized that the Russian Federation exercises effective control over the occupied territories of Georgia and Russia is held responsible for human rights violations on the ground, as confirmed by the decisions of the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) and the International Criminal Court (ICC). According to the First Deputy Minister, the current situation in the occupied territories of Georgia clearly indicates the need to give the office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and other international human rights monitoring mechanisms an access to the occupied regions. The delegations of the European Union, Great Britain, the USA, Costa Rica and Lithuania made supportive statements and urged the members of the Council to support the resolution. In the resolution, the Human Rights Council reaffirms its support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within its internationally recognized borders. The Human Rights Council expresses serious concern over various types of discrimination against the ethnically Georgian population in the occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and demands immediate and unrestricted access of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and international and regional human rights mechanisms to the occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. The Council emphasizes the importance of the Geneva International Discussions, established on the basis of the 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement. The role of Incident Prevention and Response Mechanisms (IPRM) in Gal and Ergneti is also emphasized. The UN Human Rights Council instructs the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit oral and written reports regarding the implementation of the resolution at the next - 53rd and 54th sessions of the Council. Documents Similar News