24 February 2024 On 23 February 2024, in connection with the second anniversary of Russia's aggression against Ukraine, the Georgian delegation participated in high-level events held within the framework of the UN, OSCE and the Council of Europe. The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia delivered a speech in New York at the UN General Assembly debate session - "The current situation in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine". In his speech, Lasha Darsalia emphasized the severe humanitarian consequences of Russia's ongoing aggression against Ukraine and once again confirmed Georgia's steadfast support for Ukraine's territorial integrity; He also noted Georgia's political and diplomatic solidarity with Ukraine. In his speech at the UN, the first deputy minister also focused on human rights violations and security challenges as a result of Russia's occupation of Georgian territories and emphasized the need for international human rights mechanisms to be allowed in the occupied territories. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia, participated in the enhanced session of the OSCE Permanent Council on the issue of Ukraine, which was held in a hybrid format. Teimuraz Janjalia addressed the participants of the event. The Georgian diplomat condemned Russia's illegal aggression against Ukraine and once again expressed his solidarity with the Ukrainian people. The Georgian side confirmed Georgia's strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine within the internationally recognized borders and called on the Russian Federation to withdraw troops and military equipment from the territory of Ukraine. in his speech, the Deputy Minister talked about the occupation of Georgian territories by Russia, the difficult situation on the ground in terms of security and human rights. In addition, the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe held an extraordinary meeting in which the Permanent Representative of Georgia to the Council of Europe, Tamar Taliashvili participated. Documents Similar News