13 September 2018 13.09.2010 - On 12 September 2018, the 10th anniversary of the Russian-Georgian war was discussed at the meeting of the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies of the Council of Europe within the frames of the agenda 1323 - the "Council of Europe and the Conflict in Georgia". During the above-mentioned meeting the statement was made by the permanent representative to the Council of Europe Irakli Giviashvili and in his speech he paid attention to Russian aggression against Georgia in August War 2008 in the form of gross violation of international law and principles, that resulted in the occupation of the Georgian territories and expulsion of ethnic Georgians from occupied territories. In the statement made by Georgian side it was emphasized that even after ten years of armed conflict Russia does not fulfill the ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, continues its aggression against Georgia, the militarization of the occupied regions and the installation of barbed wire fences and other artificial barriers on the occupation line, the fundamental rights of the local population are grossly violated and the access of international organizations in the occupied regions are barred as well. Irakli Giviashvili also informed the Committee of Ministers about the difficult situation in terms of human rights in the occupied territories of Georgia. Particular attention was paid to life threatening facts of Georgian citizens Archil Tutunashvili, Giga Otkhozoria and Davit Basharuli. In his speech, Irakli Giviashvili also pointed out the steps taken by the Georgian authorities for trust building and the policy of engagement. A special attention was paid to the new peace initiative of the Government of Georgia - "A Step to a Better Future", that aims at improving the humanitarian and social-economic environment of the population of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. At the end of the meeting, the Permanent Representative of Georgia underlined the importance of the issue of "conflict in Georgia" on the agenda of the Council of Europe. In consideration of the issue, supportive statements toward Georgia were made on behalf of the EU member states (joining Albania, Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Montenegro, Monaco, Moldova, Norway, Ukraine, San Marino and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia). In the statement, the EU reiterates its firm support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. There was also marked that 10 years since the conflict between Russian and Georgia, the international community remains deeply concerned in respect of the security and human rights situation in the Georgian territories. Based on the fundamental norms and principles of international law the importance of peaceful resolution of the Russian-Georgian conflict was emphasized. In its statement, the EU calls on the Russian Federation to fully implement the agreement of 12 August 2008 mediated by the European Union, including withdrawal of its military forces from the occupied territories of Georgia. The EU expresses its deep concern about the continuous deterioration of the human rights in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia.. The EU calls for a proper investigation into the tragic death of Archil Tatunashvili and for justice to be applied following the killing of Giga Otkhozoria. The EU is also deeply concerned by an intensification of the so-called borderisation process along the Administrative Boundary Lines and other numerous violations, including gross violations of rights related to freedom of movement, residence and to property, as well as the restriction of education in one’s native language. In these ten years, Georgia has strengthened its institutions and undertaken reforms with a view of strengthening its democratic stability. The EU welcomes the package of proposals "A Step to a Better Future" of the Georgian government. The EU regrets the continued refusal by Russia and participants from Tskhinvali and Sukhumi to engage on the topic of refugees and displaced persons in the Geneva International Discussions. The EU recalls that this topic is at the core of the mandate of the Geneva International Discussions. Documents Similar News