11 June 2022 Bilateral political consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and the Department of Foreign Affairs of Ireland (DFA) were held in Dublin, on 10 June 2022. The Georgian delegation was led by the Deputy Foreign Minister, Teimuraz Janjalia, while the Irish delegation was led by the Deputy Secretary General, Sonja Hyland. The sides highlighted the common values ​​and interests, on which Georgia-Ireland relations are based, as well as the common vision of the sides on the strengthening of the rules-based international order. The participants of the meeting welcomed the positive dynamics of bilateral relations over the recent years, and underlined the growing awareness of Georgia among the political and academic circles of Ireland. Reviewing the current agenda of bilateral cooperation, the sides emphasized the importance of exchanging high-level visits in terms of further deepening cooperation and moving to a qualitatively newer level. The conversation focused on the further development of trade-economic and sectoral cooperation. The opportunities in bilateral relations and the importance of its full use were mentioned. Emphasis was placed on the effective functioning of the Georgia-Ireland Business Council and the promotion of contacts between business circles. In this context, the focus was on visa facilitation with Ireland, which will have a significant impetus to deepen both interpersonal contacts and trade and economic ties. One of the main issues of the meeting was Georgia's integration into the European Union and the main reforms carried out by the country within the framework of the Association Agreement. The Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia reviewed the current directions of Georgia-EU relations, the country's application for EU membership and the government's commitment to the European integration process and the irreversible course of reforms. The sides positively assessed Georgia’s progress on the implementation of the Association Agreement. It was noted that the agreement creates a good ground for Georgia's integration into the EU in various fields. During the meeting, the focus was on the situation in the region. The sides discussed the large-scale military aggression by Russia against Ukraine, which poses significant challenges to the idea of ​​a united, free and peaceful Europe, and to the existing security architecture. The Georgian and Irish delegations exchanged information on efforts to support Ukraine, both at the political and humanitarian level. The Irish side reaffirmed its unconditional support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Deputy Secretary General noted that Ireland, as a small country, shares the challenges facing Georgia and will do its utmost to maintain the urgency of the issue on the international agenda. Teimuraz Janjalia welcomed Ireland’s strong position and active support for Georgia amid the fragile environment created in the region. The sides discussed current issues of multilateral cooperation. The Georgian side underlined the role of Ireland as a member of the UN Security Council and the chair of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. During the consultations, regional security challenges and current issues on the international agenda were also discussed. Documents Similar News