5 March 2018 05.03.2018, Sarajevo - Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze and Foreign Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina Igor Crnadak signed Memorandum of Cooperation between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the two countries. The document was signed during Janelidze’s official visit in Sarajevo. The memorandum underlines the fundamental principles of international law - sovereignty and territorial integrity, inviolability of borders and non-interference in the internal affairs of the two countries and envisages different formats of relations between ministries. The Foreign Ministers of the two countries held a joint press-conference after the signing ceremony, where they spoke about the importance of the memorandum. The Ministers also emphasized the friendly and partner relations between the two countries and expressed readiness to promote further development of mutual ties. Mutual support in the process of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of both countries was also emphasized. Janelidze and Crnadak noted the high potential for the development of sectoral cooperation especially in areas such as trade, tourism, agriculture and services. The Ministers welcomed the appropriate decision of both countries, enabling citizens of Georgia and Bosnia and Herzegovina to travel visa-free to both countries. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia informed the colleague about the economic and transit potential of Georgia and the possibilities of cooperation between the two countries in this regard. The signed Memorandum of Cooperation between Foreign Ministries of Georgia and Bosnia and Herzegovinawill create new avenues for our cooperation based on international principles, common values, aspirations and mutual respect of sovereignty and territorial integrity The sides highlighted the importance of exchanging high-level visits. Mikheil Janelidze in ited Foreign Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina to Georgia for participation in the high-level summit of Open Government Partnership. Documents Similar News