15 February 2023 Ilia Darchiashvili paid an official visit to the Hellenic Republic. Within the framework of the visit, the Georgian Foreign Minister held a meeting with his Greek counterpart. The ministers signed a memorandum on cooperation in the field of diplomatic training, and also made statements for the press. At the meeting, Ilia Darchiashvili and Nikos Dendias paid special attention to the issues relating to bilateral relations and emphasized the historically established friendly ties between Georgia and the Hellenic Republic – the ties, which made their impact not only on the political and diplomatic relations between the two countries, but also on the culture, people-to-people contacts and the historical values that still continue to define Georgia's civilizational choice - to become a full-fledged member of the European family. The ministers noted the importance of high-level visits and the intensity of contacts for the further development of bilateral relations. In particular, they noted the great potential of tourism and trade and agreed to hold an intergovernmental economic commission in the near future. Discussions also focused on the increased role and importance of Georgia in the region. Speaking about bilateral relations, the ministers welcomed the positive agenda in various fields and the successful projects already implemented. For his part, the Georgian Foreign Minister thanked the Greek side for the support of the Georgian diaspora based in Greece and noted the tremendous support Greece has provided to Georgia since the restoration of independence. Nikos Dendias expressed Greece's firm support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and recognized Georgia's progress on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Ilia Darchiashvili briefed his colleague on the steps Georgia is taking to implement the European Commission’s recommendations and expressed the hope that the European Union will take into account Georgia’s efforts which will be reflected in the relevant decision on granting the country a candidate status. Ilia Darchiashvili thanked his Greek colleague for his warm hospitality. For his part, Nikos Dendias expressed his readiness to visit Georgia at the first opportunity. Documents Similar News