21 June 2021 On June 21, 2021 the first virtual Georgian-Malaysian Business Forum - “Promising Market for SMEs in Malaysia and Georgia” was organized by the Embassy of Georgia and SME Corp. (small and medium enterprises) of Malaysia. Mr. Alexander Khvtisiashvili, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Mr. Nikoloz Apkhazava, Ambassador of Georgia, Mr. Aleksandre Papiashvili, Director of International Relations and Project Management Department of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Georgia and Mr. Davit Tavlalashvili, Deputy Head of Investment Department of Enterprise Georgia participated in the webinar from the Georgian side. H.E. Datuk Wira Hajah Mas Ermieyati Binti Hj Samsudin, Deputy Minister of Entrepreneur Development and Cooperatives, Mr. Sukri Abu Bakar, Senior Deputy Director, Foreign Investment Promotion Division, Malaysian Investment Development Agency (MIDA), Mr. Rizal Nainy, Chief Executive Officer, SME Corp. Malaysia and Mr. Amrul Nazri Abdullah, Director, International Cooperation Division, SME Corp. Malaysia participated in the webinar from the Malaysian side. Mr. Khvtisiashvili and Datuk Wira Hajah delivered welcoming remarks to the participants of the webinar. Presenters overviewed current trends and future prospects of bilateral trade relations, business environment in the respective countries, investment climate and opportunities in the different sectors of economy, current regulations and incentives for investment, implemented and ongoing economic reforms, liberal foreign trade policies and advantages of the existing free trade regimes. At the business forum, the Malaysian side presented the “MatchMe” online platform slated to be launched at the end of June, 2021. Through this platform, local and foreign companies will be able to establish business contacts and will have better opportunities to exchange information about their goods and services. During the webinar interactive Q&A sessiontook place. Over 100 representatives of the private sector took part in the webinar. In the end, the webinar proved to be engaging and received positive feedbacks. Documents Similar News