20 September 2022 Within the framework of the high-level week of the UNGA 77, the 39th session of the Council of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the Organization for Democracy and Economic Development - GUAM was held. The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration of the Republic of Moldova, Nicu Popescu, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Azerbaijan, JeyhunBayramov, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Dmytro Kuleba, and the Secretary General of GUAM, Altai Efendiyev, took part in the session. The meeting focused on the geopolitical environment and security challenges as a result of Russia's full-scale military aggression against Ukraine. Against the background of the common threats and challenges, the sides emphasized the need of further strengthening regional cooperation, as well as of involving international partners in this process. The Georgian Foreign Minister emphasized Georgia’s solidarity with Ukraine since the beginning of the war and spoke at length about the political, diplomatic and humanitarian support provided by our country to Ukraine in both bilateral and multilateral formats. Ilia Darchiashvili also informed the participants of the session about the current situation and security environment in the occupied regions of Georgia. The sides emphasized the importance of strengthening transport, connectivity and energy cooperation, which became a priority in the light of the current events in Ukraine. Within the framework of the 39th session of the GUUAM, the GUUAM Participating States signed the Protocol on rules for determining the country of origin of goods to the Agreement on Establishment of Free Trade Area. At the ministerial meeting, the sides emphasized the importance of coordinated interaction between the GUUAM member states within the framework of international organizations. Special mention was made of the existing formats of cooperation with partner countries. Documents Similar News