3 October 2023 On 2 October 2023, bilateral political consultations were held between the foreign ministries of Georgia and the Republic of Albania. The consultations were led by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Teimuraz Janjalia from the Georgian side, and by the Deputy Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs ,Megi Fino from the Albanian side. At the meeting, the sides emphasized the need to deepen Georgia-Albania relations and agreed that the meetings in this format will become regular. When discussing the issues relating to bilateral cooperation, attention was focused on the importance of intensifying political dialogue and exchanging high-level visits. Also, the sides talked about the prospects for the development of cooperation between the sectoral agencies of the two countries. A special emphasis was put on deepening relations in trade-economic and tourism spheres. Within the framework of the consultations, the sides highlighted that the two countries have the common goal of joining the European Union and exchanged information about the successful steps taken in this direction. Discussions focused on Georgia’s NATO integration prospects - Teimuraz Janjalia emphasized the importance of the support of the Alliance’s Member States, including of Albania. The Georgian side provided the Albanian delegation with comprehensive information about the current humanitarian situation and security challenges in the occupied territories of Georgia. The Albanian side once again confirmed that it unwaveringly supports the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia within the internationally recognized borders. At the meeting, the sides focused on fruitful cooperation within the framework of international organizations and emphasized the need to continue the successful experience in this direction. Current issues of global politics, and ongoing developments in the South Caucasus and Balkan regions were also discussed during the consultations. Documents Similar News