19 November 2021 The Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs David Zalkaliani spoke in detail about bilateral cooperation between Georgia and European countries during the Minister's Hour at the Parliament of Georgia. According to him, one of the main tasks of Georgia's foreign policy is to achieve significant progress in upgrading to the strategic level Georgia’s bilateral relations with European countries, which will significantly contribute to Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. According to David Zalkaliani, despite the pandemic, 2021 has been an eventful year in terms of high-level bilateral visits, political consultations with such countries as Denmark, Estonia, Italy, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Slovenia. According to the Foreign Minister, the President, the Prime Minister and the Minister of Foreign Affairs paid many visits to European countries in 2021, including the President’s visits to Austria, Belgium, Vatican, Cyprus, France, Ukraine, Switzerland, Northern Macedonia, as well as the Prime Minister’s and the Foreign Minister's visits to Belgium, Spain, Romania, Slovenia and Ukraine. The same year, Georgia hosted the Presidents of Lithuania, Montenegro and Poland, and the Prime Minister of Ukraine; the Presidents of Ukraine and Moldova met with the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Austria, Lithuania and Romania within the framework of the Batumi International Conference, as well as during a joint visit under the auspices of the European Union. The Foreign Ministers of the United Kingdom, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Hungary, Sweden paid visits to Georgia under the OSCE chairmanship. According to the Minister, multilateral forums were actively used to strengthen bilateral ties. In addition, the Vice Prime Minister focused on such formats of strategic cooperation as the Wardrop Strategic Dialogue with the United Kingdom, the Dimitri Amilakhvari Georgian-French Dialogue, the importance of the Georgian-German-French political triangle and the high-level strategic dialogue with Ukraine. Speaking about plans for future cooperation with European countries, David Zalkaliani stressed the importance of developing strategic relations with Germany, France, the United Kingdom, as well as of maintaining the growing momentum and cooperation with the Nordic and Benelux countries, Switzerland. At the same time, the Foreign Minister stressed the importance of strengthening traditionally close partnership and friendly relations with the Baltic States, the importance of establishing Georgian-Polish strategic dialogue, implementing various directions of the Georgian-Ukrainian Strategic Partnership Council and fully realizing the potential of trade and economic relations. Documents Similar News