8 August 2024 2024 marks the 16th anniversary of Russia's full-scale military aggression against Georgia. After 16 years, the Russian Federation still continues occupation of Georgia's integral Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, in violation of the 12 August 2008 Ceasefire agreement brokered by the European Union and in blatant disregard of the fundamental principles and norms of international law. This is confirmed by numerous decisions of the International Criminal Court and the European Court of Human Rights between 2021 and 2024. Russian military bases illegally stationed in the occupied regions of Georgia; regular military exercises conducted by the occupying forces; artificial barriers erected along the occupation line; the killing of Georgian civilians, illegal detentions, ethnic discrimination against Georgians, and other destructive actions by Russia further exacerbate the grave security and humanitarian situation in these regions. Furthermore, Russia continues to obstruct the unrestricted access of international organizations and the deployment of international security arrangements on the ground. By creating a common social and economic space, conducting illegal elections in the occupied territories, appropriating settlements and strategic sites, and signing various so-called integration agreements and memoranda with the occupation regimes, Russia aims to incorporate Georgia's indivisible regions into its own political, military, economic, and social systems, which contributes to the isolation of the population living in the occupied territories from the rest of Georgia and the international community. Georgia remains unequivocally committed to a policy of peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict aiming at de-occupation, peaceful reunification and development through diplomatic and legal means, in close cooperation with international partners. Georgia continues to engage constructively in Geneva International Discussions, primarily aiming to address the implementation of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement and the return of internally displaced persons and refugees. The Government of Georgia is actively working towards reconciliation and rebuilding trust between communities divided by occupation lines, with the goal of creating a shared European future. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs emphasizes the unwavering and unequivocal support of the international community for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and expresses gratitude for the support of international partners in the peaceful resolution of the Russia-Georgia conflict. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs calls on the Russian Federation to respect Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, fulfill its obligations under the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement, withdraw its forces from the territory of Georgia, cease gross human rights violations in the occupied regions, and facilitate the return of internally displaced persons and refugees to their homes. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs extends its condolences and sympathies to the families and relatives of the fighters and civilians who heroically lost their lives in the 2008 war. Documents Similar News