12 April 2018 12.04.2018, Vienna – The OSCE Permanent Council held a meeting, on 12 April 2018, at the initiative of the Italian chairmanship. Georgian Deputy Foreign Minister David Dondua delivered his remarks at the meeting of the OSCE Permanent Council. He provided representatives of the 57 Member States of the OSCE with detailed information on the difficult security and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories, as well as on the Georgian government’s policy for the peaceful settlement of conflicts. According to David Dondua ten years after the Georgia-Russia war, Russia still continues occupation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions and takes steps towards actual annexation of Georgia’s regions. The Deputy Minister paid special attention to the grave humanitarian consequences resulting from the installation of barbed wire fencesand the closure of the so-called checkpoints along the occupation line. Discussions focused on such issues as restrictions on free movement, right to property, illegal detentions and kidnappings, prohibition of the native language education, ethnic discrimination against Georgian and the difficult situation in the Gali and Akhalgori districts. Special attention during the discussions was paid to the necessity of detaining alleged murderers of Giga Otkhozoria. David Dondua condemned the illegal detention and murder of Archil Tatunashvili stating that the Russian Federation as a force exercising effective control on the ground is fully responsible for this fact. The Deputy Minister emphasized the necessity of establishing justice on the cases of Tatunashvili, Otkhozoria and Basharuli saying that illegal detentions and kidnappings cause instability on the ground. David Dondua spoke extensively about Georgia’s peace policy directed, on the one hand, at the de-occupation of the country, and on the other, at the restoration of trust between the communities torn apart by the occupation lines. David Dondua brought to the attention of the participant the new package of the government’s peace initiatives aimed at achieving reconciliation between the divided communities. While on the theme of the Geneva International Discussions, the Deputy Minister highlighted Georgia’s efforts towards achieving progress on such issues on the agenda as Russia’s non-use of force pledge, creation of the international security arrangements on the ground and the return of refugees and IDPs. According to the Geputy Minister, the Russian Federation avoids to comply with its international commitments under the Ceasefire Agreement of 12 August 2008. David Dondua thanked the international community for their support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. At the session of the OSCE Permanent Council, statements in support for Georgia were made by the delegations of the EU, U.S. Canada, Norway, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Armenia. Macedonia, Montenegro, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iceland, Liechstenstein, Ukraine and Moldova aligned themselves with the statement made on behalf of the EU. The delegations expressed their support for Georgia’s efforts to achieve peaceful resolution of the conflict assessing the government’s new package of peace initiatives as a step taken towards restoration of trust between the conflicting communities. Documents Similar News