11 November 2019 “I would like to express my great belief that the Georgian Presidency will be a successful one, Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić is quoted as saying. She highly appraised Georgia’s progress in the fight against corruption, gender equality and protection of children’s rights. The Secretary General referred to the Council of Europe Action Plan for Georgia 2020-2023 as a powerful instrument to meet Georgia’s needs and CoE priorities. “I would like to express my great belief that the Georgian Presidency will be a successful one, and I look forward to welcome the Minister in Strasbourg in the nearest future to initial this important Presidency on 27 November. From the priorities chosen by the Georgian Presidency, the conviction to the values and the standards of the Council of Europe is very visible, and also the very deep comprehension of the needs of today’s Europe and the world. I will underline the first priority related to the human rights and environmental protection. I think this is the first time that one Presidency of the Committee of Ministers takes this into account, having in mind the global need for the environmental protection” - the CoE Secretary General said expressing her gratitude to the Georgian Foreign Minister for organizing her first official visit to Georgia. According to Burić, the 20th anniversary of Georgia’s membership in the Council of Europe coincides remarkably with Georgian presidency of the CoE Committee of Ministers, and the task of her visit is to prepare Georgia for this presidency. The Secretary General also referred to her periodic consolidated reports on the conflict in Georgia by which the Council of Europe updates the international community on the human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied regions. “Every 6 months we have a consolidated report on the occupied territories and in this respect we monitor the situation. I can also express my concern over some issues linked to security and humanitarian situation in these areas and hope that the consolidated report that will be discussed at the Committee of Ministers on the deputies’ level, will aid to peace the situation and to move towards the peaceful settlement of this important issue for Georgia, but also for the Council of Europe and Europe as a whole” - Marija Pejčinović Burić said during her joint press conference with David Zalkaliani. Documents Similar News