29 July 2022 Georgian citizens will find employment in the most demanding sectors of Hungary. The Hungarian government included Georgia in the list of countries whose citizens will receive a work permit in Hungary in a simplified manner for a specified period of time. This was announced at the meeting between the Georgian and Hungarian foreign ministers, which was held within the framework of Ilia Darchiashvili’s working visit to Budapest. “I thank the Hungarian partners for their readiness to include Georgia in the list of countries that benefit from the mentioned simplified procedures. This fact is another clear confirmation of Hungary's unwavering support for our country," Darchiashvili said at the joint press conference after the meeting. The ministers agreed that the sides will further work towards the implementation of the Hungarian government’s aforesaid decision. The ministers also discussed fruitful Georgia - Hungary cooperation in various fields, including economics, tourism, education and people-to-people contacts. The sides welcomed the positive dynamics of the existing economic and trade relations between the two countries, which they noted had increased significantly in recent years and agreed to hold an intergovernmental economic commission by the end of 2022, which would open additional opportunities in this direction. The sides also discussed deepening cooperation in tourism and highlighted the importance of increasing the numbers of flights from Kutaisi International Airport by the Hungarian budget airline Wizz Air. The conversation also touched on the process of Georgia's European integration. “The recognition of Georgia’s European perspective is a historic fact, by which the European Union confirmed that Georgia is a European state and will become a member of the EU. It is the recognition of the progress achieved over the years, as well as the high level of integration that exists today between Georgia and the European Union” – Darchiashvili said. He thanked Szijjártó for Hungary's “strong support” for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The Ministers welcomed the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the countries and stressed the importance of exchanging high-level meetings. On 29 July 2022, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili, paid a working visit to Hungary. Within the framework of the visit, Ilia Darchiashvili held a meeting with his Hungarian colleague, Péter Szijjártó, and Minister of the Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Hungary, Gergely Gulyás. Documents Similar News