21 November 2018 21.11.2018, Brussels - Georgian Delegation, led by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze and EU Commissioners, headed by President of European Commission Jean-ClaudeJuncker, discussed increasing and enhancing cooperation between Georgia and European Union at the inaugural high-level meeting in Brussels on 21 November. Prior to the event, the Georgian Prime Minister and the President of European Commission had a tête-à-tête meeting. During the meeting held in an extended format and thematic sessions, the sides discussed the ongoing developments both in Georgia and the EU. The President of European Commission welcomed Georgia’s comprehensive reforms and efforts towards modernization and democratic development. Special accent was placed on peaceful resolution of the conflict and enhancement of the EU’s role in this regard, including through the support of the Georgian Government’s peace initiatives. Following the meeting, Mamuka Bakhtadze and Jean-ClaudeJuncker made statements for media representatives highlighting a number of initiatives, including Georgia’s participation in EU programmes and agencies that will strengthen the Georgian institutions and enhance their compliance with the European practice; promoting Georgian export to the EU market; facilitating educational reforms, including greater mobility of students and teaching staff; strengthening the European Eastern Partnership School, which is the EU’s innovative project and was implemented in Georgia for the first time; introducing smart specialization platform; further improving the justice system; further intensifying transport, energy and communications for the implementation of concrete projects; developing the emergency situations management on a par with European standards, etc. On his part, PM Bakhtadze thanked the EU Commissioners for participating in the meeting, “which is a strong message of support and readiness to engage closer with Georgia.” He said “this exceptional format” of EU-Georgia cooperation will “render concrete incentives and showcase Georgia as a major success story of the European integration in our neighborhood.” “In fact, European integration has been one of the major drivers for development of Georgia; this is due to Georgia’s choice to be part of European family,” Bakhtadzesaid, stressing that the country’s “commitment to this track remains as strong as ever.” He also underscored that this meeting will “substantially expand” EU-Georgia cooperation in various sectors and “generate more functional links.”“It will help us towards achieving gradually the maximum possible level of convergence with the European Union. This is precisely the idea behind our initiative to develop the roadmap to EU,” Georgian PM said. Following the meeting, the European Commissioners and the Ministers held thematic sessions within three focus groups: 1. Economy, trade and communications; 2. Education, science, innovations and culture; 3. Justice and internal security, civil defence. Within the framework of the high-level meeting, two Financing Agreements were signed allocating 97€ million to Georgia and the Annual Action Programme 2019 for Georgiawhich is unprecedented in scale and envisages allocation of €134 million in aid. Documents Similar News