1 December 2021 On 1 December 2021, the Vice Prime Minister/Foreign Minister of Georgia, David Zalkaliani participated in the Meeting of NATO Ministers of Foreign Affairs where the Foreign Ministers of Georgia and Ukraine - NATO aspirants - were invited. During the Ministerial Meeting, the Secretary General of NATO and the Foreign Ministers of the Member states reaffirmed their support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and its Euro-Atlantic aspirations. Highlighting that Georgia is a close partner of NATO, they underlined its contribution to global security, including NATO-led operations and missions. It was reiterated that NATO remains committed to the decision taken at the Bucharest Summit and expresses its readiness to continue its political and practical support. Among the issues discussed at the Ministerial Meeting was the Black Sea security. In this context, special attention was paid to the Alliance’s cooperation with the partner countries, the strengthening of their integration mechanisms and further support. The Riga Ministerial Meeting adopted a special report on aspirant countries, which reflects the progress made by aspirant countries on the path to NATO integration, as well as specific mechanisms and new directions for assisting the aspirants on the path to membership. The Ministerial Meeting takes on a special importance prior to the Alliance's 2022 summit, where a new strategic concept for NATO is to be approved. Within the framework of the Ministerial Meeting, Georgia had the opportunity to voice its expectations regarding the 2022 summit. Georgia is actively involved in the process of developing NATO's 2030 strategic vision, so that important issues for Georgia are fully reflected in this strategy, which sets out the priorities for NATO for the next 10 years. It should be noted that during the preparations for the Ministerial Meeting, Georgia developed and presented to the Alliance its visions for the country's integration into NATO, in terms of strengthening both practical and political support, including reforms, as well as enhancing the country's defense capabilities and resilience. Georgia's participation in in the Meeting of NATO Ministers of Foreign Affairs indicates that the Alliance places high priority on the region's security and emphasizes our country’s special role in ensuring global and regional security. NE5A7928-tt.jpg Documents Similar News