24 May 2017 24.05.2017, Tbilisi – Within the framework of the official visit of the delegation of the European Parliament's Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze held a meeting with members of the European Parliament. The European Parliament's delegation was led by the Chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (AFET), David Mcallister and included representatives of various political groups: the European People's Party, the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats, the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance. The sides discussed topical issues relating to Georgia-EU co-operation and the democratic reforms implemented by Georgia. The Foreign Minister brought to the attention of the European Parliament’s delegation the Georgian government’s six-point plan designed to facilitate the introduction of EU standards and Georgia’s maximum rapprochement with the European Union. It was emphasized that Georgia approaches responsibly the implementation of the commitments under the Association Agreement. Besides, the country has achieved considerable progress in the implementation of the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement (DCFTA). Special attention during the meeting was paid to the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and the European Union’s role in ensuring security on the ground. The role and of European integration in terms of effectively implementing the reconciliation policy and the importance of ensuring that all benefits of such integration is accessible to each resident of Georgia’s occupied territories. The members of the European Parliament congratulated Georgia on the launch of visa-free travel with the EU/Schengen area. The sides underlined the necessity of making tangible results in the process of rapprochement with the European Union. Special attention was paid to the preparation of the fifth summit of Eastern Partnership scheduled to be held in Brussels, on 24 November. The sides exchanged views over Georgia’s expectations with respect to the Summit. The Minister expressed the hope that the summit will be oriented towards the future and will set forth plans and initiatives for further integration with the EU. On closing, Mikheil Janelidze expressed his gratitude for the European Union’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. Documents Similar News