28 October 2019 28.10.2019, Tbilisi - The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, met with the president of the National Council of Switzerland, Marina Carobio-Guscetti, who is paying an official visit to Georgia. Within the framework of the visit she participated in the ceremony of inauguration of the new building of the Swiss Embassy to Georgia. During the meeting the parties discussed issues of bilateral, as well as multilateral cooperation, welcomed the latest trend of dynamic developments in the relations between the two countries, emphasising the significance of the potential of building deeper parliamentary bonds. The parties also highlighted the prospects for Georgia and Switzerland in terms of the potential of bilateral cooperation, placing particular importance on trade and economic relations, showing high support for the activity of Swiss companies on the Georgian market. The increasing number of tourists visiting Georgia was also discussed, underscoring the appeal of Georgia as a tourist destination. During the meeting the parties deliberated regarding the situation in the occupied regions of Georgia, emphasising the severe human rights violations taking place on the ground. The Minister provided the Swiss party with the appropriate information regarding the proceedings of the Geneva International Discussions, as well as the peaceful policy and reconciliation process of the Georgian government. David Zalkaliani expressed gratitude towards the speaker of parliament for the support of Georgian sovereignty and territorial integrity, underlining the significant role of Switzerland as the mediator between Georgia and the Russian Federation. Marina Carobio-Guscetti confirmed the support of Georgian sovereignty and territorial integrity, based on the respect for the fundamental principles of international law. She stated that the approach of the Swiss party as the mediator is of highest responsibility, therefore, Switzerland will do its utmost to positively impact the issues regarding the process of peaceful regulation of the conflict. Due to the interest expressed by the Swiss party, the Georgian Foreign Minister discussed the reforms and further prospects of cooperation on the path of European, as well as Euro-Atlantic integration of Georgia. Towards the conclusion of the meeting the parties also discussed the existing reality in the region, along with the security challenges present in the Caucasus. The Minister congratulated the speaker of parliament of Switzerland upon the inauguration of the new building of the Swiss Embassy to Georgia. It is noteworthy, that the ceremonial unveiling of the aforementioned building was also attended by the Ambassador of the Confederation Helvetica (Switzerland) to the Russian Federation, Yves Rossier, who simultaneously represents the section of Georgia’s interests. The meeting with Swiss diplomats were held in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Administration of the Government. Documents Similar News