30 September 2017 30.09.2017 – The Diplomatic Representations of Georgia to Estonia, Netherlands, Slovenia, Slovakia, Armenia, Sweden, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, Italy, the Hellenic Republic, Portugal and Poland took part in the activities to celebrate the European Day of Languages. Embassy of Georgia to the Republic of Estonia participated in the Language Café event on 26 September, 2017, to celebrate the European Day of Languages. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia Tea Akhvlediani joined the opening of the event. Georgia first joind the celebrations to mark the European Day of Languages held in the House of Europe in The Hague, the Netherlands. The event was conducted under the auspices of the the Embassy of Georgia to the Netherlands. As part of the celebrations of the European Day of Languages, Georgian language lessons were conducted in seveal schools of Ljubljana, as well as at the representation of the European Commission, under the auspices of the the Embassy of Georgia to the Republic of Slovenia A corner of Georgia was co-organized by the representation of the European Commission to the Republic of Slovakia and representatives of the diplomatc corps accredited to Slovakia in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. The Embassy of Georgia to Armenia also joined the celebrations of the European Day of Languages at the Brusov State University of Languages and Social Sciences where Georgian language is taught as the second or third foreign language. The Language Café was organized at the Europe House - home for the representation of the European Commission in Stockholm where a corner of the Georgian language was displayed. The Institute of Linguistics under the Bern University hosted the Georgian language exhibition titled ,,Georgian Alphabet-Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity’. The Embassy of Georgia to the Czech Republic joined Speakdating – an event to mark the European Day of Languages. Five-minute lessons of 23 languages, including Georgian, was provided as part of this event. The European Day of Languages in Italy was hosted by the Children’s Museum “Exlore”. The Georgian Embassy to Italy brought to the attention of children the laboratory of Georgian language and felt. The stand of Georgian language and alphabet was arranged by the Embassy of Georgia in Athens as part of the celebrations of the European Day of Languages organized by the European Union National Institutes of Culture (EUNIC). Documents Similar News