18 December 2018 18.12.2018, Tbilisi – The first working panel within the framework of the Ambassadors’ Conference – 2018 dealt with the priorities of Georgia’s foreign policy and key achievements in this regard. David Zalkaliani referred to the following as the main priorities of Georgia: De-occupation of Georgia (strengthening the sovereignty of Georgia, peaceful resolution of the conflicts, implementation of the non-recognition policy); European integration (sectoral co-operation, implementation of the Association Agreement, visa free travel with the EU, high-level visits); Integration with NATO (results achieved within the summits/conferences, co-operation within the Black Sea region, important visits); Co-operation with the U.S. (successful co-operation on regional/international security issues; launch of free trade negotiations). Speaking on Georgia’s progress on the European integration path, Zalkaliani singled out for special mention the meeting held in Brussels, on 21 November, between members of the Georgian Government led by Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze and European Commissioners chaired by President of the European Commission Jean-Claude Juncker. The Foreign Minister also paid special attention to Georgia’s remarkable results in terms of NATO integration. In this regard, he highlighted the North Atlantic Council’s first meeting with Georgia and Ukraine at the level of Heads of State and Government, within the framework of the NATO Summit in Brussels, It was the first time that the high-level meeting dealt directly with Georgia-related issues at the NATO Summit. The Minister also described as dynamic co-operation within the framework of the NATO-Georgia Commission. While on the theme of co-operation with the U.S., Zalkaliani highlighted Georgian Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze’s visit to the U.S. in September and the visit of U.S. National Security Advisor John Bolton to Georgia. The Minister also paid special attention to the bipartisal bill adopted by the U.S. Congress and a number of resolutions in support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Minister spoke extensively about the foreign policy strategy for 2019-2022 and new initiatives of the Foreign Ministry, including the legal employment of Georgian citizens abroad; establishment of International Peace Forum in Tbilisi; creation of the institute of Georgia’s special minister on economic issues; establishment of Georgian Agency of Reforms and Co-operation; creation of special foundation for Georgian diaspora. Within the framework of the meeting the Deputy Foreign Ministers also spoke in detail about the key foreign policy priorities of Georgia. Documents Similar News