8 June 2017 “It is hard to overstate the US’s critical role in the formation and advancement of the young Georgian democracy” – Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said when appearing before the Conference conducted under the auspices of the Heritage Foundation and the German Marshall Fund to mark the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and the U.S. The Minister highlighted the importance of strategic partnership between the two countries saying that Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili’s recent meetings with U.S. President Donald Trump and other senior officials of the legislative and executive branches of the U.S. government. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia has many loyal friends in the Congress who are firm backers of the country’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, its successful process of democratic consolidation and economic development, and its irreversible European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations, including NATO membership. As Mikheil Janelidze said, the United States and Georgia have shared values that are based on Euro-Atlantic principles. Over the last 25 years, Georgia has made great strides in the areas of the rule of law, open governance, media pluralism, a growing economy, and a favorable investment environment, in order to make irresistible Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The Minister spoke extensively about the challenges facing Georgia and the assistance the U.S. is rendering to Georgia in overcoming these challenges. According to him “To date the U.S. has contributed over $4.6 billion in assistance for Georgia’s development. This has helped turn the country into both a regional leader of democracy and a powerhouse of economic opportunities”. The Minister also focused on the co-operation in the defence, security and economic sectors, putting special accent on Georgia’s determination to carry on our High Level Trade and Investment Dialogues with the US to explore the possibility of a mutually-beneficial bilateral Free Trade Agreement. The Minister highlighted Georgia’s important contribution to anti-terrorism efforts and its role as a reliable strategic partner in the international arena. Mikheil Janelidze paid special attention to the inadmissibility of Russia’s aggressive actions against Georgia stating that “cooperation with America and increased integration with Europe are essential to maintaining our sovereignty and ensuring our standing as an example of stability, prosperity, and democratic progress in the region”. Documents Similar News