24 September 2020 Newly appointed Azerbaijani Foreign Minister, Jeyhun Bayramov paid his first official visit to Georgia on 24 September 2020. Within the framework of the visit, he held an official meeting with his Georgian counterpart, David Zalkaliani. The two ministers discussed key issues of bilateral cooperation, including political and economic ties, trade, energy and transportation projects, culture and education, as well as security challenges, peace and stability in the region. The parties highlighted the importance of strategic partnership between the two countries that ensures stabile development of the region. Minister Zalkaliani expressed his gratitude for Azerbaijan’s firm position regarding Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrit. The parties stressed the importance of peaceful resolution of the conflicts in the region and of the need to ensure IDPs’ return to their homes in a secure and dignified manner. Discussions also focused on the significance of deepening Georgia-Azerbaijan cooperation in multilateral formats, in the areas of trade and economy, transport and energy. It was highlighted that Azerbaijan is one of Georgia’s largest trade partners and more efforts should be made towards the development of railway and other transport corridors, as well as towards the improvement of the countries’ transit potential. Highlighting the importance of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan and Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum energy projects, the Ministers stressed that the implementation of the South Energy Corridor projects will contribute to enhancing the level of security in both countries and beyond and will ensure that additional volumes of energy resources are supplied to the European markets from the Caspian Sea region. Talking points also included the state border delimitation process. Both parties expressed their interest in continuing work on resolving the state border delimitation-related issues in a spirit of strategic partnership. The parties welcomed the trilateral Azerbaijan-Georgia-Turkey cooperation format and agreed to further strengthen this format as a way to promote regional cooperation. Within the framework of the visit, Jeyhun Bayramov will also hold meetings with President Salome Zurabishvili, Prime Minister Giorgi Gakharia, and Parliament Vice-Speaker Kakhaber Kuchava. Documents Similar News