22 October 2018 22.10.2018, Malaysia – The first round of bilateral political consultations was held between the Foreign Ministries of Georgia and Malaysia in Putrajaya. The Deputy Foreign Minister, Giorgi Sharvashidze led the Georgian delegation while the Malaysian delegation was headed by the Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs,Dato' SeriRamlan Ibrahim. The first round of bilateral political consultations coincided in time with the 25thanniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Malaysia. Discussing the bilateral and multilateral co-operation agenda, the sides highlighted the possibilities of further developing trade and economic relations. Special attention was paid to the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Giorgi Sharvashidze thanked his Malaysian counterpart for his government’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and provided him with detailed information on the security challenges and difficult humanitarian situation on the ground, creeping annexation and human rights violations, the so-called treaties signed by Russia with the occupation regimes, the importance of the Geneva International Discussions and the role of Malaysia in implementing the government’s peace initiatives. The Malaysian side reaffirmed unaltered support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The sides agreed to maintain the dynamics of co-operation. Within the framework of the visit, on 22 October, the Georgian delegation held a meeting with the Deputy Foreign Minister of Malaysia, Dato'MarzukiYahya. Discussions focused on prospects for expanding political and economic relations, as well as for intensifying co-operation with the countries of the South-East Asian region. On 22 October, a meeting was held with the First Deputy Executive Director of theSmall and Medium Enterprise Corporation. The sides discussed the increasing role of small and medium businesses in the world market. Members of the Georgian delegation and representatives of the Corporation exchanged views over Georgia’s democratic and economic development, investment potential and opportunities arising out of the Free Trade Agreements signed with the leading countries of the world. Documents Similar News