28 April 2023 On 27 April 2023, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia took part in the event dedicated to King's Day organized by the Kingdom of the Netherlands. The First Deputy Minister congratulated the people of the Netherlands on King's Day and wished them success and prosperity. In his speech, Lasha Darsalia spoke about the fruitful cooperation and friendly relations between Georgia and the Kingdom of the Netherlands. He emphasized that 2022 marked 30 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries will be celebrated, and he focused on the progress achieved during these years, including in terms of political dialogue, high-level visits, and economic cooperation. Lasha Darsalia emphasized the importance of the Kingdom of the Netherlands' support for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as the country's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and expressed the hope that the Netherlands would also support granting the candidate status to Georgia. "The ongoing war in Ukraine and the extremely dangerous environment in the region have significantly increased security risks for our country, since Georgia itself is a victim of military aggression and two of its regions are occupied by Russia. In these challenging times, we greatly appreciate the strong support of the Kingdom of the Netherlands for Georgia's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as its European and Euro-Atlantic integration aspirations. The historic decision to give Georgia a European perspective motivates us to make the accession to the European Union a reality. The coming months are of special importance for us and prepare a solid ground for the next historic decision of the European Union, which implies the granting of candidate status to Georgia. We firmly believe that we will have the strong support of the Netherlands at all stages of the accession process." Lasha Darsalia also spoke about the cooperation between the two countries in the field of education. In this regard, the educational program of the Clingendail Institute, in which Georgian diplomats have been participating for many years, was especially noted. In conclusion, Lasha Darsalia expressed hope that the existing cooperation between Georgia and the Kingdom of the Netherlands will be further strengthened. Documents Similar News