2 December 2021 The Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani delivered a speech at the 28th meeting of the OSCE Ministerial Council in Stockholm. The Foreign Minister thanked the Swedish Foreign Minister as OSCE Chairman-in-Office for her effective work within the organization during the year, and stressed Georgia's active involvement in all three dimensions of the OSCE. Speaking about the importance of implementing the OSCE's founding principles, Zalkaliani noted with regret that violations of the Organization’s rules continue to be reported every year. In this context, the Minister focused on Russia's aggressive and destructive actions against other OSCE participating States. David Zalkaliani noted that despite numerous calls of the international community, Russia still defies its international obligations and refuses to implement the EU-brokered ceasefire agreement. Moscow continues to occupy and militarize Georgia's Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, conducts regular illegal military exercises, and erects new types of Berlin Walls by installing kilometres-long barbed wire fences in the heart of Georgia. The Minister also stressed that Georgia is one of the first victims of Russia's hybrid war. According to the Minister, by these actions Russia is causing harm not only to individual states, but also to the entire European security architecture. The Minister of Foreign Affairs condemned the so-called agreement on dual citizenship with the Tskhinvali region of Georgia. Zalkaliani also condemned the illegal opening of polling stations and holding of the 2021 Russian State Duma elections in Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions of Georgia. The Minister expressed concern that for 13 years now, Georgia has been facing Russia's destructive attitude towards the negotiation formats - the Geneva International Discussions and the Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism (IPRM), with Russia politicizing the purely humanitarian issues and leading the process into deadlock. The Minister also spoke about the violation of the rights and freedoms of ethnic Georgians living under the Russian occupation regime. He focused on the case of Irakli Bebua, illegally detained in Sokhumi by the Russian occupation regime, who needs medical treatment. He spoke about the recent transfer of Gennady Bestaev to the Georgian authorities by the Russian occupation regime after a serious deterioration in his health. David Zalkaliani reminded the audience of the cases of brutal murder of Georgian IDPs by the Russian occupation regimes and stressed that the perpetrators of these crimes remain unpunished. The Minister focused on Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili's List and noted that mobilization of international support for the List will help prevent similar cases in the future. David Zalkaliani also referred to the judgement of the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) on the 2008 Russia-Georgia war, establishing that the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali were occupied by the Russian Federation and that Russia exercises effective control over the occupied territories; the court recognized Russia's responsibility for violating fundamental norms of international law and human rights. The Foreign Minister noted that Georgia continues to pursue a policy of peace. Speaking about Georgia's peace initiative - "A step towards a better future" he highlighted that Georgia is stepping up efforts to restore trust between the communities divided by the occupation line. According to the Minister, Georgia provided humanitarian aid to the pandemic-affected communities of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. David Zalkaliani stressed that the international community's common strategy and approach towards Russia is crucial. The minister also noted the importance of sending a clear message to Moscow that violations of international law are unacceptable and that Russia's aggressive policy must be changed. In his speech, the Foreign Minister also spoke about the importance of promoting peace and development in the South Caucasus region. In this context, the Minister noted Georgia’s proposal to facilitate dialogue between Georgia, Azerbaijan and Armenia in various formats. At the same time, he focused on the Peace Neighbourhood Initiative voiced by the Prime Minister of Georgia at the UN General Assembly this year - the initiative, which aims to promote a platform for dialogue between the three countries of the South Caucasus. In his speech, the Minister condemned Russia's hostile rhetoric and the intensification of hostilities near the Ukrainian border. He expressed Georgia's unwavering support for Ukraine' s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. David Zalkaliani stressed Georgia's commitment to European and Euro-Atlantic integration and its unwavering course. On closing, the Foreign Minister reiterated the importance of upholding the values and principles of the OSCE and wished success to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland as incoming OSCE Chair-in-Office. Documents Similar News