31 October 2023 On 31 October 2023, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili, held a meeting with the business mission of the Netherlands, which included representatives of 14 Dutch companies, including those specializing in real estate, trade, tourism and information technologies. The business mission visited Georgia. by the organization of the Embassy of Georgia in The Hague and Honorary Consuls of Georgia in the Netherlands. The purpose of the visit is to get acquainted with the investment potential of Georgia and to find possible partners. The deputy minister welcomed the deepening of trade and economic relations between the two countries and expressed readiness for cooperation in attracting investments; He also drew attention to the efforts made by the Georgian government in the direction of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Aleksandre Khvtisiashvili informed the representatives of the delegation about the favorable investment environment and business opportunities in Georgia. It was emphasized that Georgia has free trade agreements both with the European Union and China, as well as with the countries of the region, as well as a very favourable and simplified tax system, which creates favorable conditions for successful business activities for investors. It was noted that despite the challenges in the region, Georgia has a high economic growth this year, which is the result of the country's reasonable and correct policy. Georgia's potential in real estate, logistics, transport and tourism and the growing interest of foreign investors in these areas were highlighted. It was noted that for Georgia, as a transit hub, the improvement of transport infrastructure is very important. Accordingly, the Government of Georgia is actively carrying out infrastructure construction and renovation works. Of great importance, in this regard, was the 4th Silk Road Forum held on 26-27October, which attracted high-level delegations and more than 2,300 guests. At the end of the meeting, the sides expressed readiness for future cooperation. Documents Similar News