20 January 2022 During his official visit to Lithuania, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania, GabrieliusLandsbergis. The sides reaffirmed the close friendly and partner relations between the two countries and Lithuania’s firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic Integration. "Russia's goal is to cause a strategic change in the region, targeting Georgia, Ukraine and Moldova, and their Transatlantic and European choice. Today Russia is threatening Ukraine but Georgia too is threatened. Russia wants to make invalid the choice of these countries. We cannot afford to accept this, to make this happen" - Gabrielius Ladsbergis said at the press conference following his meeting with his Georgian counterpart. The Ministers also stressed the importance of the visit in the light of the ongoing processes in the region. Their reaffirmed the partners’ united position that the Alliance's decisions on NATO's open door policy and the sovereign right of the States to decide independently on their security partners will not be revised. "The main purpose of our Western allies’ response of is to achieve the de-escalation of the situation and to find a compromise, but not on the red lines that have been clearly drawn. The red lines are the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia and Ukraine, as well as our right to choose our own security arrangements, as well as the inadmissibility of new dividing lines and new spheres of influence in Europe," Georgia's Foreign Minister said. The Ministers highlighted the importance of coordination in the ongoing dialogue with Russia, as well as of the high-level Georgia-U.S. and Georgia-NATO communication. The Discussions also focused on the situation in the occupied regions of Georgia. Talking points included the recent developments in the South Caucasus and Georgia’s neighborhood initiative. The Ministers exchanged views on Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Agenda, including the results of the Eastern Partnership Summit, Georgia's plans to apply for EU membership and the ongoing reforms planned and implemented to achieve successful integration. Within the framework of the visit, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia will hold meetings with the President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, the Speaker of the Seimas, Viktorija Čmilytė-Nielsen. Documents Similar News