24 September 2021 On 24 September 2021, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hosted a preparatory meeting for the 54th round of the Geneva International Discussions with the Co-Chairs from the EU, the UN and the OSCE. The meeting was chaired by the First Deputy Foreign Minister/Head of the Georgian Delegation to the Geneva International Discussions,Lasha Darsalia. Discussions focused on the Russian Federation’s recent steps towards the de facto annexation of the Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions, including the "delimitation-demarcation" of the occupied Abkhazian section of Georgia’s state border with Russia and Moscow's illegal attempts to incorporate a part of Aibgha village into the Russian Territory, as well as steps to implement a "program" to create a common socio-economic space between Russia and Russian-occupied Abkhazia. The sides also discussed Russia's provocative actions and illegal developments in the occupied regions and in the vicinity of the occupation line. Talking points included the ongoing borderization process, restriction of free movement, discrimination of Georgians on ethnic grounds, ban on native language education and delays in medical evacuation. The participants of the meeting strongly condemned a full ban on Georgian in schools, especially for 11th graders, of the country's Russian-occupied Gali district. Special attention was focused on the long-term closure of the so-called checkpoints across the Tskhinvali occupation line that have led to the grave humanitarian consequences in the Akhalgori district. The First Deputy Minister paid special attention to the cases of abduction and illegal detention of Georgian citizens and called for immediate release of Georgian citizens illegally detained in Tskhinvali and Sokhumi without any preconditions. Amid increasing provocations on the ground, the sides underlined the need to resume, without preconditions, Incident Prevention and Response Mechanism (IPRM) meetings in Gali and to hold regular Ergneti IPRM meetings. At the meeting with the co-chairs, the Georgian delegation again raised the need to bring justice into the murder cases of Davit Basharuli, Giga Otkhozoria and Archil Tatunashvili. Focused on the historic decision of the European Court of Human Rights, which opens a new chapter in the process of peaceful settlement of the conflict, the sides pointed out how important it is to effectively use this legal instrument for de-occupation of the Georgian territories. The First Deputy Minister stressed the need to make progress on key issues on the negotiation agenda, such as Russia's fulfillment of its international obligations under the ceasefire agreement of 12 August 2008, namely, the withdrawal of occupation forces from Georgia, non-use of force and the establishment of international security mechanisms, the safe and dignified return of refugees. He noted the need to make effective use of the format of the Geneva International Discussions to address the security and humanitarian problems of the conflict-affected population. For their part, the Co-Chairs highlighted that they will spare no effort to find effective ways to deal with the security challenges posed by the Russian occupation and to find a solution to the problems of the people affected by the Russian-Georgian conflict. The 54th round of the Geneva International Discussions will take place on 12-13 October 2021. Documents Similar News