8 July 2020 Trilateral political consultations in the format of videoconferencing was held on 8 July 2020 between the Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs,the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairsand the German Federal Foreign Office. The Georgian delegation was led by the First Deputy Foreign Minister, Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, the French delegation - by the Director for Continental Europe at the French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs, FrédéricMondoloni and the German delegation - by the Head of the Division for Central Asia and the Southern Caucasus at the German Federal Foreign Office Michael Siebert. During the consultations special attention was paid to the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic and to the foreign policy issues of priority importance to Georgia, on which the position and support of France and Germany, as well as coordinated work between them, takes on a particularly meaningful importance.Special accent was put on the ongoing process of European and Euro-Atlantic integration and the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. The German and French representatives appraised as effective and transparent Georgia’s steps towards containing COVID-19 and congratulated Georgia on this success. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, for his part, thanked the German and French sides for the assistance rendered to Georgia in dealing with the pandemic and preventing its consequences in the long-term perspective. The sides also discussed the travel regulations between the two countries during the pandemic. The First Deputy Minister highlighted Georgia’s democratic reforms, constitutional amendments adopted in June and the new election code, which the sides assessed positively. It was underlined that Georgia continues the irreversible EU and NATO integration process. The sides congratulated the German representative on Germany’s assumption of the EU Presidency from 1 July 2020. Michael Siebert spoke about Germany’s priorities during the Presidency. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili, for his part, reviewed the Association Agenda implementation process by Georgia and future priorities of cooperation. The Georgian side focused on the steps, which the Georgian Government takes, through coordination with the European partners, in order to get closer to the European family, to further deepen sectoral integration and to increase compatibility with the North-Atlantic Alliance. While on the theme of NATO, the First Deputy Foreign Minister highlighted NATO-Georgia cooperation dynamics and the progress made by Georgia on the Euro-Atlantic integration path and the importance of the decision adopted by the Allies and Georgia on the renewal of the Substantial NATO-GeorgiaPackage (SNGP). The Parties highly appraised Georgia’s participation in the NATO- and EU-led peace operations. Vakhtang Makharoblishvili also thanked the French and German Colleagues for their valuable contribution to Georgia’s integration with the western institutions. The sides expressed the hope that these two leading states will further continue to support Georgia in this regard. The security and human rights situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and the Georgian government’s efforts aimed at peaceful resolution of the conflict was high on the agenda of the trilateral consultations. It was highlighted that while the entire world is focused on the fight against the pandemic, Russia continues its illegal activities, installation of artificial barriers, and disinformation campaigns. Reaffirming their firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its successful European and Euro-Atlantic integration path, the French and German delegations held substantial discussions on concrete ways to ensure the further involvement of the French and German sides in the conflict resolution process, including within the framework of the EU and other international organizations. The participants of the consultations highlighted that having transformed itself into the role-model of democratic development in the region, Georgia will continue to keep on the political agenda of the EU, and specifically of France and Germany. The Georgian-German-French trilateral consultations were launched in 2018. the launch of the trilateral format owes a great deal to the close and dynamically growing relations with France and Germany – the two leading states of Europe, and to the interest of Georgia – the reliable partner of these two countries - in founding the high-level political dialogue in the trilateral format (Georgia-Germany-France). The first round of consultations was held on 14 November 2018, in Paris. Documents Similar News