22 December 2021 From 22 to 24 December 2021, the annual meeting of the Heads of Georgian Diplomatic Missions Abroad - "2021 Ambassadors' Annual Conference - Georgia's Foreign Policy against the Background of New Geopolitical Challenges" is held online. The conference was opened by the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs, David Zalkaliani. The President of Georgia, Salome Zourabichvili, and the Prime Minister Irakli Gharibashvili addressed the participants of the event. The Prime Minister thanked the Foreign Minister and the Diplomatic Corps for their fruitful work and reviewed important foreign policy issues, the positive results related to the country's EU and NATO integration, as well as the Prime Minister's initiative to ensure stability and long-term peace in the region. The focus was put on the development of peace strategy for de-occupation and restoration of territorial integrity, as well as on the strengthening of relations with the diaspora and their involvement in the process of rebuilding the country. The President of Georgia stressed the need to address challenges facing both the country and the world. She expressed solidarity with Ukraine in overcoming the challenges, and highlighted the role of Georgian diplomacy in the process of effectively demonstrating the country's potential and development. She briefed diplomats on the President-initiated Forum of Women Leaders to be held next year. According to Georgian Foreign Minister, within the framework of the three-day conference, foreign policy activities in 2021 will be summarized and the 2022 action plan will be discussed. According to him, Georgia in 2021 achieved tangible results internationally. Georgia's participation in NATO, OSCE and Eastern Partnership Foreign Ministerial Meetings is particularly noteworthy, so is the international community’s unwavering support for our country. A number of statements made by the partners on Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity within the framework of the OSCE Ministerial Meeting also deserve to be noted. Of great importance was the Prime Minister’s participation in the Eastern Partnership Summit and his efforts to ensure that Georgia's expectations are maximally reflected in the final declaration. David Zalkaliani also clarified that the ambassadors' conference will discuss the main challenges of 2021, including the issue of Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity and the Russian Federation’s aggressive policy. As for the future plans, the conference will focus on the next year's action plan which will put Georgia’s NATO and EU integration, completion of work on de-occupation strategy and regional policy will be atop the list of priorities. Documents Similar News