12 June 2023 "The Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Principality of Liechtenstein paid her first official visit to Georgia, which is an event of historical significance for our bilateral relations. At the same time, we consider this visit as a demonstration of support for our country at this important juncture, against the background of the security challenges facing the region” - the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili said at the briefing following his meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Liechtenstein, Dominique Hasler. According to the minister, Dominique Hasler's visit will give a strong impetus to the strengthening of trade and economic ties and to the maximum use of the existing potential in this regard, based on the free trade agreement with the European Free Trade Association, of which Liechtenstein is a member. Ilia Darchiashvili drew special attention to the attractiveness of Georgia's economic profile for European partners. According to him, "Georgia, as a transport hub of the region and a reliable transit partner, actively participates in projects and initiatives of strategic importance, contributes to the strengthening of Europe's energy security and to the development of green, renewable energy." Along with the mutually beneficial cooperation, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia thanked his Lichtenstein colleague for supporting the national interests of Georgia, including within the framework of international organizations. According to the minister, when it comes to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, Liechtenstein is a reliable and trustworthy partner of Georgia. In this regard, he expressed special gratitude for the very fact that the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Liechtenstein visited the occupation line immediately upon her arrival in Georgia and got briefed about the difficult situation on the ground. The minister paid special attention to the severe security environment in the region being the result of Russia’s full-scale military aggression against Ukraine. He also particularly noted the important role Georgia plays in ensuring peace and stability in the region. Ilia Darchiashvili emphasized that both regional and European security is based on the protection of the international order based on the principles of international law, and this is the value, which all European states share. Documents Similar News