18 November 2025 On 18 November 2025, at the 1543rd meeting of the Committee of Ministers’ Deputies of the Council of Europe, the 32nd Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe on the “Conflict in Georgia” was examined. Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lasha Darsalia participated in the meeting. The Secretary General’s 32nd report describes the grave security, human rights, and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and along the occupation line. The report, issued twice a year, covers developments and new facts concerning the occupied territories during the period of April-September 2025. The 32nd Consolidated Report was presented by the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Alain Berset. He reaffirmed his firm support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and confirmed that the Council of Europe, within its mandate, will continue its engagement, including through the established practice of adopting consolidated reports. Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lasha Darsalia addressed the participants of the meeting. He expressed his gratitude to the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and to the Committee of Ministers for the adoption of the consolidated report, emphasizing that this once again demonstrates the continued relevance of the issue on the Council of Europe’s agenda.Lasha Darsalia briefed the participants on the situation in the occupied territories during the reporting period, the violations by Russia of the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 ceasefire agreement, and the strengthening of Russia’s effective control over Georgia’s territory. The Georgian side raised serious concerns regarding the grave security, humanitarian, and human rights situation in the occupied regions, as well as the destructive actions of the occupying regimes. Concern was expressed over the recent unlawful developments. He stressed the importance of enabling internally displaced persons and refugees to return to their homes in safety and dignity. Deputy Minister Darsalia also highlighted the rulings of the European Court of Human Rights, which confirm Russia’s occupation and effective control over the regions of Georgia, and underscored the need for full implementation of these judgments. The Deputy Minister also touched upon the dynamics of the Geneva International Discussions, including the 65th round. In conclusion, he reaffirmed the Government of Georgia’s firm commitment to the peaceful resolution of the conflict. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Georgia welcomes the adoption of the 32nd Consolidated Report of the Secretary General of the Council of Europe and underscores the importance of the regular consideration of this issue within the Council of Europe’s political agenda. Documents Similar News