28 May 2017 28.05.2017, Tbilisi - “We pursue NATO integration with diligence and perseverance, which enabled the Allies to recognize that Georgia has all practical tools to prepare for the membership. We will continue on this road with the same vigor in order to accomplish the quest of the Georgian people and become the fully-fledged member of the Alliance” - Georgian Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze said when speaking before the Political Committee during the NATO Parliamentary Assembly in Tbilisi. According to the Minister, since the day of regaining independence about 26 years ago Georgia has been aspiring to join the European family of nations. These aspirations, which were defined by the resolute choice of the Georgian people, are manifested in Georgia’s declared foreign policy. Mikheil Janelidze spoke about a series of fundamental reforms implemented by Georgia and steps taken towards improving the rule of law, open governance, media pluralism, growing economy and favorable investment environment, by which Georgia has improved its scores in all international rankings and has come even closer to its goal of European and Euro-Atlantic integration. The Minister said that Georgia progresses well on its way to NATO integration using the NATO-Georgia Commission (NGC), Annual National Program (ANP) and NATO-Georgia Substantial Package. The Minister thanked all Allied and Partner countries, who are contributing to the SNGP. Through their joint efforts, Joint Training and Evaluation Center (JTEC) and the Defence Institution Building (DIB) School have become operational. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia has been actively contributing to the common Euro-Atlantic security, particularly through its sustained engagement in the Afghanistan. Georgia has also been actively involved in a number of EU-led crises management missions. The Allied decisions at Warsaw summit to bolster NATO’s collective defence and deterrence reflect the changed security environment in the Euro-Atlantic area. As an aspirant country and a reliable partner, Georgia supports NATO’s enhanced tailored presence in the Black Sea region and is ready to contribute to the efforts of the Alliance in this regard. “I would like to emphasize the critical importance of continuation of NATO open door policy. Taking forward Georgia’s NATO membership process would be the right step in this direction, which would send a strong signal that reemergence of the spheres of influence and attempts to limit the foreign policy choice of sovereign states are unacceptable and indeed impossible in the 21st century” – Mikheil Janelidze said. Documents Similar News