12 October 2023 On 11 October, the eighth meeting of the 4th thematic group of the EU-Georgia Association subcommittee on economic and sectoral cooperation ‘Information society; Audiovisual and media fields; Science and technologies; Education, training and youth; Culture, sports, and physical activity’ was held in Brussels. From the Georgian side, the meeting was headed by Davit Bujiashvili, director of the Department of EU Assistance Coordination and Sectoral Integration of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and from the EU side – by Eduard Auer, the head of the Regional Eastern Partnership and OSCE Division of the European External Action Service, on the EU side. During the session, Discussions focused on Georgia’s efforts in the fields of education, science, culture, sports, youth, audiovisual policy, information society and technology management over the last year. The EU side positively assessed the reforms carried out in the field of education and science, successful cooperation within the ERASMUS and Horizon programs, and Georgia's participation in the European School of Skills. Among 141 partner countries of ERASMUS, Georgia ranks 6th in terms of student mobility. Georgia's participation in the EUROPALIA festival and the country's involvement in the "Creative Europe" program were positively evaluated. The European side welcomed the adoption of the youth strategy and action plan and the holding of the European Sports Week in Georgia. Discussions focused on cooperation in the audiovisual and media spheres, including the ongoing work to bring Georgia's legislation closer to the European Union's directive, which envisages making changes to the "Law on Broadcasting". Positive appraisal was given to the adoption of the law on Sharing of Telecommunication Infrastructure and Infrastructure Used for Telecommunication Purposes and the Law on Electronic Commerce. The meeting was attended by the representatives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Education and Science, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Youth, the Ministry of Economy and Sustainable Development and the National Communications Commission, and from the European side – by representatives of the European Commission, the European External Action Service and the EU Delegation to Georgia. Documents Similar News