27 July 2023 On 26 July 2023, another round of political consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of Georgia and Bulgaria was held in Sofia. The Georgian delegation was headed by Deputy Minister Teimuraz Janjalia, while the Bulgarian delegation was led by Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Tihomir Stoychev. During the consultations, the sides discussed the agenda of bilateral and multilateral cooperation between Georgia and Bulgaria. Close friendly relations between the two countries, based on centuries-old ties and people-to-people contacts, were also noted. Teimuraz Janjalia thanked his Bulgarian counterpart for his strong support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Georgia, including Bulgaria’s contribution to the EUMM. The Georgian deputy minister also noted Bulgaria’s significant contribution to the process of Georgia’s European and Euro-Atlantic integration. When discussing the bilateral cooperation, the sides gave a positive assessment to the relations at the political level. The sides noted the need to activate the dynamics of high-level visits and emphasized prospects for the development of trade and economic cooperation between the two countries. It was noted that considering the strategic location of Georgia and Bulgaria, there is a large unexploited potential in this direction. Discussions, in this context, focused on the need to increase ferry traffic between the ports of Georgia and Bulgaria was discussed. During the consultations, the existing cooperation within international organizations was also highlighted. Significant attention was paid to relations with the European Union, as well as to the integration of Georgia into NATO. At the meeting, significant attention was paid to the progress in terms of Georgia's accession to the European Union. The Bulgarian side once again confirmed its support for Georgia's European perspective and the country's efforts to join the European Union. Both sides emphasized the importance of continuing reforms. Teimuraz Janjalia spoke in detail about the progress achieved in terms of fulfilling the 12 priorities and reviewed the concrete steps that the country has taken since applying for EU membership. In this context, special emphasis was placed on the importance of the partners’ firm support in this process. Speaking about the foreign policy priorities, the sides also reviewed the issues relating to Black Sea security and Georgia-NATO cooperation in this context. Georgia's contribution to NATO's peacekeeping missions and the need for active support of partner countries on Georgia's path to NATO membership were also emphasized. The situation in the occupied territories of Georgia was discussed in detail at the meeting. Teimuraz Janjalia briefed the Bulgarian side in detail about the security challenges and the dire humanitarian situation on the ground, including the facts of creeping annexation and human rights violations. The conversation also touched on the Geneva international Discussions and the crucial role of the support of the international community, including of the European Union, in the process of implementing the Georgian government’s peace initiatives. At the end of the consultations, the sides agreed to strengthen cooperation in various directions and maintain active communication. Documents Similar News