18 December 2018 18.12.2018, Tbilisi - Ambassadors’ Conference 2018 – Georgian Diplomacy: Advancing Freedom, Prosperity and Development was officially launched today in Tbilisi. Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani opened the Conference. Prime Minister Mamuka Bakhtadze and Vice Speaker of the Parliament Tamar Chugoshvili spoke before the attending audience. In his speech David Zalkaliani highlighted the importance of diplomatic activities. “The clever use of Georgia’s strategic location since the restoration of independence, Georgia’s European choice and the successful process of integration with the EU and NATO have combined to make Georgia a European democracy prepared for dealing with the existing challenges and for ensuring stabile development – this is the cornerstone of the Georgian Government’s activities and the goals the Georgian diplomatic corps has set itself to achieve“ – David Zalkaliani said. The Foreign Minister highlighted the Georgian diplomats’ contribution towards the strengthening of European and Euro-Atlantic integration, trade-economic relations, sovereignty and territorial integrity, co-operation with partners in bilateral and multilateral formats. Zalkaliani also spoke about the efforts of Georgian diplomacy towards the protection of human rights in the occupied territories and confidence building between the communities torn apart by the war. “We have been actively working with individual countries, as well as at the level of international organizations. And as a result of our efforts, we have secured important decisions by Lithuania, European Parliament, OSCE Group of Friends of Georgia, Ireland and the U.S. on imposing restrictive sanctions on persons on the “Otkhozoria-Tatunashvili List”, for which we express our sincere gratitude” – Zalkaliani said. The Minister paid special attention to issues relating to co-operation with NATO, the EU and the key strategic partner of Georgia – the U.S. “We have made important achievements in terms of integration with NATO and the EU. Highly appraising our reforms, NATO and the EU have taken concrete steps towards Georgia. Of particular note, in this context, is the NATO Brussels Summit within the framework of which the North Atlantic Council held its first meeting on Georgia at the level of Heads of State and Government. The NATO-Georgia Commission adopted for the first time the Joint Declaration which covers all priority areas of NATO-Georgia relations and reaffirms its commitment to the Bucharest Summit Decision and to practical co-operation with Georgia in strengthening Black Sea security. Also of great importance was the North Atlantic Council’s meeting with the Foreign Ministers of Georgia and Ukraine” – the Minister said. According to him, “2018 was an eventful year in terms of relations and high-level communication with the U.S. – Georgia’s strategic partner, as well as from the standpoint of the U.S. Administration’s strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic integration path, to which attests the Bipartisan Georgia Support Act unanimously approved by the U.S. Congress. It is the first case when the bill of such importance and content is adopted by the U.S. Congress and we hope it will pass through all necessary procedures and will be approved by the Senate” – Zalkaliani said. Documents Similar News