9 September 2019 09.09.2019, Tbilisi – Georgian Foreign Minister David Zalkaliani held a meeting with his Lithuanian counterpart, Linas Linkevičius who arrived for an official visit in Georgia. According to the Minister, high appraisal was given to the historical friendship between Georgia and Lithuania and Lithuania’s strong support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity as well as for its European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. “Lithuania is Georgia’s closest ally. We highly value the friendship and commitment Lithuania, and Linas Linkevičius, in particular, has shown to Georgia for many years” – Zalkaliani said. According to him, the Ministers highly appraised the ongoing political dialogue between the two countries, the dynamics of exchanging high- and highest-level visits and fruitful co-operation between the legislative bodies and various sectoral agensies of the two countries. Speaking about the trade relations, Zalkaliani said that the number of tourists from Lithuania to Georgia keeps increasing that is further facilitated by direct flights between Kutaisi and Vilnius. Special accent was put on Georgia’s progress in terms of European integration. “It was highlighted that Georgia is the leader among East European partners. We are successfully implementing the European integration roadmap and the Association Agenda. Lithuania’s support and assistance in speeding up Georgia’s integration processes enables us to take more effective steps for functionally preparing the country for its ultimate goal - membership in the EU” - Zalkaliani said. Discussions during the meeting focused on Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration as well. “We support Georgia’s steps towards European integration. We always say that Georgia is the leader. And we have to expand our activities in support for Georgia’s integration with NATO. Georgia already acts as a member of NATO by participating in the NATO-led missions and contributing to its security” – the Lithuanian Foreign Minister said at the joint press-conference. The sides spoke extensively about the difficult security and humanitarian situation in Georgia’s occupied territories. Zalkaliani said that the illegal borderization process taking place in the Tskhinvali region is unacceptable to the Lithuanian Foreign Minister. “I’d like to express solidarity with Georgia and condemn all actions of Russia undertaken with respect to the so-called elections and boderization in the occupaied territories” - Linas Linkevičius said. Within the framework of Linas Linkevičius’ visit, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs hosted the 6th meeting of the Georgia-Lithuania European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Commission, within the framework of which the sides signed a joint protocol. According to the Ministers, this format of cooperation is very important as it allows the sides to assess the progress in the implementation of the European and Euro-Atlantic agenda. 2019 marks the 25th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between Georgia and Lithuania and the 10th anniversary of Tbilisi-Vilnius twinning. Vilnius Park will open in Tbilisi to celebrate this occasion. ოქმი Documents Similar News