20 April 2022 The First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Lasha Darsalia, met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe, Marija Pejčinović Burić, on 20 April. During the meeting, the Deputy Foreign Minister briefed the Secretary General on the current security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia. The Deputy Foreign Minister stressed the importance of keeping Georgia's occupied regions high on the Council of Europe's agenda and thanked the Secretary General for preparing a consolidated report on the situation in the occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. He also focused on the decisions taken by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. According to Darsalia, the decisions are important legal and political documents whereby the international community assesses the dire situation in the regions of Georgia occupied by Russia. Discussions also focused on the dire situation created by Russia as a result of the ongoing unjustified military aggression against Ukraine. It was noted that Russia's aggression against its neighbors in violation of international law and rules-based international order has already become part of established practice, and that Georgia was one of the first countries to come under Russian aggression. The First Deputy Minister condemned Russia's aggression against Ukraine, which is a gross violation of the fundamental principles of international law, including the Charter of the Council of Europe, and reaffirmed Georgia's solidarity with Ukraine and the Ukrainian people and its unwavering support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty within its internationally recognized borders. The Deputy Foreign Minister stressed the importance of adherence with the principles of international law and welcomed the decision of the Council of Europe to expel Russia from the organization. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe stressed that consolidated reports are highly important and that this practice will continue in the future. Reaffirming the close cooperation between Georgia and the Council of Europe, the sides discussed current issues on the agenda and highlighted the importance of Council of Europe Action Plan for Georgia 2020-2023. At the end of the meeting, the Secretary General commended Georgia as successful chair of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe (November 2019-May 2020), which left a very strong legacy in the organization. Documents Similar News