9 August 2019 The UN Security Council discussed the situation in Georgia at its closed session chaired by Poland, on 8 August 2019. Following the session, the permanent representatives of Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Poland, the United Kingdom and the United States to the United Nations released a joint statement on the eleventh anniversary of 2008 Russia-Georgia war. The joint statement reads that little progress has been made on conflict resolution since since the conflict between Russia and Georgia and the signing of the Agreements of 12 August. The sides firmly support Georgia’s independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. The statement indicates that Russia’s recognition of the so-called independence of South-Ossetia and Abkhazia and the deepening of its security relationship with both de facto authorities demonstrate a lack of respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors and for the rules-based international order. The sides reaffirm in the statement that they are extremely concerned about the intensification of the so-called borderisation process. These acts prolong the conflict, while destabilizing Georgia and the region as a whole. Today we call again on the Russian Federation to fully implement her obligations under the Agreements of 12 August and 8 September 2008 to ensure that armed forces withdraw to positions held before hostilities began, and to establish an international security mechanism. Based on the statement, the partners reiterate their support for the respect and protection of the human rights of IDPs and refugees in particular with regard to their voluntary, safe, dignified and unhindered return to their homes in accordance with international law. According to them, the topic of refugees and IDPs is at the core of the mandate of the Geneva International Discussions. The partners call on the authorities exercising effective control over the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia to facilitate access to these regions for the relevant humanitarian and human rights actors. “We remain steadfast in our support for a peaceful resolution of the conflict in Georgia and encourage all parties to redouble their efforts within the Geneva International Discussions” – reads the statement. Documents Similar News