29 June 2022 The Georgian delegation led by the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lasha Darsalia participates in the OSCE Annual Security Review Conference (ASRC), on 28 and 29 June 2022. At a special session on the security situation in the OSCE area, Lasha Darsalia spoke on June 28 about the Russian-Georgian conflict, the situation in the Russian-occupied regions of Georgia and the ongoing Russian aggression against Ukraine. The First Deputy Minister noted that Russia's unjustified aggression against Ukraine, which grossly violates international law, creates an unprecedented humanitarian and security crisis worldwide that has not occurred since World War II. He spoke in detail about the catastrophic consequences of this aggression and stressed that Georgia stands in solidarity with Ukraine and its people and strongly supports Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders, including Crimea and Donbas. Lasha Darsalia called on Russia to stop the brutal aggression and withdraw its forces from the territory of Ukraine. In his speech, Lasha Darsalia noted that Georgia became the first victim of Russian aggression in 2008 and to this day, 14 years later, the country is still experiencing the consequences of Russia's occupation of two regions of Georgia. The Deputy Minister briefed the audience on the difficult human rights, security and humanitarian situation in the Russian-occupied Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. In this context, Lasha Darsalia focused on the most important decision of the European Court of Human Rights in 2021, according to which Russia was recognized as a party to the conflict, as a force exercising effective control in the regions of Georgia and responsible for gross human rights violations on the ground. Lasha Darsalia reaffirmed that Georgia is committed to the peaceful settlement of the conflict and is doing everything possible to help the people living in the territories of Russian-occupied Georgia. Lasha Darsalia stressed the importance of the Geneva International Discussions as the only format for fulfilling the 2008 EU-brokered ceasefire agreement signed by Russia. In his speech, the First Deputy Foreign Minister also stressed the importance of ensuring security and stability in the region and of the OSCE involvement in this regard. During his visit to Vienna, the Georgian First Deputy Foreign Minister held bilateral meetings with the OSCE Secretary General, Helga Schmidt, representatives of the Georgian Group of Friends of the OSCE, the Head of the EU Delegation to the OSCE, Rasa Ostrauskaite, and the U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs, Christopher Robinson. Documents Similar News