10 April 2019 10.04.2019, Strasbourg – According to the Georgian Foreign Minister, the Prime Minister’s visit to Strasbourg, as well as events scheduled to take place within the framework of the visit to mark the 20th anniversary of Georgia’s membership in the Council of Europe are of paramount importance, with due regard for the fact that Georgia becomes the chair of the Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly. “Georgia becomes the chair of PACE in November, which is, first of all, a clear proof of recognition of the Georgian Government’s reforms. The Prime Minister spoke through this very prism about the progress Georgia has achieved over the past 20 years” – David Zalkaliani said. Assessing the Prime Minister’s address at the Council of Europe, David Zalkaliani said that Mamuka Bakhtadze put special accent on the challenges facing Georgia. “The Georgian Prime Minister spoke about the overwhelming challenges facing Georgia that are connected to the country’s security, territorial integrity and occupation. He strongly condemned Russia’s illegal actions, including illegal detentions over the recent period leading to the death in suspicious circumstances of the Georgian citizen” – Zalkaliani said. According to Zalkaliani, It is necessary to keep the international community up-to-date on the situation in Georgia’s occupied territories and to ensure that they duly react to any illegal action committed by Russia on the ground. “De-occupation, humanitarian catastrophe and the grave situation in the occupied territories – these are the themes on which the Prime Minister focused in his address. He also paid special attention to the Government’s peace policy and the consistent conflict resolution process in which the international community is actively involved. He also highlighted the ongoing reforms towards strengthening the democratic institution and the rule of law, as well as the economic and educational reforms, which are one of the key priorities of the government of Georgia and we have very ambitious plans in this regard” – Zalkaliani added. The Minister emphasized that Mamuka Bakhtadze provided comprehensive answers to all questions during the debate. Documents Similar News