23 September 2020 The Georgian Foreign Minister, David Zalkaliani, participated in the celebrations of the international peace day. The video-conference, organised by the Deputy Minister for the issues of Reconciliation and Civil Equality, concerned the issue of: “Implementation of a people-oriented peaceful policy in Georgia during the Pandemic”. The Minister addressed the conference regarding the main topic of discussion. In his address Zalkaliani underscored the particular importance of peace for Georgia. “Peace and peaceful resolution of conflicts is a well-deliberated and responsible choice of the Georgian people. The Government is particularly active on the international arena, ensuring that the necessity for peaceful resolution of the Russo-Georgian conflict remains high on the agenda of the international community. The aim of the peaceful policy of our Government is to re-establish trust between peoples devided by the occupation line in order to reconcile them” – stated the Minister. The Foreign Minister also discussed the efforts exerted by the Georgian Government in terms of ensuring full support for the population living across the occupation line during the COVID-19 Pandemic. According to the statement of the Minister, the substantial support provided by the Georgian Government in terms of humanitarian held stands out as another case of the people-oriented peaceful policy of Georgia. In his address Zalkaliani noted, that Georgia highly appreciates the support of the international community along with efforts to peacefully resolve the conflict. This support, despite various challenges, has remained steadily high throughout the years. Our strategic partners continue to take more stringent positions against Russia’s aggressive behaviour, which is aimed towards destabilising the entire region of Eastern Europe, dismantling the normative international system. The event was also attended by the Minister for Reconciliation and Social Equality, Tea Akhvlediani, Special Representative of the EU for crisis management in Southern Caucasus and Georgia, Toivo Klaar, the German Ambassador to Georgia, Hubert Knirsch, Head of USAID in Georgia, Tengiz Pkhaladze; as well as other representative of the accredited diplomatic corps in Georgia, along with representative of international organisations and members of the civil society. Documents Similar News