18 October 2021 On 18 October, the Vice Prime Minister/Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, David Zalkaliani met with Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic Ivan Korčok, who is paying an official visit to Georgia. During the meeting, the sides highlighted the traditionally friendly relations and close partnership between the two countries and discussed current issues of bilateral relations, as well as prospects for future cooperation. Particular attention was paid to the development of trade, economic and tourism relations. The Georgian-Slovak Business Forum taking place during the Slovak Foreign Minister’s visit to Georgia will play a major role in this regard. The meeting also focused on Georgia's European integration agenda and its progress on the path to European integration. The Ministers exchanged views over the forthcoming Eastern Partnership Summit. As David Zalkaliani highlighted at the joint press conference after the meeting, it is important to reiterate the importance of Eastern Partnership policy and the need for differentiated approaches towards countries with greater aspirations and progress. David Zalkaliani thanked his Slovak counterpart for his practical support to Georgia and for Slovakia's assistance in the development of various sectors in Georgia. "Georgia takes a priority place in the Slovak Development Cooperation Strategy, which is yet another clear proof of our excellent relations," Zalkaliani said. Discussions also focused on the security, human rights and humanitarian situation in the occupied territories of Georgia, including on the facts of "borderization", restriction of freedom of movement, as well as kidnappings and illegal detentions. The Georgian Foreign Minister thanked his Slovak counterpart for Slovakia’s strong support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity on all international platforms. "It is very valuable that Slovakia strongly supports Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as our country's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Slovakia makes a significant contribution to the work of the EU Monitoring Mission," said David Zalkaliani. The two foreign ministers stressed the importance of continuing the bilateral political dialogue and the practice of high-level meetings. Within the framework of his official visit to Georgia, Ivan Korčok will hold meetings with the Prime Minister of Georgia, Irakli Gharibashvili and the Chairman of the Parliament, Kakha Kuchava. The Slovak Foreign Minister will also visit the occupation line and get acquainted with the situation on the ground. Documents Similar News