3 February 2023 “The results in the European Commission’s report are the outcome of the correct, consistent reforms carried out by the Georgian Government and its European political course, which is one of the main directions of our foreign policy”, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Ilia Darchiashvili said at the briefing while evaluating the analytical report published by the European Commission on Georgia. According to him, the European Commission’s report assessing the degree of Georgia’s legislative and institutional rapprochement with the European Union and the effectiveness of the reforms carried out by the country within the framework of sectoral integration with the European Union, is quite positive and recognizes Georgia's significant progress in almost all fields. "The report positively evaluates Georgia’s efforts towards ensuring the country's legislative and institutional compatibility with the European Union. This demonstrates once again that Georgia is undoubtedly the leader in terms of sectoral reforms. As you know, the degree of rapprochement with the EU legislation is the most important prerequisite for EU membership, without which EU membership is practically impossible," Darchiashvili explained, emphasizing that the document also reflects significant progress in terms of implementing obligations within the framework of the deep and free trade space with the EU. “The report positively assesses Georgia’s efforts in the areas ensuring the country’s legislative and institutional alignment with the EU, emphasizing that Georgia is the leader in terms of sectoral reform. I would like to emphasize that 12 priorities outlined by the European Council are being successfully implemented; some of them have been fully implemented, some of the legislative acts have been sent to the Venice Commission for its opinion, and there are several priorities where no progress can be made without the involvement and participation of the opposition… here too we hope that the country's European integration is a national priority for all political forces and they will make their own contribution to the historic cause called the country's EU membership. We hope that the European side when making a political decision at the end of this year, will take into account the results of the fulfillment of 12 priorities, as well as the progress highlighted in the report, which is an important element on the path to full EU membership.” - the Minister explained. According to the Minister, the report is once again a clear confirmation that Georgia deserves to be granted the candidate status, and by all parameters maintains its leadership in terms of the implementation of reforms adopted within the framework of European integration”. Documents Similar News