12 May 2021 On 12 May 2021, the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe adopted the 8th decision on the agenda item “Council of Europe and the conflict in Georgia” The document adopted by the Committee of Ministers establishes the responsibility of the Russian Federation for grave human rights violations during the period of occupation of the Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions. Like the previous decisions, the document refers to international obligations of Russia. It needs to be highlighted that the decision adopted in 2021 welcomes the judgment of the European Court of Human Rights in the caseGeorgia v. Russiathat established the responsibility of the Russian Federation for grave human rights violations during the period of occupation ofthe Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia following the August 2008 war, as the State exercising effective control over those regions, including the killing, torture, ill-treatment and arbitrary detention of Georgian civilians and military personnel; the looting and burning of Georgian homes; the inhuman treatment of Georgians targeted as an ethnic group; and deprivation of the right of IDPs and refugees to return to their homes. The Committee of Ministers called on the Russian Federation to execute the judgment of the European Court of Human Rights in the case Georgia v. Russia. The decision maintains that Russia’s continuing military presencein Georgia impedes the peaceful conflict resolution process and undermines the security and stability in the wider region and violates the international obligations and commitments, including under the EU-mediated 12 August 2008 Ceasefire Agreement. The Committee of Ministers expresses grave concern over impunity concerning the deaths of Georgian IDPs and calls on Russia to remove any obstacles to ending impunity in cases concerning the murder of ethnic Georgians in Georgia’s Abkhazia and Tskhinvali regions; thedocument recalls the “Otkhozaria-Tatunashvili List” adopted by the Parliament of Georgia, and the national restrictive measures decided on by the Georgian Government against those responsible for grave human rights abuses in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia. The documentexpresses grave concern over the decision to prolong for more than twelve yearstheillegal detention of Georgian citizen Zaza Gakheladze, who was shot and wounded during his detention and calls for immediately release of Zaza Gakheladze and all other illegal detainees. The Committee of Ministers calls on Russia to ensure that the Commissioner for Human Rights and Council of Europe monitoring bodies are granted access to the Georgian regions concerned. The Committee of Ministers encourages the Commissioner for Human Rights to follow the deteriorating human rights situation in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali region/South Ossetia. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs welcomes the unprecedented decision of the Council of Europe Committee of Ministers on the Conflict in Georgia and thanks the CoE Member States for its firm support and cooperation. ​CM Decision on the conflict in Georgia Documents Similar News