22 December 2025 The annual meeting of the heads of Georgia’s diplomatic representations abroad - the Ambassadors’ Conference - was officially launched in Tbilisi on 22 December 2025. The conference was opened with welcoming remarks by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Maka Botchorishvili. The Minister emphasized that the prevailing security challenges and ongoing geopolitical shifts further heighten the responsibility for effectively realizing Georgia’s principal foreign policy priorities. “Today, more than ever, the effective implementation of a consistent, pragmatic and national interest-driven foreign policy is essential for safeguarding peace in our country”. The Minister underscored Georgia’s emerging economic opportunities and the country’s significant role in the regional transit and logistics sector. “As the country continues to develop, Georgia’s prospects are evolving and new opportunities are opening up. International trade turnover continues to grow, Georgia’s role in the regional transit and logistics sector is becoming more firmly established and investor interest in our country is increasing”, stated Maka Botchorishvili, noting that the contribution of Georgian diplomats to these achievements has been substantial. The head of the foreign ministry spoke at length about the importance of the Ministry’s role in countering misleading narratives and safeguarding Georgia’s national interests, noting that in recent times external interference targeting Georgia’s political choices, stability and the credibility of its institutions has emerged as a significant challenge for the country. It is noteworthy that the audience was also addressed by the President of Georgia, Mikheil Kavelashvili, Prime Minister Irakli Kobakhidze, Chairman of Parliament Shalva Papuashvili; and the chorbishop of the Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia, Metropolitan Theodore of Akhaltsikhe and Tao-Klarjeti, who conveyed the Patriarch’s address to the conference participants. Within the framework of the 2025 Ambassadors’ Conference, held from 22 to 25 December, participants will review the key achievements and challenges of the country’s foreign policy and discuss future plans and priorities. Documents Similar News