4 June 2018 04.06.2018, Tbilisi - The Georgian Vice Prime Minister, Foreign Minister Mikheil Janelidze participated in the conference held in Tbilisi on the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package initiative. Mikheil Janelidze spoke before the participants of the meeting highlighting the importance of of the NATO-Georgia Substantial Package as a unique instrument of Georgia’s integration with NATO. According to the Minister, the SNGP was launched between Georgia and the alliance not only for advancing Georgia’s integration with NATO, but also for strengthening Georgia’s defence capabilities and interoperability with NATO. “SNGP is a truly unique instrument that no other aspirant country has had in its tool box. Its scope and aims are impressive, as is the progress in the implementation that we have had so far” – Mikheil Janelidze said. The Foreign Minister paid special attention to remarkable progress achieved in Defence regorms, which makes Georgia more secure and Georgia’s path to NATO membership irreverselble. According to Mikheil Janelidze, Georgia is committed to effectively use all integration instruments to move closer to the key main objectives of its foreign and security policy – the membership in North Atlantic Treaty Organization. We have long proven to be a reliable and capable partner of the Alliance demonstrating that aspirant Georgia, while steadily progressing on the membership path, already behaves like an Ally. As stated by the Alliance, Georgia has all practical tools to prepare for the membership. We strongly believe that Georgia’s overall performance, successful reforms and commitment to Euro-Atlantic security create a solid basis for taking further both political and practical dimensions of our integration. We expect the Summit to send the message of Georgia’s progress on membership path and Georgia’s achievements will duly reflected in the discussions, as well as the Summit decisions on Open Door Policy” - Mikheil Janelidze said. Documents Similar News