31 May 2022 On 31 May 2022, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Georgia, Teimuraz Janjalia hosted a delegation of the Latvian Parliament headed by the Deputy Chair of the European Affairs Committee of the Saeima, Uldis Budriķis. At the meeting, the sides discussed issues relating to bilateral relations between the two countries, emphasizing the traditionally friendly and partner relations between Georgia and Latvia. Teimuraz Janjalia thanked the Latvian parliamentarians for their strong support for the country's sovereignty, territorial integrity and Georgia's foreign priorities. The sides focused on Georgia's progress on EU integration. The sides discussed the application made by Georgia and the Associated Trio for EU membership and its subsequent procedures, emphasizing the need for continued support of the EU and Partner countries at this crucial time, which will respond to the challenges facing the Associated Trio, including Georgia. The sides discussed the situation in the light of the ongoing large-scale aggression by Russia against Ukraine. The Deputy Minister reiterated Georgia's solidarity with Ukraine and reaffirmed its readiness to continue its political and humanitarian support for Ukraine. The sides highlighted the ongoing processes in the South Caucasus and Georgia’s role in this regard. The conversation also focused on the challenges facing Georgia, in terms of the difficult security environment in the region and the occupation of Georgian territories by Russia. Teimuraz Janjalia provided the Latvian side with detailed information on the gross human rights violations in the territories occupied by the Russian Federation; The need for the partners’ consolidated position for maintaining the urgency of the issue on the international agenda was underlined. Uldis Budriķis reaffirmed Latvia's unwavering support for Georgia's sovereignty and territorial integrity, as well as for Georgia's European and Euro-Atlantic integration process. Documents Similar News