The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Michel Xavier Biang (Gabon): The members of the Security Council expressed their deep disappointment at the passing of the 2 October deadline to extend the Yemen truce by six months. They welcomed the Government of Yemen’s engagement with the efforts of the Special Envoy and stressed that the Houthis’ maximalist demands in the final days of negotiations had hindered the United Nations efforts to broker agreement, risking negative consequences. They reiterated their expectation that the parties find a way forward to reinstate the truce. The members of the Security Council underscored that the past six months had brought more calm and security than at any point in the past eight years, including a sharp reduction in civilian casualties, as well as the Government of Yemen’s efforts in enabling fuel to flow into Hudaydah and commercial flights to and from Sana’a. The members of the Security Council underscored that with an extension to the truce, these benefits for the Yemeni people would continue to grow, including paying Yemen’s teachers, nurses, and other civil servants, opening roads in Taiz and around the country, expanding international flights and ensuring that fuel flows more freely into Hudaydah port. The members of the Security Council reiterated their support for the United Nations Special Envoy and underlined that an extension would also provide the opportunity to reach a ceasefire and ultimately a Yemeni-led inclusive and comprehensive political settlement, with the full, equal and meaningful participation of women, under the auspices of the United Nations, based on the agreed references and in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions, with the intention of addressing the broader issues underlying the conflict. They stressed that returning towards engaging in negotiations and reinstating the truce is the route towards permanently ending this war, and resolving Yemen’s humanitarian and economic crises. The members of the Security Council stressed the major costs of an end to the truce, first and foremost for the Yemeni people. They expressed their deep concerns about rhetoric that deliberately threatened negotiations and actions which impeded the economic stability of Yemen. The members of the Security Council urgently called on the Yemeni parties, in particular the Houthis, to refrain from provocation, prioritize the Yemeni people, and return to engaging constructively in negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations and to urgently work towards an extension and expansion of the truce. They reiterated the need to avoid resumption of hostilities inside of Yemen as well as attacks within the region and on the Red Sea. They stressed that the Security Council would continue to take all action to support efforts for peace, security and stability in Yemen.