The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Joonkook Hwang (Republic of Korea): The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the recent series of attacks by the 23 March Movement (M23), that have resulted in civilian casualties and in one peacekeeper wounded. They also condemned recent series of attacks conducted by the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), as well as the attack against the Mugunga camp for internally displaced persons on 3 May 2024, that have resulted in high level of civilian casualties, in the North Kivu province. The members of the Security Council expressed their deepest condolences to the families of the victims, and wished the injured peacekeeper a speedy recovery. The members of the Security Council expressed their deep concern on the impact of these attacks, which are worsening the volatile security and stability in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in the region, and further exacerbating the current humanitarian situation and protection concerns, especially for those civilians dwelling in displacement sites. They are also deeply concerned by the intensification of systemic attacks by the ADF and the current M23 offensive toward Kanyabayonga that has displaced 350,000 people in the last week, and which resulted in the suspension of food distribution operations and hospital services. They called on all donors to scale up support in response to the 2024 Humanitarian Response Plan. The members of the Security Council also strongly condemned all attacks against the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) as well as the unacceptable threats and pressure put by the M23 against MONUSCO. They condemned the use of heavy weapons in the vicinity of UN peacekeepers’ bases, which puts civilians and peacekeepers at risk. They reiterated their support to MONUSCO and its troop-contributing countries in steadfastly maintaining its robust posture to protect civilians and ensure freedom of movement for humanitarian assistance to displaced person. They requested the Secretary-General, Member States, and the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to take all appropriate measures to ensure the safety and security of MONUSCO’s personnel, in line with resolution 2518 (2020), in line with UN guidelines and best practices to improve the safety of peacekeepers. The members of the Security Council urged all parties to adhere to international law, including international humanitarian law, and to allow and facilitate, in a manner consistent with relevant provisions of international humanitarian law, full, safe, rapid and unhindered humanitarian access to all civilians in need, especially women and children. The members of the Security Council expressed concern about reports of continued violations of international humanitarian law and violations and abuses of human rights, including those involving gender-based violence and sexual violence in conflict, recruitment, use and abduction of children, as well as attacks against schools and hospitals. They demanded the immediate end to these violations. They further expressed concern about the intensification of misinformation and disinformation, including against MONUSCO. They renewed their condemnation of hate speech targeting any community and fuelling intercommunal violence. They emphasized the importance of protection of civilians and ensuring accountability for these violations and abuses, including sexual violence in conflict and post-conflict situations. The members of the Security Council called on all parties to intensify diplomatic dialogue towards de-escalation, and a lasting, peaceful and sustainable solution to the protracted conflict in the region. They expressed support to all efforts aimed at reaching a cessation of hostilities, including the crucial role of regional peace processes, MONUSCO, the Office of the Special Envoy for the Great Lakes and international partners, and commended in particular the efforts of the President of Angola and Chair of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), João Lourenço, to mediate between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda through the Luanda Process. They underscored the importance of full, equal, meaningful and safe participation of women in all processes. The members of the Security Council reiterated their condemnation of all armed groups operating in the Democratic Republic of Congo, including the M23, the ADF, and the Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda (FDLR). They further condemned foreign military support provided to M23 and any other armed group operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and demanded the cessation of such support and the immediate withdrawal of any such external party from the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They expressed deep concern at the reports of the Group of Experts on the Democratic Republic of the Congo on foreign military support for M23 and direct military interventions on Democratic Republic of the Congo territory. They also condemned support, notably provided by military forces, to certain armed groups such as the Democratic Liberation Forces of Rwanda (FDLR) and demanded the cessation of such support. The Members of the Council urged the return of foreign armed groups to their country of origins and the full implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration processes for all armed groups operating in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The members of the Security Council reaffirmed their strong commitment to the sovereignty, independence, unity, and territorial integrity of the Democratic Republic of the Congo as well as all States in the region. They reiterated their full support to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Bintou Keita, and for the stabilizing actions of MONUSCO.