The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Barbara Woodward (United Kingdom): The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the horrendous terrorist attack against the Abdul Rahim-e Shahid High School and Mumtaz Education Centre in the Dasht-e-Barchi area of Kabul, Afghanistan, on 19 April 2022. The attack, which took place during the month of Ramadan, resulted in several killed and dozens injured — including students. The members of the Security Council expressed their deepest sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims, and they wished a speedy and full recovery to those who were injured. The members of the Security Council reaffirmed the right to education for all Afghans and its contribution to the achievement of peace and security. They expressed grave concern about the significant implications of attacks against schools on the safety of students and their ability to enjoy their right to education. The members of the Security Council reaffirmed that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security. The members of the Security Council underlined the need to hold perpetrators, organizers, financiers and sponsors of these reprehensible acts of terrorism accountable and bring them to justice. They urged all States, in accordance with their obligations under international law and relevant Security Council resolutions, to cooperate actively with all relevant authorities in this regard. The members of the Security Council reiterated that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable, regardless of their motivation, wherever, whenever and by whomsoever committed. They reaffirmed the need for all States to combat by all means, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and other obligations under international law, including international human rights law, international refugee law and international humanitarian law, threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts.