The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Michel Xavier Biang (Gabon): The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms the attack perpetrated on 3 October against the United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA) near Koui through an explosive device, following which three peacekeepers from Bangladesh were killed and one wounded. The members of the Security Council expressed their deepest condolences and sympathy to the families of the peacekeepers killed, as well as to Bangladesh. They also expressed their condolences to the United Nations. They wished a speedy and full recovery to the peacekeeper injured. The members of the Security Council reiterated that attacks against peacekeepers may constitute war crimes and reminded all parties of their obligations under international humanitarian law. They called on the Government of the Central African Republic to swiftly investigate these attacks with the support of MINUSCA, promote accountability for such acts by bringing perpetrators to justice, and keep the relevant troop-contributing country informed of the progress consistent with Security Council resolutions 2518 (2020) and 2589 (2021). They stressed that involvement in planning, directing, sponsoring or conducting attacks against MINUSCA peacekeepers constitutes a basis for sanctions designations pursuant to United Nations Security Council resolutions. The members of the Security Council expressed particular concern about reports of illicit transnational trafficking networks which continue to fund and supply armed groups in the Central African Republic, noted in particular the increasing use of explosive ordnances, including improvised explosive devices and landmines, which account for a growing number of civilian casualties, as well as the destruction of civilian properties and continue to disrupt humanitarian access. They stressed the need to further investigate and combat this threat. The members of the Security Council reiterated their full support for MINUSCA and expressed their deep appreciation to MINUSCA’s troop- and police-contributing countries. The members of the Security Council further stressed the importance of MINUSCA having the necessary capacities to fulfil its mandate and promote the safety and security of the United Nations peacekeepers, pursuant to Security Council resolution 2605 (2021). The members of the Security Council reiterated their strong support for the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for the Central African Republic, Valentine Rugwabiza, and for MINUSCA to assist the Central African Republic authorities and the people of the Central African Republic in their efforts to bring lasting peace and stability, as mandated by the Security Council in resolution 2605 (2021).