On 25 October 2023, the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1533 approved the addition of the entries specified below to its Sanctions List of individuals and entities subject to the measures imposed by the Security Council and adopted under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations. A. Individuals CDi. 038 Name: 1: BERNARD 2: MAHESHE 3: BYAMUNGU 4: na Title: na Designation: a) Brigadier General b) Deputy Commander of operations and intelligence for M23 DOB: 10 Oct. 1974 POB: Democratic Republic of the Congo Good quality a.k.a: na Low quality a.k.a: TIGER ONE Nationality: Democratic Republic of the Congo Passport no: na National identification no: na Address: Democratic Republic of the Congo Listed on: 25 Oct. 2023 Other information: Listed pursuant to paragraphs 7 (c) and 7 (h) of resolution 2293 (2016) as “political and military leaders of Congolese militias, including those receiving support from outside the DRC, who impede the participation of their combatants in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration processes” and “acting on behalf of or at the direction of a designated individual or entity, or acting on behalf of or at the direction of an entity owned or controlled by a designated individual or entity”, as reaffirmed by paragraph 2 of resolution 2688 (2023). As a leader of M23 (CDe.006), he is involved in promulgating and supporting the armed group’s activities. He was promoted in January 2023 to Brigadier for the Congolese Revolutionary Army, the M23 armed branch. He was then appointed chief of staff and deputy to SULTANI MAKENGA (CDi.008), and has validated the planning for every M23 operations in DRC since then. A warrant has been issued by Congolese authorities for his arrest. CDi. 037 Name: 1: PROTOGÈNE 2: RUVUGAYIMIKORE 3: na 4: na Title: na Designation: Commander of the FDLR special unit “Commando de recherche et d'action en profondeur” (CRAP) (now called Maccabe) DOB: a) 1968 b) 1969 c) 1970 POB: a) Karandaryi Cell, Mwiyanike Sector, Karago Commune, Gisenyi Prefecture, Rwanda b) Nyabihu District, Western Province, Rwanda Good quality a.k.a: a) RUHINDA b) GABY RUHINDA c) ZORRO MIDENDE Low quality a.k.a: GATOKARAKURA Nationality: Rwanda Passport no: na National identification no: na Address: Nyiragongo, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo Listed on: 25 Oct. 2023 Other information: Listed pursuant to paragraphs 7 (b), 7 (e), and 7 (h) of resolution 2293 (2016) as “being political and military leaders of foreign armed groups operating in the DRC who impede the disarmament and the voluntary repatriation or resettlement of combatants belonging to those groups”; “committing acts in the DRC that constitute human rights violations or abuses or violations of international humanitarian law, as applicable, including those acts involving the targeting of civilians, including killing and maiming, rape and other sexual violence, abduction, forced displacement, and attacks on schools and hospitals”; and “acting on behalf of or at the direction of a designated individual or entity, or acting on behalf of or at the direction of an entity owned or controlled by a designated individual or entity”, as reaffirmed by paragraph 2 of resolution 2688 (2023). As a leader of FDLR (CDe.005), he has effective command and control over the group’s combatants. Press releases concerning changes to the Committee’s Sanctions List may be found in the “Press Releases” section on the Committee’s website at the following URL: https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/1533/press-releases . The updated version of the Committee’s Sanctions List, available in HTML, PDF and XML format, may be found at the following URL: https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/1533/materials . The United Nations Security Council Consolidated List is also updated following all changes made to the Committee’s Sanctions List and is accessible at the following URL: https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/content/un-sc-consolidated-list .