On 5 January 2024, the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1718 (2006) enacted the amendments, specified with strikethrough and underline, in the entries below on its Sanctions List of individuals and entities. B. Entities and other groups KPe.007 Name: GENERAL BUREAU OF ATOMIC ENERGY (GBAE) A.k.a.: General Department of Atomic Energy (GDAE) F.k.a.: na Address: Haeudong, Pyongchen District, Pyongyang, Democratic People's Republic of Korea Listed on: 16 Jul. 2009 ( amended on 5 January 2024) Other information: The GBAE is responsible for the DPRK’s nuclear program, which includes the Yongbyon Nuclear Research Center and its 5 Mwe (25 MWt) plutonium production research reactor, as well as its fuel fabrication and reprocessing facilities. The GBAE has held nuclear-related meetings and discussions with the International Atomic Energy Agency. GBAE is the primary DPRK government agency that oversees nuclear programs, including the operation of the Yongbyon Nuclear Research Center. Changed name as Ministry of Atomic Energy Industry (KPe.027) in 2013. KPe.021 Name: ACADEMY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE SCIENCE A.k.a.: na Second Academy of Natural Sciences (KPe.018) F.k.a.: na Address: Pyongyang, Democratic People's Republic of Korea Listed on: 2 Mar. 2016 (amended on 5 January 2024) Other information: The Academy of National Defense Science is involved in the DPRK's efforts to advance the development of its ballistic missile and nuclear weapons programs. Press releases concerning changes to the Committee’s Sanctions List may be found in the “Press Releases” section on the Committee’s website at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/1718/press-releases . The updated version of the Committee’s Sanctions List, available in HTML, PDF and XML format, may be found at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/1718/materials . The United Nations Security Council Consolidated List is also updated following all changes made to the Committee’s Sanctions List and is accessible at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/content/un-sc-consolidated-list .