The members of the Security Council were briefed on 6 March by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of the United Nations Integrated Office in Haiti (BINUH), María Isabel Salvador, on the situation in Haiti. The Permanent Representative of Kenya, the Permanent Representative of Haiti, and the Permanent Representative of Jamaica, on behalf of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM), participated in the meeting under Rule 37. The members of the Security Council reiterated their deep concern over the security and humanitarian situation and stressed the need to address the multidimensional crisis in Haiti. They reiterated their strong condemnation of the increasing violence, criminal activities, mass displacement of civilians, and human rights abuses that undermine the peace, stability, and security of Haiti and the region, including kidnappings, sexual and gender-based violence, trafficking in persons and the smuggling of migrants, homicides, unlawful killings, and recruitment of children by armed groups and criminal networks. Members of the Security Council strongly condemned the continued destabilizing criminal activities of armed gangs and stressed the need for the international community to redouble its efforts to provide humanitarian assistance to the population and to support the Haitian National Police, including building its capacity to restore law and order through the Multinational Security Support mission. They condemned in the strongest terms the attacks carried out by armed gangs on the country’s main prisons and other critical infrastructure, which allowed gang leaders and other prisoners to escape the facilities. They expressed their deep concern at unacceptable threats of targeted violence against the police and members of the Government. Members of the Council heard Kenya’s briefing on the ongoing planning efforts on the deployment of the Multinational Security Support mission to Haiti and the international pledges made to the mission. They expressed the expectation and hope for the deployment of the Multinational Security Support mission to Haiti as soon as possible, as requested by Haiti and authorized by the Security Council through resolution 2699 (2023). They welcomed pledges made by Member States to the Multinational Security Support mission in the form of financial, personnel, and in-kind commitments and the establishment of the United Nations Trust Fund for this mission. They stressed the need to create security conditions conducive to an inclusive political process, and free and fair elections in Haiti. The members of the Security Council expressed concern at the limited progress in the political process in Haiti. They urged all political actors to engage constructively in meaningful negotiations to allow the holding of free and fair legislative and presidential elections and restoring democratic institutions as soon as possible and acknowledged the ongoing efforts of CARICOM in this regard. The members of the Security Council expressed grave concern at the illicit flow of arms and ammunition to Haiti that remains a key factor of instability and violence. They reiterated its demand for Member States to take the necessary measures to implement the arms embargo in accordance with resolution 2699 (2023) and resolution 2700 (2023) and called for further actions by the Security Council. The members of the Security Council urged the armed gangs to immediately cease their destabilizing actions. They reiterated the Council’s call for the perpetrators of these abhorrent acts to be brought to justice and emphasized the Council’s role in placing and enhancing sanctions on individuals and entities responsible for or complicit in actions that threaten the peace, security or stability of Haiti, in accordance with resolution 2653 (2022) and 2700 (2023). They also reiterated the need for meaningful progress into the investigation of the assassination of the President of Haiti Jovenel Moïse. The members of the Security Council urged the Government of Haiti and all relevant parties in Haiti to protect the safety of UN staff and all civilians, including foreign nationals. The members of the Security Council reiterated their continued solidarity with the people of Haiti and expressed their support for the work done by BINUH and the United Nations country team towards a better future for Haiti.