The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Michel Xavier Biang (Gabon): The members of the Security Council strongly condemned the attack on the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) that occurred on 30 September 2022 in South Kivu, which resulted in the death of one peacekeeper from Pakistan. The members of the Security Council expressed their deepest condolences to the family of the victim and to Pakistan. They also expressed their condolences to the United Nations. The members of the Security Council condemned in the strongest terms all attacks and provocations against MONUSCO. They underlined that deliberate attacks targeting peacekeepers may constitute war crimes under international law. They called on the Secretary-General, MONUSCO and the Congolese authorities to swiftly investigate this attack. They called on the Congolese authorities to bring the perpetrators to justice and to keep the relevant troop- and police-contributing country informed of the progress consistent with Security Council resolution 2518 (2020). They requested the Secretary-General for an update consistent with paragraph 4(a) of Security Council resolution 2589 (2021) on measures undertaken to promote accountability for such acts. The members of the Security Council expressed concern at the increase of armed group activity in the eastern provinces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They reiterated their condemnation of all armed groups operating in the country. They called on all actors to end violence and their violations and abuse of international human rights and international humanitarian law. The members of the Security Council stressed the importance of MONUSCO having the necessary capacities to fulfil its mandate and promote, including by taking additional measures as appropriate, the safety and security of the United Nations peacekeepers and its operations, pursuant to relevant Security Council resolutions. They underscored that the primary responsibility for the safety and security of United Nations personnel and assets rests with host States and highlighted the importance of engagements and continued communications between MONUSCO and the Congolese Government in this regard, including the efforts to proactively enhance the understanding of MONUSCO’s mandate among the local population, counter disinformation and misinformation and garner trust of the local population. The members of the Security Council reaffirmed their strong commitment to the sovereignty, independence, unity and territorial integrity of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They reiterated their full support to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Bintou Keita, and for the stabilizing action of MONUSCO, in line with the basic principles of peacekeeping, including consent of the parties, and its mandate as reflected in Security Council resolution 2612 (2021), and expressed their deep appreciation to MONUSCO’s troop- and police-contributing countries.