On 26 September 2022, the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 2140 (2014) approved the addition of the entries specified below to its Sanctions List of individuals and entities subject to the measures imposed by the Security Council and adopted under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations. A. Individuals YEi.010 Name: 1: MANSUR 2: AL-SA’ADI Name (original script): منصور السعادي Title: n/a Designation: Major General, Houthi Commander of Yemen's Naval and Coastal Defense Forces DOB: 1988 POB: Yemen Good quality a.k.a.: n/a Low quality a.k.a.: a) Mansoor Ahmed Al Saadi b) Mansur Ahmad al-Sa’adi c) Abu Sajjad Nationality: Yemen Passport no: n/a National identification no: n/a Address: Yemen Listed on: 26 Sep. 2022 Other information: Houthi Naval Forces Chief of Staff, who has masterminded lethal attacks against international shipping in the Red Sea, plays a leading role in Houthi naval efforts that directly threaten the peace, security, and stability of Yemen. Physical Description : Eye Color: Brown; Hair: Brown. INTERPOL-UN Security Council Special Notice web link: www.interpol.int/en/How-we-work/Notices/View-UN-Notices-Individual . YEi.011 Name: 1 : MOTLAQ 2: AMER 3: AL-MARRANI Name (original script): مطلق عامر المراني Title: n/a Designation: (Former) Deputy Head of the Houthi National Security Bureau (NSB) (intelligence agency) DOB: 1 Jan 1984 POB: Al-Jawf, Yemen Good quality a.k.a.: a) Mutlaq Ali Aamer Al Marrani b) Abu Emad Low quality a.k.a.: n/a Nationality: Yemen Passport no: n/a National identification no: n/a Address: Yemen Listed on: 26 Sep. 2022 Other information: Former Deputy Head of the Houthi National Security Bureau (NSB), oversaw detainees of the NSB who were subjected to torture and other mistreatment while detained, planned and directed illegal arrests and detention of humanitarian workers and the unlawful diversion of humanitarian assistance in violation of international humanitarian law. Physical Description: Eye Color: Brown; Hair: Brown. INTERPOL-UN Security Council Special Notice web link: www.interpol.int/en/How-we-work/Notices/View-UN-Notices-Individual . Press releases concerning changes to the Committee’s Sanctions List may be found in the “Press Releases” section on the Committee’s website at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/2140/press-releases . The updated version of the Committee’s Sanctions List, available in HTML, PDF and XML format, may be found at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/sanctions/2140/materials . The United Nations Security Council Consolidated List is also updated following all changes made to the Committee’s Sanctions List and is accessible at the following URL: www.un.org/securitycouncil/content/un-sc-consolidated-list .