The following Security Council press statement was issued today by Council President Nicolas de Rivière (France): The members of the Security Council took note of the closing of the United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) on 31 December 2023, after 10 years of presence, in line with resolution 2690 (2023), following the request of the Transition Government of Mali. They commended the meaningful efforts of MINUSMA leadership and personnel since 2013 to implement the Mission’s mandate under very challenging circumstances, and paid tribute to the Malian people for their resilience and their efforts in this context. They paid tribute to the 311 MINUSMA personnel who lost their lives in service of peace, and expressed their deepest condolences and sympathies to their families. They wished a speedy and full recovery to those who were injured during the withdrawal period. The members of the Security Council expressed their deep appreciation to troop- and police-contributing countries and civilian personnel for their dedication and their contributions up to now, and until the end of the liquidation process. The members of the Security Council recalled their support to the sovereignty, unity, territorial integrity and independence of Mali. The members of the Security Council also recalled the Transition Government of Mali’s commitments towards its citizens and its international obligations. The members of the Security Council encouraged dialogue between Mali and regional partners. They wished for a quick improvement of the security situation in the country, especially in the fight against the terrorist threat, and its impact on civilians in Mali and in neighbouring countries. They reiterated the centrality of the 2015 Agreement on Peace and Reconciliation in Mali resulting from the Algiers Process, and urged all signatory parties to resume dialogue and commit to the implementation of the agreement to ensure peace and stability in Mali. The members of the Security Council stressed the role of the United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS), and the United Nations country team, in carrying out their functions on behalf of the Secretary-General, including supporting the Transition Government of Mali in accordance with all components of their respective mandates, and on the basis of continued communication and discussion with the Transition Government of Mali. The members of the Security Council acknowledged the Transition Government of Mali’s role during MINUSMA’s drawdown and withdrawal and stressed the need for full and continued cooperation of the Transition Government of Mali, including respect for its ongoing obligations under the status of forces agreement. The members of the Security Council will remain fully engaged to promote peace and security in Mali and in the region.