8 captures 10 Apr 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 10 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230410222951/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-ta-mecenat-govard-baffet-vidkrili-budivnictvo-82177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The term "defeat" should become a companion to the term "aggressor", and it is only the Ukrainian victory that will ensure this - address by the President of Ukraine 10 April 2023 - 22:41 View all videos n latest news The term "defeat" should become a companion to the term "aggressor", and it is only the Ukrainian victory that will ensure this - address by the President of Ukraine 10 April 2023 - 22:39 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Richard Branson, who became the new ambassador of United24 10 April 2023 - 20:55 Olena Zelenska and philanthropist Howard Buffett opened the construction of Ukraine's first kitchen factory in Bucha 10 April 2023 - 20:37 We must be sure that evil will lose, we must bring the defeat of evil closer, and we are bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 9 April 2023 - 21:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in Iftar 7 April 2023 - 23:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska and philanthropist Howard Buffett opened the construction of Ukraine's first kitchen factory in Bucha 10 April 2023 - 20:37 Wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and philanthropist Howard Buffet opened the construction of Ukraine's first kitchen factory in Bucha. The project of the second such enterprise was approved for the city of Lozova, Kharkiv region. The first scoop of soil at the construction site was lifted personally by Howard Buffett, the patron of the project, on an excavator. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba, Acting Head of the Kyiv RSA Dmytro Nazarenko, mayor of Bucha Anatolii Fedoruk, co-founder of the NGO "National Public Catering Association" Orest Stepaniak also attended the event. The kitchen factory project is part of the reform of school meals initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and started in 2022. In its framework, together with the Ministry for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine, three options for the organization of school meals were developed: 1. Full cycle kitchen (in educational institutions where there is economic feasibility and technical and technological possibility, everything is cooked on site from scratch). 2. Hub kitchens (food is transported from one powerful kitchen to neighboring schools). 3. Factory kitchen (a large volume of supply, a separate building in which food is cooked, shock freezed and transported to many schools). Such a kitchen factory can prepare 10,000 portions. In this way, water and electricity costs are saved. And the supply of food to children becomes systematized, safe and of high quality. It is expected that the kitchen factory in Bucha will provide food at once to three communities (Bucha, Nemishaieve and Borodyanka), where several dozen educational institutions are located. Production capacity can be reconfigured or expanded to meet the nutritional needs of any groups of population. In particular, the enterprise will be able to feed temporarily displaced persons and local residents. "For our country and the whole world, Bucha is a place of Russian crimes, but, along with this dramatic memory, we want it to continue to live as a normal, happy city, to become more comfortable, we want children to play on these streets. We want them to go to school and grow up here. We want this city to be what it was intended to be: native, beloved, a place of strength for thousands of people. So that residents don't lose it, but appreciate it even more," said Olena Zelenska during the construction launch. She emphasized that the kitchen factory was the beginning of a return to the school meal reform project, the implementation of which was interrupted by the Russian attack. "Thanks to the kitchen, we returned to the reform of school meals, which was interrupted by the Russian invasion. We realized that the idea of feeding children qualitatively and nutritiously in wartime becomes even more difficult to implement, yet even more important. Because our children and our teachers demonstrated true heroism. They did not interrupt their studies. Therefore, it is our desire to support children and teachers, in particular, with food which determines the quality of education," Olena Zelenska emphasized. During the launch of the construction, the expansion of the initiative also took place: the project of the second such factory, which will be built in the city of Lozova, Kharkiv region, was presented. A corresponding memorandum was signed. On behalf of Ukraine, it was signed by Oleh Syniehubov, Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration, and Serhiy Zelenskyy, mayor of Lozova. On March 28, at the session of the Kharkiv City Council, a decision was made to allocate a land plot with an area of 1.5 hectares, budgeting and design of the facility began. It is expected that the kitchen factory in Lozova will supply food to 89 schools and preschool institutions of the Lozova territorial community. "The kitchen factory project is not only about food. It's about joint action. About support that has no borders and territorial restrictions. It is about help and interaction in a broad sense, because kitchens are also jobs and economic revitalization these areas strongly need. In short, kitchens are projects about life and the energy it needs. This is the production of not only calories, but also hopes and energy for children and adults," the President's wife stressed. The First Lady thanked the local authorities, Orest Stepaniak's team for implementing the project, and Howard Buffett's team for their love for Ukraine, faith in it and its children. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine