5 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 07 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214163019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-11-2023&date-to=30-11-2024&page=179 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Listened to reports on ammunition and weapons supply; preparing requests for talks with partners – address by the President of Ukraine 1 December 2023 - 19:28 Thanks to everyone helping defend our positions – building fortifications, mining the paths that occupiers try to use. Andriy Yermak meets with foreign ambassadors at Boryspil Airport to discuss Peace Formula's tenth point on confirmation of the end of the war 1 December 2023 - 18:57 The event focused on the implementation of the tenth point of the Formula on confirmation of the end of the war. Eighty six participants, including representatives of 83 foreign states and three international organizations, joined the discussion that took place at Boryspil International Airport. President on the Day of Prosecutors: Quality of work of Ukrainian prosecutors means inevitability of punishment for Russia for crimes against Ukrainians 1 December 2023 - 17:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy wished the prosecutors maximum efficiency and focus on the results that Ukrainian society and the state objectively need. Olena Zelenska in an interview with Asian media: You cannot turn a blind eye to aggression, even if you are far away 1 December 2023 - 16:59 The forced transfer of Ukrainian children to Russia is an act of genocide. This was stated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with media representatives from Indonesia, Japan, South Korea, Cambodia, Thailand, Mongolia and Singapore. There are already 112 students studying under the double-degree program with universities in the United Kingdom – the initial results of launching educational projects under the Twinning initiative. 1 December 2023 - 11:00 The double degree program with UK universities provides an opportunity to obtain higher education under the curriculum created and implemented by Ukrainian and British universities simultaneously. As a result of their studies, graduates receive diplomas from two higher education institutions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Nikolai Denkov discussed further cooperation between Ukraine and Bulgaria 30 November 2023 - 22:47 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Bulgaria Nikolai Denkov. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the command of the Tavria operational and strategic grouping of troops and presented state awards 30 November 2023 - 22:25 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the operational situation in the region and the course of hostilities within the area of responsibility of the Tavria operational and strategic grouping of troops. In Zaporizhzhia, President held a meeting on fortifications 30 November 2023 - 21:37 The Head of State listened to the reports of Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov and his First Deputy Oleksandr Pavliuk. Representatives of military administrations, local authorities and military commanders also delivered reports. We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 I am grateful to everyone working on this kind of construction, in the production of materials. We also discussed the needs that we will address with our partners to reinforce our defense lines. President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 The Head of State visited classrooms where lessons in mathematics, English language, and music were underway. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the children and inquired about the details of their studies. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine