5 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 05 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221127181339/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=21-11-2021&date-to=21-11-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Never again should hunger be used as a weapon – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2022 - 20:06 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The reparations that Russia will have to pay for what it has committed are now part of the international legal reality - address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2022 - 23:55 It is happiness for everyone when Russia is driven out. Happiness, which will also be in those cities and communities of ours, which are deprived of a normal life by Russia both after February 24 and in 2014. We will return everything. We will return normal life. And we know that peace for Ukraine is getting closer. Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Coordination Council of Ukraine for the Protection and Safety of Children with the participation of António Guterres, ambassadors of the G20 countries and human rights defenders 14 November 2022 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak emphasized that the meeting should contribute to the fastest possible cessation of mass crimes committed by the Russian Federation against hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian children. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on stabilization measures in the de-occupied Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 18:27 In Mykolaiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy also visited the humanitarian headquarters that operates under the RMA and has been providing assistance to people in need since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. President of Ukraine presented state awards to the Ukrainian servicemen who liberated the Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 17:12 As part of a working trip to the de-occupied part of the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the servicemen who distinguished themselves during the liberation of Kherson and the region. Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and we will go a difficult path to victory - President in Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:48 Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and despite the hard battles and the high price of victory, our state will go this difficult path. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Kherson. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in hoisting the State Flag of Ukraine in liberated Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:21 During a working trip to the de-occupied Kherson, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of hoisting the State Flag on the central square of the city. All of us already feel the approach of our victory - address by the President 13 November 2022 - 21:24 All of us already feel the approach of our victory. Because we preserve our unity and know that we are rightfully on our land. Defense forces win back control in more than 60 settlements of Kherson region – address of President of Ukraine 12 November 2022 - 20:05 People did not even think of refusing Ukraine. And the world sees it now. It sees what it means when Ukrainians meet their own people. It sees what the unity of Ukrainians means. And it sees why we should liberate our entire land from the invaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered a video message on the implementation of the EU Solidarity Lanes Initiative 11 November 2022 - 21:58 In his address, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the entire united Europe for the constant support that Ukraine has been receiving since the first hours of the Russian invasion. Today is a historic day, we are regaining Kherson - address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2022 - 19:49 Ukraine will come to all its people. Due to our strength on the battlefield and in diplomacy, we will restore the territorial integrity of our state. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 164 165 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine