7 captures 12 Jan 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230112203117/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-smirnov-obgovoriv-z-diplomatichnimi-predstavnikami-kr-80337 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania together will go all the way to restore security of our state and the whole of Europe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:09 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 President of Ukraine had a meeting with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia 12 January 2023 - 19:19 Andriy Smyrnov discussed the roadmap of judicial reform in Ukraine with diplomatic representatives of G7 and EU countries 12 January 2023 - 17:27 President held a regular meeting of the Staff 12 January 2023 - 17:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region and meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania 11 January 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov discussed the roadmap of judicial reform in Ukraine with diplomatic representatives of G7 and EU countries 12 January 2023 - 17:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting with the heads and representatives of the embassies of the Group of Seven (G7) and the EU states in Ukraine, which was devoted to the assessment of the current state and further steps in the judicial reform in Ukraine. Andriy Smyrnov noted that he had received recommendations from international partners on the next steps in the judicial reform, taking into account the reboot of the High Council of Justice and the High Qualification Commission of Judges. "I am extremely grateful for these proposals. I am especially pleased to see the unity of our views on the improvement of the work of the Supreme Court and the reform of the State Judicial Administration," he emphasized. Andriy Smyrnov commended the completion on Thursday of the process of electing members of the HCJ by the Congress of Judges of Ukraine according to their quota. At the same time, he reminded that the service of disciplinary inspectors should be formed next. "And here we need to think how to move in this direction. Because in fact we have to start everything from scratch, there is not much time, and we need to either amend the legislation to speed up or optimize the procedures for selecting disciplinary inspectors, or offer another way," he said. Speaking of the recommendations on the introduction of transparent competitive selection of judges of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine, strengthening of disciplinary procedures and ethical requirements for the CCU judges, the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that many issues were regulated in the draft law on constitutional procedure, which has not yet been adopted by the Verkhovna Rada. Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda, who chairs the G7 Ambassadors Group since the beginning of 2023, stressed the importance of judicial reform as a priority for the diplomatic representatives of the G7 countries and for the Ukrainian authorities. U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink noted that judicial reform, which requires a lot of efforts, is an important guarantee of investment security. She supported the position of the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office that the reform should not be about moving people from positions, but about creating strong and effective institutions. The G7 Ambassadors commended the decision of the Congress of Judges of Ukraine to elect all eight members of the HCJ according to their quota and expressed hope for further progress in judicial reform. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine