11 captures 31 Mar 2022 - 20 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 31 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220331163803/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodnij-bagatostoronnij-dogovir-pro-garantiyi-bezpeki-d-73965 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Federal Parliament of Belgium 31 March 2022 - 16:55 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the States General of the Netherlands 31 March 2022 - 13:31 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Australian Parliament 31 March 2022 - 11:38 The Red Cross announced Russia's approval of access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol, also corridors from Melitopol and Enerhodar were agreed - Iryna Vereshchuk 31 March 2022 - 11:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Mykhailo Podolyak: International multilateral treaty on security guarantees will give Ukraine reliable protection against possible new aggression 30 March 2022 - 18:50 Ukraine wants to sign an international treaty on security guarantees, which will give it reliable allies and real protection from any new aggression in the future. Adviser to the Head of the President's Office and member of the Ukrainian negotiating team Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized this during an online briefing at the Ukrainian Media Center. Mykhailo Podolyak noted that he had quite optimistic impressions of the face-to-face round of the Ukrainian-Russian talks on ending the war, which took place on March 29 in Istanbul (Turkey). "We have reached a very important construction for Ukraine when it will no longer be a fantasy, but a specific treaty on security guarantees, which will be legally fixed. Guarantor countries that undertake international legal obligations will be fixed there," he said. The Adviser to the Head of the President's Office noted that Ukraine has been fighting one-on-one with the powerful army of the Russian Federation for more than a month. That is why our state wants to have such allies who will stand by when help is needed here and now. According to him, in case of signing an international multilateral treaty on security guarantees, our state will finally have not only its own army, which is fighting very hard today, but also an additional security contour due to powerful allies that will stand by Ukraine. Mykhailo Podolyak said that a group of international lawyers moderated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak is consulting with Ukraine's future security guarantors. "He holds preliminary negotiations with the guarantor countries at the level of political advisers, explains our positions, explains the fundamental principles of the treaty on security guarantees. After that, consultations take place at the level of legal groups," he said. Mykhailo Podolyak reminded that Ukraine would like to see the permanent members of the UN Security Council as the main guarantors of its security, as well as Turkey, Germany, Poland and several other countries. In particular, Italy has already expressed interest in participating in such a treaty. The treaty will be open for any country to accede to. According to the Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, many countries during and after this war will realize that the old formats of European or even global security do not work, and will understand that the future will be based on such agreements as Ukraine has proposed. Mykhailo Podolyak is convinced that the available developments indicate that preparations for the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Russia can already begin. However, the Russian side has yet to consider Ukraine's proposals and give a preliminary answer to them. Currently, online working groups are constantly working to ensure the continuity of the negotiation process. According to the Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, intermediate proposals were recorded at the meeting in Istanbul, which the parties have already worked out and discussed. There is a possibility that in a few days it will be possible to agree on the next round of talks. At the same time, he stressed that all issues related to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine are inviolable for Ukrainian negotiators, which is constantly emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine