1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053248/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=37 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Today, Ukraine has agency in the international arena, it is the first in digitization and road construction, and we should be proud of that - President at a meeting with deputies of the Servant of the People 2 October 2021 - 23:47 During a working trip to the Lviv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting with deputies of the Servant of the People political party and the leadership of the central executive bodies, which took place in Truskavets. President received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of Israel and Latvia 1 October 2021 - 18:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of the State of Israel and the Republic of Latvia. President at a meeting with educators and winners of international academic competitions: A teacher is one who fills a person with meaning, light and values 1 October 2021 - 13:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the winners of international academic competitions, their teachers, winners of the Teacher of the Year competition and members of the Board of the Presidential Fund for Education, Science and Sports. Congress of Local and Regional Authorities with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy considered the issue of waste management and providing the population with drinking water 30 September 2021 - 16:44 The President noted that the issue of waste management is extremely important, as in Ukraine only 4% of solid waste is sorted as landfills and illegal dumps are overfilled. Tariffs will not increase despite any market fluctuations - President 30 September 2021 - 15:43 During the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, which took place in Kyiv under the chairmanship of the President of Ukraine, a Memorandum on non-increase of tariffs was signed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of FIBA Europe 29 September 2021 - 20:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the International Basketball Federation (FIBA Europe) Turgay Demirel. The main topic of the talks was the application for holding the European Men's Basketball Championship among national teams in 2025 (Eurobasket-2025) in Ukraine. Ukraine and Turkey signed a Memorandum on construction of joint drone training and testing center 29 September 2021 - 17:54 "It's a big real step forward. I am grateful to President Erdoğan. This is a real support for the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine," the Ukrainian President said. President honored the memory of Mykhailo Hrushevsky 29 September 2021 - 12:37 On the 155th anniversary of the birth of a prominent Ukrainian scientist, politician Mykhailo Hrushevsky, a basket of flowers from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was laid at the monument to historian on Volodymyrska Street in Kyiv. President honored memory of the victims of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2021 - 10:49 "The tragedy of Babyn Yar, which happened in Ukraine 80 years ago, must never happen again. Neither in Ukraine nor in other parts of Europe. Nowhere in the world," the President summed up. President of Ukraine held a video conference with representatives of Facebook 27 September 2021 - 22:26 The President suggested considering the possibility of opening a Facebook office in Ukraine. 1 2 ... 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine