10 captures 07 Mar 2022 - 12 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220307142636/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-prodovzhuyemo-borotisya-mi-zahistimo-nashu-derzhavu-i-zvi-73357 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:12 View all videos n latest news The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We continue to fight, we will protect our state and liberate our land thanks to our heroes - address by the President of Ukraine 4 March 2022 - 23:06 Great people of a great country! A country of power. A country of freedom. The people of absolute moral leadership. We have endured nine days of darkness. Nine days of evil. This is three times more than darkness and evil expected. We responded to the invasion as we can in times of greatest danger. Responded with heroism. Solidarity. Mutual assistance. We responded in Ukrainian. So that the history of Europe will remember it forever. It will tell children about it. Show it to grandchildren. The whole continent will know the city of Kharkiv. The city of Chernihiv. The city of Sumy. The city of Volnovakha. The city of Mariupol. The city of Mykolaiv. And many other of our beautiful cities. Living cities! Cities that have withstood the worst invasion since World War II. I say this specifically as a fait accompli. Withstood. No matter what the situation is at the moment, strategically, everything is clear. Ukrainians are united from Uzhhorod to Kharkiv, from Kyiv to Kherson. Ukrainians are chasing the enemy near Kyiv. They are beating him for Okhtyrka. Punishing him for Hostomel. They will take revenge for Kherson. Our Kherson! Ukrainian Kherson. Which they tried to humiliate today. They failed. They were not allowed. Ukrainians have shown themselves. They did not allow themselves to be deceived in a cheap cynical show. With a handout instead of help. With propaganda instead of sincerity. Russian propagandists thought of our people as of themselves. And they saw that Kherson residents are proud. And respect themselves. Respect Ukraine. I understand how difficult the decision is. When in the occupation they come out against armed enemies. I feel how risky it is. But I see how our people refuse to play by the rules of the invaders. How our people remain Ukrainians. How our people stay with our state, even temporarily finding themselves in the darkness. If Russian politicians still have their eyes, they will be able to see what Ukraine is. What our freedom is. The invaders thought they could turn off our television to Ukrainians. Our connection. They thought they could take away products, shut off the electricity. They thought it would force Ukrainians to submit. But even if you deprive us of oxygen, we will breathe deeply, to say: get out of our land! Even in complete darkness we see the truth. And we will fight until it darkens in our eyes. Because we are the warriors of light. And today no one on Earth will be able to say that this line is pathos. The 9th day of the war. Many of us have a tradition to remember those who are not with us on the 9th day. Eternal memory to everyone who died for Ukraine! Unfortunately, today there is a complete impression that it is time to give a funeral repast for something else: Security guarantees and promises. Determination of alliances. Values that seem to be dead for someone. The NATO summit took place today. Weak summit. Confused summit. Summit, which shows that not everyone considers the struggle for freedom to be Europe's number one goal. All NATO intelligence offices are well aware of the enemy's plans. They also confirmed that Russia wants to continue the offensive. As best it can. For 9 days we have seen a brutal war. They are destroying our cities. They are shelling our people, our children, and residential neighborhoods. Churches. Schools. They destroy everything that ensures a normal life. And they want to continue it. Knowing that new strikes and casualties are inevitable, NATO deliberately decided NOT to close the sky over Ukraine. We believe that NATO countries themselves have created a narrative that the closure of the sky over Ukraine would provoke Russia's direct aggression against NATO. This is self-hypnosis. Of those who are weak, underconfident. Internally. Although they may have weapons many times more powerful than ours. You had to think about people. About humanity itself. And what did you think about at that summit? All the people who will die starting from this day will also die because of you. Because of your weakness. Because of your disunity. All the Alliance has managed to do so far is to carry fifty tons of diesel fuel for Ukraine through its procurement system. Probably so that we can burn the Budapest Memorandum. To make it burn better. But it is already burnt for us. In the fire of Russian troops. Is this NATO we wanted? Is this the Alliance you were building? Today, the Alliance's leadership gave the green light for further bombing of Ukrainian cities by refusing to make a no-fly zone. You could close our sky. But… I do not know who you can protect and whether you can protect NATO countries. You will not be able to buy us off with liters of fuel for liters of our blood. Shed for our common Europe. For our common freedom. For our common future. But I am also grateful to our country's friends in NATO. There are many countries of our friends, our partners - most of the powerful partners. Those who help our state no matter what. From the first day of the invasion. And I'm sure, until the victory. And that's why we do NOT feel alone. We continue to fight. We will protect our state. We will liberate our land. Thanks to our heroes. I awarded decorations and medals to 76 Ukrainian heroes for personal courage and selfless actions for our defense. Unfortunately, 37 of them are awarded posthumously. I awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to Lieutenant General Oleksandr Oleksiyovych Pavliuk, Commander of the Joint Forces Operation. I conferred the military rank of Brigadier General on Colonel Volodymyr Vasyliovych Shvorak, Deputy Commander of the East Operational Command of the Land Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. I conferred the military rank of Brigadier General of Justice on Colonel of Justice Serhiy Mykolayovych Melnyk, Head of the Military Law Institute of the Yaroslav the Wise National Law University. I conferred the military rank of Brigadier General on Colonel Artem Yevhenovych Bohomolov, Deputy Commander of the West Operational Command. I conferred the military rank of General on Valerii Fedorovych Zaluzhnyi, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine