3 captures 19 Mar 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230320204437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-zustrivsya-z-golovoyu-aso-81161 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:38 View all videos n latest news Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:36 First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 The Ukrainian Center, established at the initiative of Olena Zelenska and Diana Nausėdienė, has been operating in Vilnius for over nine months now 20 March 2023 - 14:11 Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the President of the Association of Mayors of France, Mayor of Cannes 22 February 2023 - 19:29 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with President of the Association of Mayors of France, Mayor of Cannes David Lisnard. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office Andriy Sybiha and Oleksiy Kuleba. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to David Lisnard for his personal role in intensifying the efforts of French cities to support Ukraine. In particular, on March 9, 2022, after the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the Mayor of Cannes visited Lviv, Ternopil and Ivano-Frankivsk, accompanying a humanitarian cargo. "I am grateful for the joint efforts of the Association of Mayors of France and the French Civil Protection to supply humanitarian aid to Ukraine and your initiative to transfer power generators for the needs of Ukrainian cities," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak also thanked for the attention paid to Ukraine at the 104th Congress of Mayors and Heads of Municipalities of France, which took place on November 22-24, 2022 in Paris, as well as for the opportunity to speak on behalf of our country at this important event. The Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that postwar reconstruction remains a key issue for Ukraine. A patronage model was proposed to restore regions, cities, towns and villages. "This is a chance for Ukraine to modernize, but at the same time it is a platform for testing new French technologies, approaches and solutions," he said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine is a new huge market that French companies can enter with the prospect of long-term partnership and cooperation. "I invite all French cities to find their place in this promising market. This is not about charity. This is an opportunity to get contracts in the market of a country with a population of 40 million. I am convinced that it is interesting," said the Head of the Presidential Office. He also asked David Lisnard to facilitate the establishment of sister-city and partnership relations between French and Ukrainian cities. "I know that last year the Association of Mayors of France, headed by you, established a partnership with the city of Irpin. You are in constant contact with the Embassy of Ukraine in France, and our diplomats will be ready to hand over new partnership proposals to you," said Andriy Yermak. He also called on the network of the Association of Mayors of France to join the United Cities for the Future summit to be held in Kyiv in late March - early April 2023. This event will aim to engage foreign partners in the implementation of projects to restore Ukraine at the regional level and to intensify international cooperation of Ukrainian regions and cities. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine