1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032152/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=148 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – First Lady of Ukraine met with Brigitte Macron in France 13 December 2022 - 13:00 As part of her visit to the French Republic, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held a meeting with First Lady of France Brigitte Macron. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked Brigitte Macron and France for the comprehensive support of our country in resisting the Russian invaders. We need the Paris Mechanism, which will help give timely responses to the challenges of Russian energy terror - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of "In solidarity with the Ukrainian People" conference 13 December 2022 - 12:54 Here and now we have to agree on specific things that will not only help Ukraine endure the winter. They will also prove as clearly as possible to any anti-democratic and anti-European forces, and primarily to Russia, that Europe has learned to prevent catastrophe and protect its people. Blackouts are the last hope of terrorists, but even without light, we know well where to shoot and what to liberate – address by the President of Ukraine 12 December 2022 - 22:11 At all levels, we must be prepared for any hostile intentions. And we will do everything to get through this winter. I propose to convene the Global Peace Formula Summit to determine how we can implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula - address by the President to the G7 leaders 12 December 2022 - 19:51 Millions of our people are fighting and working for the sake of freedom. It is thanks to your support that Ukrainian invincibility has gained so much strength. The Ground Forces of the Ukrainian Armed Forces are the backbone of our defense and the army's movement towards the liberation of Ukrainian land - President during the presentation of state awards 12 December 2022 - 17:05 On the occasion of the Day of the Ground Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented military personnel with high state awards and conferred military ranks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Joseph Biden 12 December 2022 - 00:29 The President of Ukraine thanked the U.S. Leader for confirming his readiness to support Ukraine as long as necessary, as well as for the clear and consistent commitment of the United States to the principle of sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state within internationally recognized borders. We are doing everything so that the aggressor state does not have a single string of Ukrainian society to pull - address of the President 11 December 2022 - 22:01 We are constantly working with partners to mitigate the situation and give our people more opportunities, more electricity. By decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, sanctions were applied against seven people. Currently there is acute shortage in power system, but our energy and utility crews doing heroic things – address of President of Ukraine 10 December 2022 - 22:03 The situation in Odesa region is very difficult. After the night strike by Iranian drones, Odesa and other cities and villages of the region are in the dark. Power engineers, repair crews, regional authorities – everyone is working non-stop to restore power. Second session in Gen.Camp rehabilitation children's camp of Gen.Ukrainian public initiative under patronage of Olena Zelenska starts 10 December 2022 - 19:46 More than 30 Ukrainian children who lost their parents, survived the occupation, witnessed murders during the Russian aggression in Ukraine will undergo psychological rehabilitation in Spain. Ukraine expects Red Cross to take more concrete, effective steps regarding Ukrainian POWs – Andriy Yermak at meeting with ICRC President Mirjana Spoljaric Egger 10 December 2022 - 17:46 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) led by President of the ICRC Mirjana Spoljaric Egger. 1 2 ... 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine