8 captures 07 Oct 2022 - 08 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221007104553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nikoli-ne-vidmovimosya-vid-nashih-lyudej-olena-zelenska-v-78345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:30 View all videos n latest news Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 We will never betray our people – Olena Zelenska in interview with 60 Minutes TV broadcast 7 October 2022 - 10:56 Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development 6 October 2022 - 20:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife We will never betray our people – Olena Zelenska in interview with 60 Minutes TV broadcast 7 October 2022 - 10:56 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with the 60 Minutes television broadcast, which began in 1968 on the American CBS channel, told how children study in Ukrainian schools in the conditions of Russian aggression. "Now, parents who send their children to school have to give them a grab backpack. It should have water, a phone, a toy, and a change of clothes. From the first grade, children should know where the bomb shelter is and how to act when something happens. This is not what you want to teach children, especially first-graders," she said. The President's wife spoke about the daily bombing of peaceful Ukrainian cities by the occupiers: "They are waging war against the civilian population, using scorched earth tactics. From a moral and ethical point of view, this is not a modern war, but a medieval one." The first lady thanked the American people for their support and emphasized the need for its continuation. "Every delay in aid means lost lives," Zelenska said. The President's wife also spoke about the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support, which should help Ukrainians overcome the consequences of the war and return to normal life. For this purpose, Ukrainian mental health specialists undergo special training, in particular abroad – in Israel, Belgium, and the United States. "During these months, our society has developed a stable understanding that a person should be at the center of everything. We help each other a lot. I think we will not lose it, but only multiply it. All social and political processes in the country must be people-centric," Zelenska is convinced. The First Lady also addressed the residents of the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine: "Do not lose faith that we will return you and that we are waiting for you. We will never betray our people." v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine