9 captures 03 Feb 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240203122348/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-eksderzhsekretarem-ssha-majkom-po-88717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Two more air defense systems capable of intercepting anything arrive in Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 February 2024 - 21:10 View all videos n latest news The head of President's Office met with the Minister for Foreign and European Affairs and Trade of Malta 2 February 2024 - 21:34 Andriy Yermak met with former U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo 2 February 2024 - 21:07 Two more air defense systems capable of intercepting anything arrive in Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 February 2024 - 21:06 The International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children under the leadership of Andriy Yermak and Mélanie Joly has been launched 2 February 2024 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 207 Ukrainians from Russian captivity 31 January 2024 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with former U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo 2 February 2024 - 21:07 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the former Secretary of State of the United States and ex-CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who arrived in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak thanked the President of the United States, both chambers and parties of the Congress of the United States, and the entire American society for the powerful support of Ukraine. He also expressed hope for the continuation of support from the United States, as it is based on shared democratic values and respect for international law, which the Ukrainian people protect. The head of the Office of the President emphasized the need to send a clear signal to Russia that its aggression cannot violate the sovereignty of independent states and determine the fate of other free nations. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine