1 capture 03 Apr 2024 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403142316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-04-2023&date-to=02-04-2024&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Now the common task is to provide every opportunity for Sumy region to create jobs and ensure social protection – address by the President of Ukraine 27 March 2024 - 18:40 Today we are in Sumy region. I've been here with the team all day. First, our military. The second issue for today is, of course, everything related to the defense of Sumy region, each community, each city. President held a coordination meeting on security, social and economic situation in Sumy region 27 March 2024 - 18:36 The participants of the meeting paid special attention to the situation in the five-kilometer border zone, evacuation of the population from dangerous areas and maintaining order in these areas. President inspected the construction of fortifications in Sumy region 27 March 2024 - 17:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy was briefed on a standard project for the construction of a platoon stronghold. It includes, among other things, reinforced concrete structures, firing positions for tanks and infantry fighting vehicles, and shelters made of corrugated steel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid a visit to the 117th Separate Territorial Defense Brigade in Sumy region 27 March 2024 - 16:58 During the meeting, the President and the commanders discussed the necessary means of countering this type of weapon. President visited a military hospital in Sumy and met with wounded defenders of Ukraine 27 March 2024 - 16:41 The President was briefed on the course of treatment and recovery of the Ukrainian warriors, including those who were seriously wounded. He inquired about the health of the military and wished them a speedy recovery. Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of European Parliament Committee Chairs 27 March 2024 - 09:01 The interlocutors paid special attention to the sanctions policy of the European Union. The parties agreed on the need to further expand restrictive measures against Russia and to prevent circumvention of existing sanctions. Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration and the preparation of a bilateral security agreement with the Swedish National Security Advisor 26 March 2024 - 20:48 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with National Security Advisor of the Kingdom of Sweden Henrik Landerholm. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Estonian Parliament headed by President Lauri Hussar 26 March 2024 - 20:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Riigikogu delegation headed by President Lauri Hussar. I expect strengthening of the strategic capabilities of our state to predict and influence the processes on which national security depends – address by the President of Ukraine 26 March 2024 - 19:26 We will continue to strengthen Ukraine and upgrade our state system in all areas. President on the 10th anniversary of the National Guard of Ukraine: The National Guard has become indispensable in the fight against Russian aggression at the front and in maintaining security in the rear 26 March 2024 - 14:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in festivities on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the National Guard of Ukraine and the graduation of officers from the NGU National Academy and the NGU Kyiv Institute. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine