2 captures 20 Mar 2022 - 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The closed sky over Ukraine will change the course of the war with Russia and allow to resolve humanitarian issues - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 18:54 Closing the sky over Ukraine for Russian aircraft will significantly change the course of the war and help resolve a number of issues, including humanitarian ones. Mykhailo Podoliak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office emphasized this during a briefing in Lviv. Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 17:36 The position of Supreme Commander-in-Chief, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on negotiations with the Russian Federation remains tough: Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak during a briefing in Lviv. We have survived the night that could have stopped the history of Ukraine and Europe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 March 2022 - 11:21 We are fighting against a powerful enemy that outnumbers us. Which outnumbers us in the amount of equipment. But which is thousands of light years away from normal people who have dignity. Ukraine requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to urgently assist in creating humanitarian corridors 4 March 2022 - 11:06 The Ukrainian state requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to take urgent action to organize humanitarian corridors and is ready to do everything necessary to evacuate the civilian population and deliver humanitarian goods. Invaders in captured Ukrainian cities create humanitarian crisis to send their "humanitarian convoys" - President 3 March 2022 - 23:22 The invaders are creating a humanitarian crisis in the occupied cities of Ukraine, blocking Ukraine's "green corridors" and thus forcing people to leave to the territory of Russia. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with representatives of the Western media. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: If the world does not help Ukraine stop Russia now, it will go "to the Berlin Wall" 3 March 2022 - 22:55 If the world does not help Ukraine stop the Russian Federation now, the aggressor will go to other countries in Eastern Europe, the Baltic states and beyond. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this during a conversation with representatives of the Western media. The participants of the talks reached an agreement on securing humanitarian corridors where the fiercest fighting continues - Mykhailo Podoliak 3 March 2022 - 22:31 During the second round of talks, the representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation reached an agreement on joint provision of humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians, as well as for the delivery of medicines and food to the areas of the fiercest fighting. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak following the talks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I would not like a story about Ukraine as about 300 Spartans - I wish peace to my country 3 March 2022 - 22:27 Ukrainians do not take anything from anyone, but protect their land and their freedom. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for foreign media. 3 March 2022 - 21:49 Essay by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak for The New York Times 3 March 2022 - 13:33 As I Write, President Zelensky Is Beside Me. Please, Help Us Show Putin the Mistake He Has Made. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine