10 captures 21 Apr 2023 - 24 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230421165606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/darya-gerasimchuk-zustrilasya-z-delegaciyeyu-yevrokomisiyi-y-82417 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:03 View all videos n latest news Now we all need to stay united, mobilized and fully focused on defense – address of the President of Ukraine 21 April 2023 - 19:02 President held a meeting with the EBRD President 21 April 2023 - 16:17 Daria Herasymchuk met with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Dubravka Šuica 21 April 2023 - 14:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 April 2023 - 14:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Daria Herasymchuk met with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Dubravka Šuica 21 April 2023 - 14:52 Secretary of the Coordination Council for the Protection and Safety of Children under the President of Ukraine, Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk had a meeting with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Vice President of the European Commission Dubravka Šuica. The delegation included: Vice-Speaker of the European Parliament, Coordinator for Children's Rights Ewa Bożena Kopacz, Minister for Social Services of Sweden Camilla Waltersson Grönvall, Head of the Delegation of the European Union to Ukraine Matti Maasikas, Ambassador of the Kingdom of Sweden Tobias Thyberg and others. The interlocutors discussed the facts of the forced deportation of Ukrainian children to Russia, in particular with the subsequent change of their personal status, including citizenship, separation from parents or guardians, adoption and other violations and crimes against Ukrainian children by Russians. Daria Herasymchuk spoke about cases of abduction of young Ukrainians by the occupiers. According to her, the main goal of our state is to completely stop the deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation and ensure their safe return and reunification with their families. "Ukraine is doing everything possible to return every child," she emphasized. Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk stressed the need to unite the efforts of all European and world institutions so that no Russian criminal who violated the rights of Ukrainian children escapes fair punishment. "Together we must create such international legal mechanisms that will not only testify to the criminality of the intentions and actions of the occupiers towards Ukrainian children, but also serve as a basis for the protection of all the children of the world. Today, when we talk about saving and protecting the children of Ukraine, we actually care about the safety of all the children of the world," said Daria Herasymchuk. Vice President of the European Commission Dubravka Šuica expressed hope that European sanctions and resolutions will be able to help Ukraine return all children. "No country in the world has a future without its children. Ukraine has no future without its children. And we are ready to continue supporting you in this difficult mission to return Ukrainian children," she said. The members of the European delegation emphasized their readiness to contribute as much as possible to finding ways to solve the issue of deportation and forced relocation of Ukrainian children. At the end of the meeting, the guests received symbolic gifts - dolls, each of which has the name of a Ukrainian child kidnapped by the Russian invaders. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine