1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032755/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=43 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: Ukraine must prepare for the NATO Summit in 2024 in Washington 12 July 2023 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the main goal for Ukraine is to win the war with Russia, which will open the possibility of joining the Alliance. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: There is certainty that Ukraine will be in NATO 12 July 2023 - 21:05 "The most important thing is that we equally understand the conditions when and how Ukraine will join NATO. Maybe not all the details are communicated, but for me it was very important that there is certainty that Ukraine will be in NATO, that no one will trade NATO membership with anyone. That this is a real political decision based on the security situation in Ukraine," the Head of State said. President of Ukraine met with the President of the European Council 12 July 2023 - 19:48 The interlocutors paid special attention to the issue of Ukraine's preparation to the start of negotiations on EU membership and reviewed the state of implementation of the relevant seven recommendations of the European Commission by our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Joseph Biden in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 19:26 The Head of State expressed gratitude to Joseph Biden, the Congress and the entire American people for the powerful assistance, primarily military, provided to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. With the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy, G7 leaders agreed on a Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine 12 July 2023 - 18:29 This is an important step in shaping the future system of guaranteeing Ukraine's security until it becomes a full-fledged NATO member. Joint Declaration of support for Ukraine 12 July 2023 - 16:56 We, the Leaders of the Group of Seven (G7), reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the strategic objective of a free, independent, democratic, and sovereign Ukraine, within its internationally recognized borders, capable of defending itself and deterring future aggression. We affirm that the security of Ukraine is integral to the security of the Euro-Atlantic region. President: Declaration of support for Ukraine will consolidate security guarantees for our country until NATO membership 12 July 2023 - 16:52 He noted that these security guarantees will be the first legal formalization of the assistance that Ukraine has received since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion and will continue to receive from its partners. Security is our key task at the NATO Summit - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 15:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg during the NATO Summit in Vilnius. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Emmanuel Macron in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 14:26 In the framework of his participation in the NATO Summit, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an unscheduled meeting with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Mark Rutte in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 13:08 During the tete-a-tete and expanded format talks, the parties confirmed the start of a training mission for Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft in August this year and discussed the prospects of attracting new partners to the fighter jet coalition. 1 2 ... 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine