15 captures 12 Mar 2020 - 16 Jun 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220521060251/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pamyat-kozhnogo-voyina-yakij-viddav-zhittya-za-ukrayinu-maye-60109 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:29 View all videos n latest news We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:25 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Atlantic Council think tank 20 May 2022 - 17:27 President met with the Chairpersons of both Houses of the Irish Parliament 20 May 2022 - 16:06 Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: The memory of every warrior who sacrificed life for Ukraine should be honored at the highest level 11 March 2020 - 12:01 Together with the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, the General Staff of the Armed Forces and the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiates the elaboration of a ceremony of honoring the Ukrainian military who died for their homeland. During the presentation of new Minister of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Taran, Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that yesterday, in the area of the Joint Forces Operation, enemy troops attacked Ukrainian positions using weapons prohibited by the Minsk agreements. The enemy also fired at a military truck of one of the JFO units. "Unfortunately, three of our warriors were killed. My sincere condolences to their families and relatives,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The memory of the fallen heroes was honored with a moment of silence. According to the President, everything is being done now for the peaceful settlement of the conflict in eastern Ukraine. "But I do not advise the enemy to think that our desire for peace weakens our ability to fight back," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Ukrainian military are always authorized to respond to the aggressor's actions. «Anyone who thinks that it is possible to fire at Ukrainian soldiers without being punished is fatally mistaken. And this is evidenced by the statistics of the enemy's losses in March,” the Head of State said. The President emphasized the importance of honoring the soldiers killed in eastern Ukraine. “A ceremony of honoring every hero who sacrificed his life for the homeland is currently being developed. We all pray to God for there to be as few such ceremonies as possible. But for the time being, there is a war going on and the memory of anyone who died for Ukraine will be honored properly,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State reminded that the bodies of the crew and Ukrainian citizens who were killed in the crash of the UIA plane in Iran were returned home in January this year. "Then I applied to the Ministry of Defense and asked to elaborate the same high-level ceremony for every hero returning from Donbas," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that such a plan should be drawn up in the coming week with the participation of the new Minister of Defense, Chief of the General Staff and the Ministry of Veterans Affairs. “We are ready to assist within the President's Office. I personally also want to work on this issue so that in every town where our heroes return, we do not only treat them with respect, but also honor them at the highest level in the world,” the Head of State said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine