11 captures 26 Oct 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Sep OCT Nov 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221026175303/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-radnikami-prezident-78721 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The sooner peace is achieved in Ukraine thanks to our victory, the less evil Russia will bring to other regions - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2022 - 22:48 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak, Valeriy Zaluzhny talk by phone with adviser to Prime Minister of UK 26 October 2022 - 20:01 President of Ukraine notes positive trend in bilateral cooperation with Israel 26 October 2022 - 19:55 Ukraine interested in building multifaceted relations with African countries – Zelenskyy after meeting with President of Guinea-Bissau 26 October 2022 - 19:16 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with advisors to the President of the United States, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and the President of France 26 October 2022 - 08:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal President of Germany in Kyiv 25 October 2022 - 20:08 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with advisors to the President of the United States, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and the President of France 26 October 2022 - 08:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, British Prime Minister's National Security Adviser Timothy Barrow and French President's Diplomatic Adviser Emmanuel Bonne. Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutors about the situation on the frontline, as well as about the intensified shelling of Ukrainian cities and critical infrastructure facilities by Russia with the use of missiles and Iranian kamikaze drones. In this context, the urgent need to urgently receive from the partner states a sufficient number of air defense means to be able to effectively counter Russian missile terror was emphasized. The opinion was expressed that the development of an effective air defense system in Ukraine should become one of the elements of security guarantees. The interlocutors separately discussed a block of issues related to the development of security guarantees for Ukraine in the context of the elaboration of the position document by the Yermak-Rasmussen International Expert Group. During the negotiations, there was a thorough exchange of views regarding the latest provocative statements by the Russian side about the alleged intentions of Ukraine to use a "dirty bomb". It was emphasized that such accusations are completely groundless and that they are part of a disinformation campaign conducted by Putin's Russia against our state. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine spoke about measures to respond to such accusations by the Kremlin. The representatives of the USA, Great Britain and France were informed about the readiness to receive a delegation of IAEA experts who will be able to convince themselves of the groundlessness of the Russian accusations. The interlocutors highly praised Ukraine's efforts to involve the Agency in solving this situation. The parties agreed that the democratic world should do everything possible to prevent Russia from using nuclear weapons or a "dirty bomb" against our country. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine