1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070440/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=16 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine offers steps to foster peace settlement in Donbas, ready for talks in various formats – Zelenskyy 21 December 2021 - 20:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy reiterates that Ukraine is constantly initiating steps to advance in the process of ending the war and reaching a peaceful settlement in Donbas and is ready to negotiate in any format with the participation of the Russian Federation. Ukraine's foreign policy today needs four things: speed, creativity, ambition and efficiency – Zelenskyy 21 December 2021 - 13:29 Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the need to change the style and philosophy of Ukraine's foreign policy – it must be fast, creative, ambitious and effective. To prevent possible escalation by Russia, strong preventive sanctions needed, not post-factum response – President of Ukraine 20 December 2021 - 16:17 To prevent a possible escalation by the Russian Federation and the deteriorating security situation in Europe, the international community must take strong preventive steps, rather than reacting to events that have already taken place, as it was with the migration crisis on Poland and Lithuania's borders with Belarus. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukraine, Lithuania, Poland have common approaches to key challenges in region, as evidenced by signing of joint statement – Zelenskyy 20 December 2021 - 16:01 The first personal meeting of the heads of state of the Lublin Triangle testified to the unity of positions and approaches of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland to the most pressing issues and key challenges in the region. Proof of this was the signing of a joint statement by the leaders of the three states, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said. Joint statement by the President of Ukraine, the President of the Republic of Lithuania and the President of the Republic of Poland 20 December 2021 - 16:01 The Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland reaffirmed their commitment to the sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders, extending to its territorial waters. President of Ukraine: We are starting geographical decentralization of diplomacy, meeting of Ukrainian ambassadors to take place in Huta every year 20 December 2021 - 15:34 The conference with the participation of all ambassadors of Ukraine, which will take place on December 21-22 in Huta, Ivano-Frankivsk region, will begin a large-scale process of geographical decentralization of Ukrainian diplomacy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who was speaking with media representatives after a trilateral meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania at the Syniohora residence. Trilateral meeting of presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland begins 20 December 2021 - 12:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda are holding a trilateral meeting at the Syniohora State Residence in Ivano-Frankivsk region. The Polish and Lithuanian leaders arrived at the site in the morning, where they were met by the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukrainians abroad are "soft" force that firmly defends Ukraine's interests 18 December 2021 - 20:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an online meeting with members of leading organizations of Ukrainians living abroad. The event was attended by representatives of Ukrainian organizations from Australia, Argentina, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Estonia, Italy, Spain, Canada, Germany, Lithuania, South Africa, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the United States, Turkey and the Czech Republic. Situation with heating season is under control – meeting of energy coordination headquarters with participation of President 17 December 2021 - 20:57 The Government and the Ministry of Energy coordinated work with energy market operators, NPC Ukrenergo and the National Energy and Utilities Regulatory Commission of Ukraine (NEURC) to resolve the situation with coal shortages in the warehouses of some TPPs and CHPPs. Head of state meets with representatives of Ukrainian Council of Churches, signs law on military chaplains 17 December 2021 - 19:50 Representatives of the Council of Churches thanked the head of state for supporting this important law. For his part, Zelenskyy thanked the Ukrainian military, which is defending our state, for their help. 1 2 ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine