9 captures 12 Aug 2022 - 04 Aug 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220812125508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/grupa-yermaka-makfola-obgovorila-z-predstavnikami-verhovnoyi-76697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny held a phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 12 August 2022 - 08:53 Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with founder of the World Central Kitchen humanitarian organization Jose Andres 11 August 2022 - 18:02 No one will be able to stop the wind carrying radiation, but all of us can stop the terrorist state of Russia - President's speech at the Conference of Defense Ministers of Northern European Countries and Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 14:08 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the awards ceremony on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the AFU 7 August 2022 - 13:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak-McFaul's group discussed strengthening sanctions against the Russian Federation with representatives of the Verkhovna Rada 27 July 2022 - 21:24 The international working group on sanctions against Russia chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul held an online meeting with the leadership of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine and representatives of parliamentary factions and groups. At the beginning of the meeting, Andriy Yermak noted that the work of the group stimulates the development of sanctions policy against the aggressor country - the Russian Federation. In particular, its activities influenced the appearance of resolutions calling for Russia to be recognized as a state sponsor of terrorism in the Senate, and then in the House of Representatives of the US Congress. "Our group, I believe, has become a really basic platform for the formation and analysis of sanctions policy. Today, all partners use our recommendations," he emphasized. The Head of the Office of the President said that Russian assets worth more than 23 billion US dollars have been frozen abroad and work continues on their transfer to Ukraine, for which a number of partners have made appropriate changes to their legislation. "The Russian banking system is being cut off from the world. Banning the export of a long list of technologies and products to Russia relegates it to the past. Personal sanctions are being introduced against top officials of the aggressor country and people close to them," Andriy Yermak said. He added that the goal of the expert group is to introduce sanctions against all members of the United Russia party. In addition, work continues on the Book of Torturers, which will contain information about every Russian war criminal involved in atrocities on the territory of Ukraine. According to him, the embargo on Russian gold, which is Russia's second most profitable export product, will deprive it of multibillion-dollar revenues. In the framework of the oil embargo, some countries completely gave up Russian oil, and the European Union undertook to give up seaborne oil. Preparations for the introduction of a gas embargo are ongoing. In addition, the Head of the President's Office said that the Yermak-McFaul International Group offered the countries of the sanctions coalition to introduce a requirement for mandatory disclosure of information regarding any business contacts with Russian citizens, joint ownership of corporate rights and property. A draft resolution has already been submitted to the US Congress. It is also proposed to strengthen the responsibility - up to criminal - for the evasion of sanctions. This decision is already being considered in the EU. "Perhaps such initiatives should also be included in Ukrainian legislation, if the Verkhovna Rada decides to endorse them," noted Andriy Yermak. Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Ruslan Stefanchuk emphasized that the parliament is ready to coordinate actions to strengthen the sanctions policy against Russia. Representatives of parliamentary factions and groups expressed their proposals and ideas on ways to strengthen sanctions and increase their effectiveness. In particular, the importance of secondary sanctions against states, individuals or legal entities that contribute to Russia's aggression or help the Russian Federation circumvent restrictions was noted. Co-chairman of the International Sanctions Group Michael McFaul noted that experts are actively working on the issue of secondary sanctions and are ready to discuss various ideas, in particular with parliamentarians. "We all have one primary task - to stop Putin's terrible invasion of your country," he emphasized. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the sanctions group is absolutely open to any kind of cooperation. "We are also interested in receiving proposals from our parliament regarding new sanctions and those that have already been introduced. The very fact that the war continues shows that the sanctions are not enough, so the group's work is continued non-stop," the Head of the President's Office emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine