3 captures 08 Sep 2024 - 04 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240908200753/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=168 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Main Focus Now, at the Beginning of the Fall, is to Strengthen the Positions of Ukraine as Much as Possible – Address by the President 8 September 2024 - 20:02 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine qualifies Russia's latest actions as a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2022 - 02:48 By its decisions to recognize the "independence" of the occupied districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Russia is violating the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and legalizing its troops in Donbas, which have been there since 2014. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an address following a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. The National Security and Defense Council has been put into operation 24/7 - Oleksiy Danilov 21 February 2022 - 23:59 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an urgent meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, at which representatives of the security and defense sector reported on the situation in Ukraine and at its state borders. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Slovakia 21 February 2022 - 17:29 The interlocutors exchanged views on the development of the current security situation around our country and in the east of the country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Eduard Heger about the aggravation of the situation, in particular the intensification of provocative shelling of Ukrainian positions, settlements, Shchastya checkpoint and the UN humanitarian convoy by illegal armed groups. President of Ukraine held a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference 20 February 2022 - 15:06 As part of his participation in the 58th Munich Security Conference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a series of meetings with leaders of other states and international institutions. President of Ukraine and the First Lady honored the memory of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2022 - 10:52 The Head of State and his wife placed icon lamps near the cross at the site of the death of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred on Instytutska Street in the center of Kyiv. President held a meeting with the leadership of law enforcement agencies at Boryspil airport 19 February 2022 - 23:20 The President received up-to-date information from the intelligence services on the situation on the territory of Russia and Belarus along the Ukrainian border, as well as in the temporarily occupied territories of Crimea, Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukraine is well aware of what is happening on our borders and does not react to provocations - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 February 2022 - 20:56 Ukraine has been in a tense situation for many years, but today the risks have increased due to the significant concentration of Russian troops on our borders. However, the Ukrainian defense forces understand everything and do not react to provocations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in a panel discussion in the framework of the 58th Munich Security Conference. Ukraine initiates consultations in the framework of the Budapest Memorandum - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 18:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also proposed to convene a summit of permanent members of the UN Security Council in the coming weeks with the participation of Ukraine, Germany and Turkey in order to address security challenges in Europe and elaborate new, effective security guarantees for Ukraine, as long as it is not a member of NATO yet and in fact is in a “security vacuum”. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 18:14 We will defend our land with or without the support of partners. Whether they give us hundreds of modern weapons or five thousand helmets. We appreciate any help, but everyone should understand that these are not charitable contributions that Ukraine should ask for or remind of. These are not noble gestures for which Ukraine should bow low. This is your contribution to the security of Europe and the world. Where Ukraine has been a reliable shield for eight years. And for eight years it has been rebuffing one of the world's biggest armies. Regarding the participation of the Head of State in the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 09:27 Today, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a visit to Munich (Germany) to take part in the annual security conference and hold talks scheduled for this venue. The visit is planned to be dynamic, the return to Kyiv is today. 1 2 ... 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 ... 177 178 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine