1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309015744/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The participants of the talks reached an agreement on securing humanitarian corridors where the fiercest fighting continues - Mykhailo Podoliak 3 March 2022 - 22:31 During the second round of talks, the representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation reached an agreement on joint provision of humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians, as well as for the delivery of medicines and food to the areas of the fiercest fighting. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak following the talks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I would not like a story about Ukraine as about 300 Spartans - I wish peace to my country 3 March 2022 - 22:27 Ukrainians do not take anything from anyone, but protect their land and their freedom. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for foreign media. 3 March 2022 - 21:49 Essay by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak for The New York Times 3 March 2022 - 13:33 As I Write, President Zelensky Is Beside Me. Please, Help Us Show Putin the Mistake He Has Made. They wanted to destroy Ukraine so many times, but failed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 March 2022 - 11:20 We've been through so much! And if someone thinks that, having overcome all this, Ukrainians - all of us - are scared, broken or will surrender, he knows nothing about Ukraine. And he has nothing to do in Ukraine. For us, this is a patriotic war, and we know how such wars end for the invaders - address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2022 - 01:14 Ukrainians! Every invader should know: they will not get anything here. No one will be conquered. Even if they can accumulate more equipment and more people, it doesn't change anything for them. Wherever they enter. They will be destroyed everywhere. They will not have peace. They will have no food. They will not have a single quiet moment. The invaders will receive only a rebuff from Ukrainians. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with local authorities on the current security situation in the country 2 March 2022 - 21:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with mayors, heads of regional state administrations and heads of military administrations. Address by the President: Ukrainians are a symbol of invincibility 2 March 2022 - 09:32 The whole world admires you. From Hollywood stars to politicians. Today you, Ukrainians, are a symbol of invincibility. A symbol that people in any country can become the best people on earth at any moment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The world already understands that the President of the Russian Federation should be brought to the negotiating table as soon as there is willingness to talk to him 1 March 2022 - 21:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy states that he does not have high expectations from the current format of the Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire talks, because in addition to calls, concrete steps towards each other are needed. However, the civilized world must bring President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to the negotiating table before it is too late. This was stated by the President in an interview with CNN and Reuters. Ukraine fights for values of freedom and democracy, therefore counts on support of civilized world - President 1 March 2022 - 20:40 Today, Ukraine is fighting for the values of freedom and democracy, and other countries of the civilized world must support our state in this struggle. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for CNN and Reuters. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine