27 captures 11 Sep 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. Collection: nbcnews.com TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230912102509/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/front-za-minuli-sim-dniv-mayemo-prosuvannya-vpered-zvernenny-85545 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Declarations should be open immediately - address by the President of Ukraine 12 September 2023 - 10:20 View all videos n latest news Declarations should be open immediately - address by the President of Ukraine 12 September 2023 - 10:19 Paperwork in the military should be much less – address of President of Ukraine 11 September 2023 - 21:44 Estonia will soon become the first EU country to introduce a mechanism for the use of confiscated Russian assets - Ihor Zhovkva after the meeting with Kyllike Sillaste-Elling 11 September 2023 - 20:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany 11 September 2023 - 17:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Physical Culture and Sports 8 September 2023 - 20:51 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Front: over the past seven days, we have advanced - address by the President of Ukraine 10 September 2023 - 22:28 Fellow Ukrainians! At the end of this week, it is important to say a few things. First of all, the frontline. Over the past seven days, we have advanced. There is movement in the Tavria directions. There is movement in the Bakhmut direction. Kupyansk and Lyman directions, Avdiivka and Maryinka - we are holding our ground there. I am grateful to all the warriors who make this possible! Every week, our warriors continuously keep the initiative in the hands of Ukraine. It is Ukrainian heroism that determines how this war will end. We must all remember this. Secondly, I want to thank all our people who have been helping to overcome the consequences of Russian shelling and rescuing people over the past week. Sumy, Dnipropetrovsk region, Donetsk region, cities of Odesa region. Thank you! Kostiantynivka, Donetsk region. Paramedic Ruslan Hubanov, Police Lieutenant. After the Russian terrorists attacked, he rescued the wounded and pulled people out of the rubble. In total, he saved 82 people during his time on duty. Thank you, Ruslan! Police Lieutenant Oleh Sizov also works as a paramedic. He saved 153 people during his time on duty. Just imagine how many lives are saved by one person. Thank you, Oleh! Police Captain Olena Vasylenko arrives at the sites of the attacks, documents the consequences of the shelling, and helps the wounded. She herself came under artillery fire, was wounded, and returned to duty. Thank you, Olena! And I thank the guys, the Ukrainian rescuers who were the first to arrive after the Russian attack on Kostiantynivka, on the market: firefighter-rescuer Roman Dychko, Chief Master Sergeant Denys Sukhanov, Captain of the Civil Defense Service Serhiy Chikin. Brutal shelling of Kryvyi Rih. One person was killed. My condolences to the family... 60 wounded. I thank each and every one of you who helped save people! And I would like to especially mention Vadym Kuchkurda, Yevheniy Huba and Vladyslav Kurasov, employees of our State Emergency Service. The guys rescued three people from under the rubble. Thank you! I would also like to mention police officers Bohdan Kovalenko and Valeriy Velykyi. They were among the first to arrive at the site of the attack and began to get people out of the rubble. Sumy. Police Senior Lieutenant Yaroslav Kuts arrived at the site of the Russian shelling and quickly extinguished the fire in close proximity to people trapped under the rubble. I thank you for this speed, Yaroslav! I would also like to recognize the employees of the Sumy region's State Emergency Service: Sergeants of the Civil Defense Service Pavlo Zhuk and Ihor Tokarenko, and Colonel of the Civil Defense Service Serhiy Halat. Thank you guys for saving the lives of our people! Odesa region, the city of Kiliya. Andriy Nosov, Andriy Mosienko, Andriy Vasylenko - our firefighters. Thank you, guys! The city of Reni. I would like to recognize a police officer, Major Denys Bandarenko. After the Russian attack by "Shaheds", he saved four people, provided them with medical care and took them to the hospital. I thank you, Denys! I also thank every Ukrainian doctor, every nurse and all Ukrainian combat medics who save the lives of our people and restore their strength! This is truly a great job. And one more thing. Today, near the city of Chasiv Yar in Donetsk region, Russian terrorists attacked a volunteer vehicle. A direct hit from an anti-tank missile system. As of this time, we know for sure that Anthony Ignat of Canada was killed. Unfortunately, Emma Igual of Spain is also likely to have been killed. My condolences to their families. Two other volunteers were taken to Dnipro hospitals - German citizen Mawick Ruben and Swedish citizen Johan Mathias - and they are being provided with the necessary assistance. This Russian shelling once again confirms how close the war against Ukraine is to everyone in the world who truly values human life and who believes it is the common moral duty of humanity to stop terror and defeat evil. Glory to all our warriors! Glory to all our people! I thank everyone in the world who helps Ukraine survive and protect lives! We will definitely prevail! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine