9 captures 29 May 2023 - 09 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230529185109/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-vikonuvachem-obovyaz-83221 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine to the American people on the US Memorial Day 29 May 2023 - 19:33 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine to the American people on the US Memorial Day 29 May 2023 - 19:31 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Acting Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Montenegro 29 May 2023 - 11:01 The support we received at the G7 Summit in Hiroshima makes it possible to look to the future with confidence on the way to victory - Andriy Yermak in an interview with the Japanese TV channel NHK 28 May 2023 - 20:15 Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Acting Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Montenegro 29 May 2023 - 11:01 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Acting Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Montenegro Filip Ivanović. Ihor Zhovkva conveyed sincere congratulations from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to President of Montenegro Jakov Milatović on winning the elections. Filip Ivanović emphasized the immutability of Montenegro's policy of further support for Ukraine in countering Russian aggression, as well as the continuation of the sanctions policy towards Russia. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude to the Montenegrin side for its consistent comprehensive support of Ukraine, as well as Montenegro's important assistance in promoting Ukraine's membership in the EU and the North Atlantic Alliance. Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about Ukraine's progress in implementing its European integration course and our country's expectations regarding the results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius. The parties also exchanged views on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula as the only effective plan for achieving lasting and just peace. The possibility of Montenegro joining the implementation of certain points of the formula was noted. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office expressed hope that Montenegro could join the coalition of states to establish a special tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva expressed the interest of the Ukrainian side in the visit of the President of Montenegro to Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine