8 captures 12 Feb 2022 - 18 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214025506/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-hersonshini-volodimir-zelenskij-pereglyanuv-navchannya-si-72853 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In the Kherson region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the drills of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 12 February 2022 - 15:21 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the conduct of tactical and special exercises of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. The exercises are taking place in Kalanchak, near the administrative border with the temporarily occupied Crimea. They are aimed at preparing the Interior Ministry as much as possible to respond effectively to destabilizing factors. The Head of State was informed that, according to the exercise script, plans are being prepared for internal destabilization of the situation with the use of elements of hybrid warfare. In particular, with the help of social networks and telegram-bots, false information is spread about the allegedly difficult situation in the energy sector, interruptions in heating and water supply, rolling blackouts. Against this background, according to the script, there are riots, attempts to undermine critical infrastructure, and seize administrative buildings. To overcome this situation, law enforcement officers have worked out skills to deploy an operational headquarters, eliminate emergencies related to the disconnection of the village from the electricity supply, and ensure public order. In addition, operations were carried out to stabilize the situation on the border with the temporarily occupied territories, to respond to the facts of illegal crossing of checkpoints, etc. There was also a special operation to identify, block and eliminate armed groups and sabotage-reconnaissance groups, detain armed criminals, and liberate seized administrative buildings. "These are mass exercises, 1,300 people are involved. These exercises are not accidental, they take place in all border regions of our state. Coordinated work of the National Police, SES, National Guard. This is how our state was supposed to work in 2014," the President said during a conversation with media representatives in the Kherson region. He stressed that military exercises will be held in Ukraine simultaneously. "Yesterday a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council took place, we are acting in accordance with our plan. We are not afraid of anyone, do not panic, everything is under control," the Head of State stressed. ph Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 ph Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine