5 captures 10 Dec 2022 - 21 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221210035712/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/garantuvannya-bezpeki-mikolayivskij-oblasti-ta-yiyi-portam-b-79745 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:05 View all videos n latest news Roman Mashovets meets with Ambassador of Estonia to Ukraine 9 December 2022 - 22:31 Head of President's Office holds meeting with journalists from Vatican, representatives of Catholic media 9 December 2022 - 22:27 Russia's full-scale aggression against Ukraine evidences crisis of international human rights protection system, necessary to look for ways to reform it – Andriy Yermak 9 December 2022 - 21:04 To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in "UA: Human Rights in Dark Times" International Conference in Kyiv 9 December 2022 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Guaranteeing the security of the Mykolaiv region and its ports will be the next step towards ensuring global food security - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the TRT World Forum 2022 in Istanbul 9 December 2022 - 13:03 Mr. President Erdoğan! Mr. Prime Minister Rama! Dear friends! Thank you for your attention to Ukraine and now I would like to address the entire audience gathered by this Forum. A powerful audience. Powerful is not a random word now, it is a key word. A word that reflects our capabilities - of Ukraine, Türkiye, the Black Sea region. Capabilities right now - and in the future years and decades. The Russian war against Ukraine showed the value of stability in our region. This is one of the historical mistakes of the Russian leader - with his insane aggression, he only proved that the security of Ukraine and the Black Sea region is critically important for global security, and any aggression in our part of the world is a global crime. The food crisis that the world has experienced this year and that we are overcoming together with Türkiye and the UN fully illustrates what I am talking about. There would not be any severity of the food crisis if the Russian fleet had not blocked our ports in the Black Sea. Without the export of our food, the global market is instantly destabilized. This was felt by various countries in Africa and Asia, and this was manifested in food price fluctuations in other parts of the planet. But thanks to our brave warriors who are changing the balance of power in the confrontation with Russia and thanks to the power of diplomacy, we managed to resume sea exports from the three Black Sea ports of Ukraine. Since July of this year, we have already exported more than 13 million tons of agricultural products to 40 countries around the world. The global market felt it. In the end, it was also reflected in social stability in the respective countries consuming our food. That’s what our power is. Ukraine, Türkiye, the UN - together they are preventing the threat of famine, which so much has been said about. When we jointly take care of the security of our region, of normal life in our region, it provides, as a result, elements of global security. It provides the elements of peace that all conscientious states need. Recently, at the G19 summit in Indonesia, I presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula. A formula that can put an end to Russian aggression and restore the force of international law for Ukraine and all other nations. Food security is one of the elements of our Peace Formula. And this is something where the leadership role of Türkiye can manifest itself one hundred percent. If we manage not only to maintain the current level of agricultural exports from Ukraine and our humanitarian initiative - "Grain From Ukraine" - which helps the poorest countries maintain stability, but also to restore the full-fledged export of Ukrainian food in the volume that the world needs. Now there are more than 13 million tons of agricultural products for export. And we can ensure tens of millions of tons more. Our ports involved in the grain export initiative are operating at half capacity only. And this is only because Russia slows down the implementation of exports - it keeps ships waiting for "inspections". As of today, more than 80 ships are waiting. And this is not just something about trade. This means that hundreds of thousands of people have less food on their tables. This means that hundreds of thousands of people overpay for food. Why? Only because one state blackmails everyone with food. The average waiting period for ships is 3-5 weeks. Because of this, 2-3 million tons of Ukrainian agricultural products are under-exported every month. Does our region have the potential to solve this? It definitely has. And if we manage to eliminate several more vectors of Russian aggression against Ukraine and guarantee the safety of our Mykolaiv region, in particular the ports of the region, this will be another step towards a more complete guarantee of global food security. Is there potential for this in the Black Sea region? There is, too. This could be a move by Türkiye - a diplomatic move. Ladies and Gentlemen! The fact that we manage to implement such initiatives as the grain export initiative and the "Grain from Ukraine" humanitarian initiative gives us a format for implementing other similar initiatives, other points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The main thing is leadership. The main thing is not just to know about your power, not just to demonstrate it occasionally, but to direct its potential for the sake of peace. The Ukrainian Peace Formula is formulated in such a way that its points allow each state and each leader to choose the aspect in which the determination of this particular state and this leader can work. I suggest that all our partners choose points for themselves - so that the entire peace formula is implemented. So that step by step - as with grain initiatives - we achieve the security architecture we need. Guarantee radiation and nuclear security. Guarantee food security. Guarantee energy security, stop insane Russian missile terror. Guarantee the release of all prisoners, the return of all deportees. By the way, Türkiye and President Erdoğan have already helped us significantly with this point - we are grateful for that. The next point of our Peace Formula is to guarantee the implementation of the UN Charter and the restoration of the territorial integrity of Ukraine. Guarantee the withdrawal of Russian troops from the occupied land and thereby stop hostilities. Guarantee justice - by punishing those guilty of terror and compensating for damages. Guarantee effective countermeasures against ecocide and save the Black Sea region from environmental disasters that may become a repercussion of the Russian war. Guarantee the prevention of any escalation and the durability of peace after dismantling all elements of Russian aggression. The Ukrainian Peace Formula is clear. Does it look unrealistic? Not at all. It looks now just as the idea of ​​renewing grain exports from our seaports looked in May of this year. Already in July, exports resumed - thanks to our joint power. Let this power work in everything else that is needed for peace! Thank you, Türkiye, for your support! Thank you, Mr. President! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine