1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=29 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine creates a national air carrier - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 November 2021 - 14:03 Launch of the national air carrier, new modern airdromes, transformation of Boryspil International Airport into an Eastern European air hub, revival of aircraft construction and strengthening cooperation with the European Union are goals for the coming years, said President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the "Large Construction: Aviation and Tourism" Forum in Kyiv. In the presence of Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Airbus signed a memorandum of cooperation 25 November 2021 - 12:26 The document was signed by Minister of Infrastructure Oleksandr Kubrakov and Airbus Vice President for Europe and Central Asia Kimon Sotiropoulos during the “Large Construction: Aviation and Tourism” Forum. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Poland 24 November 2021 - 19:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. President: To have dignity and freedom, you need a strong army that defends the state 21 November 2021 - 12:23 "I think it is symbolic, because in order to defend the freedom of our state, our agency, independence and territorial integrity, we must have such a powerful army, whose representatives are here now," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy and stressed that it is a great honor for him, as for each of those present and all Ukrainians, to congratulate the defenders on the holiday. On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid tribute to the fallen Maidan activists 21 November 2021 - 10:20 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy put an icon lamp to the cross on the Alley of Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred in Kyiv, honoring the memory of the fallen Maidan activists. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Dignity and Freedom 21 November 2021 - 09:00 You have to be worthy, not give up. Because Ukrainians are not used to giving up. Because they have dignity. And therefore - freedom! Pursuant to the instruction by the President, the Ukrainian delegation at the Halifax Forum will inform the world community about the security situation in Ukraine and near our border 20 November 2021 - 16:08 During the visit to Canada, starting from November 19, the Ukrainian delegation is holding a series of meetings with representatives of the political and military-political leadership, political elites and business structures of the country. Representatives of our state will also discuss the security situation in Ukraine and the world with a delegation of the United States Senate and heads of state bodies of the countries participating in the forum. Andriy Sybiha discussed preparations for the Fifth International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine with Swiss representatives 19 November 2021 - 16:49 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha met with Ambassador of the Swiss Confederation to Ukraine Claude Wild and Ambassador for special assignments of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Simon Pidou, who is in charge of preparing for the 2022 International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine. At the initiative of the President of Ukraine, representatives of the Ministry of Defense and the State Special Communications Service are participating for the first time in the annual Cyber Flag 21 cyber exercises 18 November 2021 - 18:19 At the initiative and with the assistance of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the United States, representatives of the Ministry of Defense and the State Service of Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine are participating in the annual Cyber Flag 21 cyber exercise for the first time in history. The Office of the President, as well as representatives of the embassies of the two countries were involved in the organization and preparation of the event. President initiated electronic submission of information about the beneficiaries by the companies 18 November 2021 - 17:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy submitted to the Verkhovna Rada the bill “On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts to Simplify the Provision of Information for Financial Monitoring”, which simplifies the provision of information on ultimate beneficiaries to the Unified State Register of Legal Entities and Individual Entrepreneurs. 1 2 ... 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine