1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024624/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=18 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discussed with advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Romania the issue of security guarantees for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 20:29 On the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with foreign policy advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Romania. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 27 April 2023 - 12:14 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny emphasized the importance of continuing active support of the Ukrainian army by partners, including the supply of weapons and ammunition. Andriy Yermak held a briefing on defense issues for the UK delegation led by Timothy Barrow 27 April 2023 - 10:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a briefing on countering a full-scale Russian invasion for the UK delegation led by National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul, presented a new action plan to further strengthen sanctions pressure on Russia. Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 The parties discussed ways to strengthen cooperation to stop the violation of the rights of Ukrainian children by the Russian Federation, in particular their illegal deportation from the territory of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak had phone talk with foreign policy advisors to heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland, foreign policy advisor to Finland's President 21 April 2023 - 21:16 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a phone talk with the foreign policy advisors to the heads of government of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Iceland and the foreign policy advisor to the President of Finland. The parties discussed the formats of further support for Ukraine. Daria Herasymchuk met with the delegation of the European Commission, European Parliament and Sweden led by Dubravka Šuica 21 April 2023 - 14:52 Daria Herasymchuk spoke about cases of abduction of young Ukrainians by the occupiers. According to her, the main goal of our state is to completely stop the deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation and ensure their safe return and reunification with their families. So that Russia does not try to resort to new acts of aggression, Ukraine must become a strong outpost of Europe, the embodiment of strength and modernity - Andriy Yermak at the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 23:03 Andriy Yermak called the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in today's summit symbolic. Daria Herasymchuk met with experts of the human dimension mechanism of the OSCE, which will focus on the issue of the deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation 18 April 2023 - 23:29 Daria Herasymchuk noted that Ukraine strives to completely stop the forced deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation and insists on their safe return to their homeland and reunification with their families in accordance with the interests of the child and international law. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the British Prime Minister's National Security Adviser 18 April 2023 - 21:39 The parties discussed the current situation at the front and the importance of supplying Ukraine with the necessary weapons for the successful liberation of territories occupied by Russian troops. 1 2 ... 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine