4 captures 22 Mar 2024 - 19 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240322231803/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-direktorom-finskogo-institutu-miz-89821 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian terror is only possible now because we lack enough air defense systems, because our partners lack the political will to provide them – address by the President 22 March 2024 - 20:33 View all videos n latest news Yulia Sokolovska, Olha Budnyk discussed with the British Council leadership the continuation of cooperation, new projects with the President of Ukraine's Fund 22 March 2024 - 21:41 Andriy Yermak met with Director of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs Mika Aaltola 22 March 2024 - 21:17 Russian terror is only possible now because we lack enough air defense systems, because our partners lack the political will to provide them – address by the President 22 March 2024 - 20:31 Olena Zelenska during her visit to the Child Rights Protection Center: We cannot let down our children – childhood must be protected 22 March 2024 - 20:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the 2nd anniversary of Kyiv region liberation 21 March 2024 - 13:50 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Director of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs Mika Aaltola 22 March 2024 - 21:17 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Mika Aaltola, the Director of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs, the leading expert institution of Finland. Andriy Yermak thanked his counterpart for the visit to our country and the strong messages regarding the critical importance of supporting Ukraine during the presidential elections in Finland. He also noted the strong sincere assistance to our country from Finland and all the Northern European states. The head of the Office of the President briefed the director of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs on today's heavy Russian missile and drone attack on Ukraine's energy system and the complex situation in several regions of our country. Andriy Yermak discussed with the director of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparations for the first inaugural Global Peace Summit. Emphasis was placed on the importance of involving the Global South countries, taking into account the specificity of each of them. "We want to achieve a just and lasting peace. And the world needs to think about how to restore respect for international law and international organizations," he said. As noted by the head of the Office of the President, the Peace Formula should help develop mechanisms to overcome the problems caused by wars. Additionally, through this platform, Ukraine unites the world against those aggressive states that seek to divide it. Andriy Yermak and Mika Aaltola also exchanged views on the NATO Summit in Washington, where Ukraine sought an invitation to begin membership negotiations. The head of the President's Office expressed confidence that such a decision, like Finland and Sweden's NATO membership, would strengthen the Alliance and the security of the entire Europe. The interlocutors agreed to maintain regular dialogue and coordinate steps for further cooperation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine