6 captures 11 Nov 2023 - 14 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231111015054/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-pripiniti-poshirennya-rosijskoyi-propagandi-ta-dezinf-86901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to bolster Ukraine's strength – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 November 2023 - 19:07 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 10 November 2023 - 21:34 The cooperation and unity of all who truly value peace that can prevent catastrophes and stop the suffering of peoples – address of the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Paris Peace Forum 10 November 2023 - 21:10 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of National Defence of Lithuania 10 November 2023 - 20:41 The Head of State accepted the letters of credence from the Ambassadors of South Africa, Bangladesh, Guinea, who have commenced their duties in Ukraine 10 November 2023 - 20:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We must stop the spread of Russian propaganda and disinformation in the world - Ihor Zhovkva during a meeting with Pieyre-Alexandre Anglade 10 November 2023 - 10:15 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Pieyre-Alexandre Anglade, Chairman of the Committee on European Affairs of the National Assembly of France, who is on a visit to Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the interlocutor for the participation of the French representative in the meeting of national security advisors and political directors on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which took place in Malta in late October. In this context, the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office invited the French side to join the international coalition for the return of Ukrainian children illegally displaced to the territory of the aggressor state, created as a result of the aforementioned meeting. Pieyre-Alexandre Anglade assured of continued support for Ukraine's efforts to implement the Formula and to engage the Global South in this process. The parties also discussed Ukraine's progress in European integration. The Chairman of the Committee on European Affairs of the National Assembly of France congratulated Ukraine on the historic decision of the European Commission to recommend the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU. Ihor Zhovkva briefed Pieyre-Alexandre Anglade on Ukraine's military needs on the eve of the winter period. The interlocutors also outlined further joint steps to counter Russian propaganda in the world. "Russia will continue to wage an information war against our country. We have to make efforts to stop the spread of propaganda and disinformation of the aggressor state around the world, in particular among the countries of the Global South," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine