10 captures 11 Dec 2019 - 04 Dec 2023 Jun JUL Aug 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220716191753/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/povne-vsebichne-ta-bezstrokove-pripinennya-vognyu-na-shodi-u-58801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will come to the day when Russian terror will become impossible, but for this we still need to fight – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2022 - 23:21 View all videos n latest news Ukraine calls on bosses of US, European banks to sever ties with groups that trade Russian oil, stop lending to Russian war crimes – Oleg Ustenko 16 July 2022 - 19:04 Invader never stops if you give in to it – Olena Zelenska in interview with Corriere della Sera 16 July 2022 - 17:53 We will come to the day when Russian terror will become impossible, but for this we still need to fight – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2022 - 23:19 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Internal Affairs 15 July 2022 - 21:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Complete, comprehensive and unconditional ceasefire in eastern Ukraine should begin by the end of 2019 10 December 2019 - 02:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that during the meeting of leaders of the countries - participants in the Normandy format, a complete ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, which should start by the end of 2019, had been agreed. “First of all, these are urgent measures to stabilize the security situation in eastern Ukraine. This is a complete, comprehensive and indefinite ceasefire in eastern Ukraine, which should begin by the end of 2019,” the Head of State said during a meeting with the media following the Normandy summit in Paris. The President also stressed that it had been agreed to extend the mandate of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission with the possibility of conducting round-the-clock monitoring. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Normandy format countries supported the development and implementation of an updated mine clearance plan. In addition, the parties agreed to discuss new areas for disengagement in Donbas, which are of great humanitarian importance for all Ukrainians, within the Trilateral Contact Group in Minsk. French President Emmanuel Macron praised Volodymyr Zelenskyy's political courage and determination as President of Ukraine. “It helped restore trust on a reciprocal basis. We have also managed to emphasize at the highest level that we are trying to achieve a just and lasting peace, to end the conflict, which is not frozen and which has already led to 13,000 dead,” Emmanuel Macron said. He stressed the importance of achieving stability on the European continent and building a new architecture of trust and security by resolving the conflict in eastern Ukraine in the framework of the Minsk agreements. "These arrangements are the basis of conflict resolution. We have already started disengagement (ed.) in three pilot zones agreed in 2016. We also conducted an exchange of captives,” the French President recalled. ph Participation in the meeting of leaders of the countries-participants in the Normandy format 10 December 2019 - 01:17 ph Participation in the meeting of leaders of the countries-participants in the Normandy format 10 December 2019 - 01:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine