4 captures 12 Aug 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220812213346/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the American Jewish Committee Global Forum 13 June 2022 - 13:22 Defend the need to enhance sanctions against Russia. You are capable of it. We need powerful weapons for the offensive, without which the war will only drag on and the number of victims will increase. There are already 2606 affirmative answers to the question of whether Ukraine needs modern missile defense systems - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 June 2022 - 21:46 After the missile strike at the Ternopil region, ten people are still in hospitals. Among the victims is a 12-year-old girl from Kharkiv. She went to the Ternopil region to flee from the Russian army. And such facts will now determine perception of Russia in the world. Not Peter I or Lev Tolstoy, but children wounded and killed by Russian strikes. Address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the charity evening organized by CORE 12 June 2022 - 21:18 All of you have seen footage from Ukraine. Cruise missiles and bombs that raze schools, hospitals, theaters, museums, entire streets and neighborhoods to the ground. All of this is our reality. But definitely we will rebuild Ukraine. Streets and neighborhoods, peaceful cities and villages. We will heal bodies from wounds and souls from losses. And all of you can help us in this. The decision to grant Ukraine candidate status will strengthen not only our state, but also the entire EU - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 23:30 The final phase of the big diplomatic marathon, which is to end in a week and a half, has started today. The EU's first Ukrainian Center for Displaced Persons was opened in Vilnius 11 June 2022 - 18:29 The first Ukrainian center in the European Union for citizens who were forced to leave Ukraine was opened in the Lithuanian capital Vilnius. Since the beginning of the Russian aggression, the Republic of Lithuania has sheltered more than 50,000 Ukrainian displaced persons. Russia's war against Ukraine continues, so a powerful seventh package of sanctions is needed - President following talks with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 17:08 During a meeting with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for the preparation of the seventh package of sanctions against Russia, which should be even more powerful. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 16:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to our country. The world must return Russia to its borders - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Asian Security Summit 11 June 2022 - 14:17 "I believe that today the world must clearly put the Russian Federation and its leadership in their place. And their place is on their territory. And they should stay there, live and decide what to do there," the President stressed. On the battlefield in Ukraine, it is being decided what rules the world will live by - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Shangri-La Dialogue, the Asian Security Summit 11 June 2022 - 13:20 Let's save the world from going back to the days when everything was decided on the basis of the so-called right of force, and individuals and any of their ideas, like many nations, simply did not matter. Ukraine counts on the decision of the European Union to grant it the status of a candidate for EU membership already in June - Ihor Zhovkva 11 June 2022 - 10:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the informal international network United for Ukraine, which included representatives of the national parliaments of Lithuania, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Sweden and Spain. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine