2 captures 27 Jul 2022 - 12 Aug 2022 Jun JUL Aug 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220727032508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/boremosya-za-kozhnu-ditinu-shob-v-ukrayini-ne-bulo-vtracheno-76473 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:41 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:38 In an interview with Vogue magazine, the First Lady talked about Ukraine's resistance to the Russian invasion 26 July 2022 - 21:57 Ukraine's accession to the OECD Working Group on Bribery will contribute to the introduction of additional safeguards against corruption - Andriy Yermak 26 July 2022 - 21:53 The democracies of the world are capable of stopping any tyranny - speech by the President of Ukraine during the awarding of the Winston Churchill Leadership Award 26 July 2022 - 20:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife We are fighting for every child so that there is no "lost generation" in Ukraine - Olena Zelenska in an interview with Korean media 14 July 2022 - 20:57 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to the media representatives of the Republic of Korea regarding the situation in Ukraine due to the war started by Russia. The President's wife answered the questions of the KBS channel and the Yonhap News Agency. In particular, Olena Zelenska emphasized the need to inform the world as widely as possible about the events in Ukraine: "From the very beginning of the Russian invasion, it became clear that, in addition to the military, there is also an information front. Russia tells everyone that attacking first is normal and right, spreads fake news and spends a lot of money on it. Russian propaganda affects not only Russian citizens. Someone has to tell the truth." The First Lady of Ukraine informed about the recent Russian shelling of Ukrainian cities - Chasiv Yar, Mykolaiv, Odesa, Kharkiv. She noted that every day a new tragedy caused by Russian aggression occurs in Ukraine. "I am looking for answers not in reassuring words, but in action. I launched the National Mental Health and Psychosocial Support Program for the world's best professionals to help us deal with the enormous trauma that war has inflicted on our children. I don't want us to have a "lost generation" growing up, I want to fight for every child who cried on the platform being separated from dad, for every child we see injured in the hospital everyday. I want to restore their faith that they will recover, and that the world is not such a bad place," said Olena Zelenska. The President's wife also noted that both countries - the Republic of Korea and Ukraine - have a lot in common in their history. "You also experienced a devastating war, a huge number of victims, cities destroyed to the ground. You, like us, know what it's like to live next door to a neighbor who constantly threatens not just you, but the entire world with nuclear weapons. Then, in the fifties, the Western world came together to help South Korea win its war of freedom. Now the Western world has also united around Ukraine, clearly interpreting whose side the truth is on," the First Lady emphasized. According to Olena Zelenska, there is no place for a neutral position in the situation regarding the Russian invasion of our country: "War cannot be someone else's, because it not only threatens the democratic values of the world, but also can cause quite real famine and economic recession. Therefore, aid to Ukraine - humanitarian aid, aid with weapons, participation in recovery programs - is an unequivocal position for which we are grateful." v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine