1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926152832/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news More than 30 Countries and the EU Adopted a Joint Declaration of Support for Recovery and Reconstruction of Ukraine 26 September 2024 - 02:06 Joint Declaration of Support for Recovery and Reconstruction of Ukraine 26 September 2024 - 01:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Joseph Biden 26 September 2024 - 01:16 Today, We Are Laying the Foundation for the Architecture of Recovery - Speech by the President at the G7+ Ukraine Meeting 26 September 2024 - 01:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine Must Achieve a Just Peace and Be an Important Element of the Future Global Security Structure – Andriy Yermak 13 September 2024 - 19:51 Ukraine's efforts are now aimed at bringing the war to a just end and forming a reliable global security architecture, in which it will play one of the key roles. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, during his participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting. Lithuanian President Honored Andriy Yermak with the Order of the Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas 13 September 2024 - 10:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda. During the meeting, they discussed Lithuania's and partners’ support in Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression. Meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Took Place at the Office of the President 12 September 2024 - 22:10 Pursuant to the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Ylva Johansson who was on a working visit to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak Met with Leadership of the National Democratic Institute 12 September 2024 - 19:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with President of the National Democratic Institute Tamara Cofman Wittes and Senior Resident Country Director for the National Democratic Institute in Ukraine Dr. Marcin Piotr Walecki. Andriy Yermak Met with the President of the Munich Security Conference 12 September 2024 - 12:49 The parties discussed cooperation with Ukraine's partners. In particular, Andriy Yermak spoke about President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent talks with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv and meetings with allies in the Ramstein format. On October 30-31, Canada Will Host a Conference on the Release of Prisoners and Deported Ukrainians 12 September 2024 - 09:49 The participants of the video meeting discussed the format of the event, the list of countries that will be invited to participate, the agenda and the expected outcomes. The Kingdom of Norway will co-organize the event with Canada. Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General for Operations 11 September 2024 - 18:57 The Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office highly commended the decision of NATO countries to allocate financial assistance to our country worth EUR 40 billion next year and stressed the need for its timely delivery, taking into account the situation on the battlefield. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak Introduced New Deputy Heads and Spoke About Their Areas of Work 10 September 2024 - 17:17 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak introduced his new Deputies, Iryna Vereshchuk and Viktor Mykyta, during a meeting with the heads of regional state administrations. Andriy Yermak: This War Is a Test for the Entire World 9 September 2024 - 22:43 Russia’s aggression against Ukraine impacts not only our country but also the global situation. Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak made this statement during a conversation with representatives of Latin American media. Preparation for the Second Peace Summit and Implementation of the Bilateral Security Agreement: Meeting with the Japanese Delegation at the Office of the President 9 September 2024 - 20:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Katsura Kitagawa in the framework of his first visit to Ukraine. The meeting was held in continuation of the dialogue between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 40 41 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine