8 captures 05 May 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240505152345/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyu-vam-za-te-sho-ukrayinci-mozhut-buti-vpevneni-u-vashi-90693 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Easter Greetings by the President of Ukraine 5 May 2024 - 09:01 View all videos n latest news Easter Greetings by the President of Ukraine 5 May 2024 - 09:01 The Russian Evil Does Not Diminish Its Desire to Bring Ruins Even on the Eve of Easter – Address by the President 4 May 2024 - 20:52 Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Péter Szijjártó 3 May 2024 - 19:26 Our Border Guards Have Proven Themselves at the Highest Level – the President During the Meeting at the National Academy of the State Border Guard Service 3 May 2024 - 18:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 09:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Thank You for Making Ukrainians Confident in Your Strength – the President Presented Awards to Border Guards in Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 17:03 During his working visit to the Khmelnytskyi region, the Head of State met with border guards and presented them with awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated them upon the Day of the State Border Guard Service, marked in Ukraine this week, and thanked them for protecting our borders and for their strength shown in the battles against the Russian occupiers. "I thank each unit, each soldier and commander of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine for being a solid support for our country. This is exactly how it should remain in the future: we all expect you to demonstrate at least the same level of professionalism and ability to enhance the Ukrainian experience of resilience and gaining victories in battles against the occupier," the President emphasized. The participants honored the memory of the fallen defenders of Ukraine with a minute of silence. The Head of State presented two servicemen with the Orders of the Golden Star and the titles of Hero of Ukraine: Lieutenant Colonel Dmytro Oleksiuk. He has participated in the war since 2014. Since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion, he independently organized and conducted combat training for the personnel. He evacuated 34 killed and 105 heavily wounded brothers-in-arms from the battlefield, despite the intense fire of the Russian occupiers, landmines and persistent operation of attack drones. Master Sergeant Oleh Pryshnevskyi. He has been serving in the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine for almost 30 years. In January 2024, at the Avdiivka direction, he ordered his subordinates to take their wounded brothers-in-arms to the shelter, and he personally covered their retreat with machine gun fire and continued to eliminate the Russian occupiers. Additionally, two border guards received the Presidential Cross of Military Merit decorations: Colonel Andriy Bizhyk. His personnel bravely defended the area of Vodyane, Vuhledar, Novomykhailivka, Avdiivka and Krasnohorivka. The units under his command liquidated 43 armored vehicles, about 300 occupiers and a Russian Su-25. Staff Sergeant Dmytro Shvets. He repelled enemy attacks in the Donetsk region. During one of his combat missions, he was wounded, but despite this, he helped his wounded brothers-in-arms and evacuated them to a shelter. The President also awarded six more servicemen with the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III class, and another nine with the Orders "For Courage", III class. The Honorary Insignia of the President of Ukraine "For Courage and Valor" was awarded to three units: The 15th Mobile Border Guard Detachment, the 7th Carpathian Border Guard Detachment and the Intelligence Directorate of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine. v Videos ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 09:42 ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 09:42 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine