10 captures 15 Feb 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215153417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-premyer-ministrom-72445 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Italy 15 February 2022 - 16:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Japan 15 February 2022 - 16:38 President of Ukraine honored the memory of fellow citizens who died in battles on the territory of other states 15 February 2022 - 09:24 Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden 19 January 2022 - 20:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden Magdalena Andersson. The President briefed the interlocutor on the security situation around Ukraine, as well as on the steps being taken to achieve peace within all available negotiation formats. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the importance of uniting and coordinating political and diplomatic efforts to unlock the peace process and restore stability. The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Sweden praised the recent conclusion of the Intergovernmental Agreement on Defense Cooperation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Sweden is an important security partner of our country, and thanked for the practical assistance already provided in this area. "We have a strong army, the best experience and practices, we have loyal heroes," he said, adding that today it is more important than ever to unite efforts for the stability of the state. For her part, Magdalena Andersson reaffirmed the Swedish government's strong and unwavering support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The President praised the Swedish side's support for Ukraine's European integration course, as well as significant practical assistance in implementing internal transformations. In this context, the readiness to deepen cooperation in the framework of the Swedish government's strategy for cooperation in reform with Eastern European countries was noted. The interlocutors discussed the prospects of further bilateral cooperation in areas of mutual interest. Particular attention was paid to the development of cooperation in trade, investment, energy and environmental sectors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed that the Ukrainian side is interested in creating a network of modern waste processing plants with the participation of Swedish companies. "Sweden is Ukraine's largest trade and investment partner in the region. Even in a pandemic, we have more than 50% growth in bilateral trade. According to the results of the year, we expect to reach a turnover of USD 800-900 million. We will work to maintain these positive trends. We will also welcome Sweden's involvement in supporting the national financial system," the President said. The Prime Minister of Sweden and the President of Ukraine have agreed to intensify bilateral dialogue at the highest level. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine