5 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233232/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-genderna-rivnist-maye-buti-ne-lishe-v-obovyaz-82817 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Gender equality should be not only about duties and responsibilities, but also about opportunities 11 May 2023 - 18:45 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation and discussion of the National Strategy for Bridging the Gender Pay Gap until 2030. The presentation was attended by First Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko and representatives of relevant ministries. "Back in 2020, Ukraine acceded to the Biarritz Partnership. It envisages many different challenges to create equality in the country, and one of them is to reduce the gender pay gap. The government of Ukraine took on this commitment. At that time, the gender pay gap averaged 20.4%. And over the next year, it was slightly reduced to 18.6%. Unfortunately, the full-scale Russian invasion put all our endeavors and the development of the whole country on hold. The same happened with gender equality," the President's wife noted. Olena Zelenska emphasized that Ukrainian women are working and represented in all sectors of the economy during the Russian invasion, but the pay gap between them and men remains. "Our goal is to change the situation. We are focused on making the trend of reducing the gender pay gap sustainable and irreversible. To do this, we need to overcome stereotypes of employers, women and society in general regarding professions. Modernize labor legislation to ensure equal pay. Help women increase their confidence that they can hold leadership positions, receive high salaries, and be economically independent," added Yulia Svyrydenko. The plan for the implementation of the National Strategy for Bridging the Gender Pay Gap in Ukraine for the period up to 2030, in particular, provides for: 1. Overcoming stereotypes and discrimination based on gender. A large-scale information campaign for women called "Of Course You Can" is planned to convince them that they are capable of receiving higher remuneration for their work. It is also planned to implement an educational campaign to raise women's awareness of their rights and opportunities, which they can use to improve their professional level, acquire a new, more demanded specialty in the labor market, in particular in the STEM category, and, accordingly, a better-paid job, and start or develop their own business in a short time. It is also proposed to introduce gender audits and exchange of best practices for ensuring gender equality in the workplace. 2. Improving legislation on equal pay. Labor legislation will be modernized: the new version of the Labor Law introduces the principle of equal pay for work of equal value, regardless of gender, which will increase the effectiveness of judicial protection. Inspections by the State Labor Service based on complaints about gender-based pay discrimination will be introduced. A national methodology for gender-neutral job evaluation and training for labor inspectors and employers will also be developed. 3. Creating conditions for a convenient combination of family and professional duties. In particular, it is proposed to facilitate the creation and operation of public and private kindergartens, and to support organizations dealing with older children (Plast, Ukrainian Leadership Academy, etc.) at the state level. It is planned to improve labor legislation to ensure equal treatment of employees with family duties. It is planned to introduce training programs for employers to assist employees in combining professional and family duties. "Let’s do everything possible to ensure that our heroic women on all fronts feel equality not only in duties and responsibilities, but also in opportunities and justice. It is the duty of the state - not only legal, but also moral - to be the best country for each of our people," the President's wife emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine