1 capture 26 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220526160948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-05-2021&date-to=26-05-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Saeima of Latvia 26 May 2022 - 16:25 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the opening of the Russian War Crimes in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 23 May 2022 - 15:12 Davos is a place of strength. For half a century, a new world has been created here. But today a new world is being born in my country, Ukraine. We are defending from the brutal and ruthless force. But we are fighting not just for ourselves. The fate of Europe and the world is at stake. Evil has to be stopped for the future's sake. We should not be afraid to set new precedents - speech by the President of Ukraine at the World Economic Forum in Davos 23 May 2022 - 14:55 In order to guarantee peace and tranquility, we must all act quickly and preventively. We must not be afraid to set new precedents. This is exactly what the world has long had to learn at various turning points, for which it paid a high price. This was the price for the fact that the world only reacted, not acted preventively. Ukraine expands its international ties every week to get everything it needs to end the war as soon as possible - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 May 2022 - 23:31 I am glad to note that Ukrainian-Polish relations are finally on a completely clean, sincere basis, without any quarrels and old conflict heritage. This is an achievement. The historical achievement of our nations. And I want the brotherhood between Ukrainians and Poles to be preserved forever. Volodymyr Zelenskyy supports Andrzej Duda's initiative for a new good-neighborly agreement between Ukraine and Poland, which would help enhance relations between the two countries 22 May 2022 - 19:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed support for the initiative of Polish President Andrzej Duda to conclude a new good-neighborly agreement that would help maintain warm relations between the nations of the two countries. He said this during a meeting with media representatives following talks with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv. Poland today demonstrates historical level of support for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 18:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda who is on a visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that today Poland is showing a historical level of support for Ukraine, our Armed Forces and citizens who were forced to leave their homes due to the Russian invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy conferred the honorary title of the Rescuer City to Rzeszów and invited the Rada to expand the rights of Polish citizens in Ukraine 22 May 2022 - 16:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the signing of Decree № 355/2022 on the establishment of the honorary title "Rescuer City", and the first to receive this title was the Polish city of Rzeszów. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the joint participation with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 22 May 2022 - 16:03 I believe that soon Ukrainians and Poles will gather at one big table to share this bread. Share the feelings - the most important feelings - of peace. Share the taste of victory. Victory of Ukraine. Joint victory. The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Maybe someone in the rear cities thinks that one can forget about the war. And become carefree. Or even careless. It isn’t so. Every day Ukrainians die for our independence. Every day! And each and every one of us must take care of our defense on a daily basis. With anything they can. In a way they can. Ihor Zhovkva met with members of the Italian parliament 21 May 2022 - 20:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Chairman of the Interparliamentary Relations Group with Ukraine in the Italian Parliament Ugo Cappellacci and Member of the Foreign Affairs Commission Matteo Perego di Cremnago. Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 Andriy Yermak noted the importance of resuming the work of diplomatic missions and stressed: "This is a powerful signal for Ukrainians, a demonstration of faith in our country and its victory." 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 122 123 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine