89 captures 16 Dec 2021 - 24 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070733/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-chlenstvo-ukrayini-v-nato-ce-pitannya-ukrayinskogo-72113 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Ukraine's membership in NATO is a matter for the Ukrainian people and members of the Alliance, not for any other country 16 December 2021 - 13:33 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hopes that in the issue of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects, NATO member states will be guided by the position and choice of the Ukrainian people, without giving in to threats and any "red lines" of other states. Volodymyr Zelenskyy told this to the media following the negotiations with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels. "We have held meaningful consultations with Mr. Secretary General of the North Atlantic Alliance on ways to strengthen cooperation between Ukraine and NATO, taking into account the current very dangerous challenges. First of all, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to NATO and personally to Mr. Stoltenberg for his continued support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country within internationally recognized borders," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President stated that the situation in the temporarily occupied Crimea, Donbas, around the Ukrainian borders and in the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov is a group of hybrid elements that the Russian side uses to blackmail and put pressure on the Ukrainian state and democracy. Also, in order to destabilize the situation in the region, a "migrant crisis" and an energy crisis are being artificially created, disinformation is being spread, and cyberattacks are being carried out. "These are elements of the overall scenario of destabilizing the security situation in the region, Ukraine and Europe as a whole. Their goal is to destabilize the situation on the borders with NATO, to create a narrative in societies about the weakness of allies, to block Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration," the President said. At the same time, he stressed that Ukraine's membership in NATO is a personal choice of the Ukrainian people. "Our Euro-Atlantic course remains the same. Support for this course keeps growing in Ukrainian society," the Head of State stressed. Answering journalists' questions, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that support for NATO membership in Ukraine had remained at 50% for many years, but had risen significantly since the 2014 war and Russia's occupation of the Crimean peninsula. "I believe that Russia has pushed Ukraine into NATO. I believe that today Russia is “paving” Ukraine’s difficult way to NATO," the President said. The President expressed gratitude for the fact that in the Brussels Communiqué (June 2021) the Allies stated their firm support for Ukraine's right to determine its own future and foreign policy without outside interference. "I am very grateful for the clear signal that the issue of Ukraine's membership in NATO is a matter of relations between Ukraine and the Alliance. And it certainly should not be the choice of any state in any part of the world. I sincerely hope that the Allies will continue to be guided by these positions without giving in to threats and any "red lines" drawn by other parties," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine also reminded that next year marks 25 years since the conclusion of the Charter on a Special Partnership between Ukraine and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization signed in Madrid. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy called the NATO summit, which will also take place in Madrid in June 2022, a "window of opportunity". For his part, Jens Stoltenberg stressed that Russia must return to diplomacy and de-escalation of the situation, as well as respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. "The decision on whether Ukraine can join NATO will be made only by Ukraine and the thirty members of the Alliance," said the NATO Secretary General. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit 15 December 2021 - 13:47 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit 15 December 2021 - 13:47 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine