49 captures 17 May 2022 - 25 Mar 2023 Apr MAY Jun 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220517203657/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-pershoyu-ledi-izr-75113 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:22 View all videos n latest news Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 The presidential couple took part in the farewell ceremony for Leonid Kravchuk 17 May 2022 - 14:55 Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel Michal Herzog. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleague and the people of Israel for their support and humanitarian aid for our country. 7,000 Ukrainians have already received medical care from Israeli doctors. Olena Zelenska also invited Michal Herzog to participate in the national program on psychological assistance, which is being developed on the initiative of the First Lady of Ukraine. The wife of the President of Ukraine noted that Israel has extensive experience in combating post-traumatic stress disorder, which has become especially relevant for Ukraine. "The brutality of the Russian military, which has deeply shocked the entire civilized world, means that millions of Ukrainians also need urgent professional psychological help. And here I am very grateful for the support of the State of Israel, which will allow us to realize this, as your husband, President of the State of Israel Isaac Herzog, said in a letter to my husband Volodymyr Zelenskyy," she said. As Michal Herzog emphasized in response, "Israel really has all the opportunities and readiness to train Ukrainian psychologists so that in the future they can provide qualified assistance to those who need it." Also today, the Israeli Embassy in Ukraine resumed its work in Kyiv. The flag of the State of Israel near its building was personally raised by Ambassador of Israel to Ukraine Michael Brodsky. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine