1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033054/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=70 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The first Ukrainian F-16 will be one of the strongest signals from the world that Russia will only lose - address by the President of Ukraine 24 May 2023 - 21:56 We are doing everything we can to reduce the time until the result is achieved, until new and powerful aircraft with Ukrainian pilots emerge in the Ukrainian skies. The key task of our state is to strengthen Ukraine and enhance our defense capabilities – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 May 2023 - 22:24 The strength of our state now, the strength of our defense now, is the basis of the strength of the rules-based international order. Iuliia Sokolovska met with representatives of the Embassy of Switzerland 23 May 2023 - 19:09 The participants of the meeting discussed assistance to Ukraine in the creation and development of registries and exchange of information on abused/deported Ukrainian children. Olena Zelenska and human rights activist Nadia Murad visited Borodyanka 23 May 2023 - 13:29 The First Lady and Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin told Nadia Murad about the situation with war crimes committed by the Russian occupiers in our country. On the Day of the Marines, the President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region and presented state awards 23 May 2023 - 11:25 Having returned from a visit abroad, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Vuhledar – Maryinka defense area in the Donetsk region on the occasion of the Day of the Marines. Every week we add value for Ukraine from the NATO Summit in Vilnius - address by the President of Ukraine 22 May 2023 - 18:08 Today there is an important declaration from the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. Things are called what they are: a clear recognition of Russia's crimes against our country as genocide, a clear condemnation of ruscist ideology. This is the right basis for other international organizations as well. In Hiroshima, Ukraine was indeed an honored participant in the G7’s work, and the topic of Ukraine was principal – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address. 21 May 2023 - 21:02 We are finishing this very difficult yet very important week. On Friday, we had the Arab League. On Saturday and Sunday – G7 plus Ukraine and an expanded format – seven plus partners. The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 is the first step towards even more powerful defense of our skies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2023 - 16:18 Ukraine has been working hard on the issue of providing Western-type aircraft, and the decision of our partners to train Ukrainian pilots on modern fighter jets is the first step towards bolstering our country's air defense. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the world's media in Hiroshima. ウクライナ大統領による日本国民へ向けた演説 21 May 2023 - 16:09 私は、戦争によって歴史の石に影のみを残すことになってしまったかもしれない国からここへ来た。しかし、私たちの英雄的な人々は、私たちが戦争をこそそのような影にしてしまうべく、歴史を戻している。 Everyone in the world must do everything possible to ensure that wars leave only shadows on the stones of history – address by the President of Ukraine to the people of Japan 21 May 2023 - 16:03 Until now, the world has not had a Formula that could stop aggressors. Ukraine offers it. Ukraine offers the world salvation from war. To do this, we need to unite and make Russia the last aggressor. 1 2 ... 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine