5 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202120556/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak had a conversation with Timothy Barrow who thanked for the release of the citizens of the United Kingdom and assured of unwavering support for Ukraine 23 September 2022 - 20:50 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with the new National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, former British Ambassador to Ukraine Timothy Barrow. Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to respond to the facts of the use of Iranian-made weapons by Russian troops in Ukraine 23 September 2022 - 19:02 Samples collected on the battlefield confirmed that Russia is using Iranian-made weapons in Ukraine. To give hope for the future, and to give people the feeling that they are respected - this is why the First Lady of Ukraine created the Foundation - President's speech at the presentation of the Olena Zelenska Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:46 This is an extremely noble cause, and I encourage all of you to join in – people, companies, foundations. Ukraine knows how to be grateful! Olena Zelenska Launched a Charity Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:15 On September 22, Olena Zelenska presented her Foundation during a charity evening in New York. The Foundation's primary goal is to restore Ukraine's human capital so that every Ukrainian feels physically and mentally healthy, protected, and able to exercise their right to education, work, and build a future in Ukraine. World leaders must firmly state that an attempted nuclear attack on Ukraine will have catastrophic consequences for the Russian Federation - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with The Guardian 23 September 2022 - 14:10 According to Mykhailo Podoliak, Russia's impunity for nuclear threats would erode the long-standing principle that nuclear weapons can only be used defensively when the survival of a country is at stake. To invest in Ukraine now is to contribute to future peace and strengthening of security in the world - President at the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy 23 September 2022 - 12:46 Now is the right time for business to invest in Ukraine, as the invested funds will not only support the Ukrainian economy, but also contribute to future peace in our country and strengthening of security in the world. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation with Forbes magazine chief content officer Randall Lane in the framework of the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy. The success of the operation to release people from Russian captivity was facilitated by the active involvement of international partners of Ukraine - Head of the Office of the President 23 September 2022 - 11:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak notes that many influential states and international partners are involved in the process of freeing Ukrainian and foreign citizens from Russian captivity. He stated this at a briefing dedicated to the exchange and return of defenders of Ukraine from captivity. The more added value Ukraine produces, the more added security the people of the world get – speech by the President of Ukraine at the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy 23 September 2022 - 10:02 I urge all of you to boldly use this power of business – to invest in such a way that it is at the same time an aid to the normal life of various peoples. I invite you all to Ukraine! Thank you. Andriy Yermak held a video call with members of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee 22 September 2022 - 22:46 "We feel this support from the entire American people. And I want to thank you, as members of Congress, for making very important decisions that help us fight," he emphasized. Russia's decision on mobilization is an admission that their regular army did not withstand and crumbled - address by the President of Ukraine 22 September 2022 - 22:00 Now, due to mobilization, Russia's war against Ukraine for the majority of Russian citizens is not something on TV or on the Internet, but something that has entered every Russian home. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine