9 captures 07 Aug 2020 - 08 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214023958/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-posli-inozemnih-derzhav-vidvidali-rajon-rozv-58245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and foreign ambassadors visited the disengagement area near Petrivske and Zolote 7 November 2019 - 16:09 Assistant to the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, representatives of the Ukrainian government and ambassadors of foreign states visited Ukrainian positions in the area of Bohdanivka (Petrivske), Donetsk region, where another round of disengagement is to be held. In particular, the mission on the delimitation line included: Chargé d'Affaires, a.i. of the United States Embassy in Ukraine William Taylor, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Germany to Ukraine Anka Feldhusen, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of France to Ukraine Etienne de Ponsen, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the UK to Ukraine Melinda Simmons. The delegation also included: Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Arsen Avakov, Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy, Minister for Veterans Affairs, Temporarily Occupied Territories and Internally Displaced Persons of Ukraine Oksana Koliada, Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak, Deputy Prosecutor General of Ukraine Gunduz Mamedov. Having familiarized himself with the situation on the delimitation line in the area of Petrivske, Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine clearly adhered to international agreements on disengagement and expected corresponding steps from the other side. "We are hopeful that the disengagement will take place peacefully and we will achieve peace everyone needs," the President's assistant said. He noted that the disengagement at three sites was a prerequisite for a top-level meeting in the Normandy format. "Today, the ambassadors of Great Britain, USA, France, Germany came with us for a monitoring mission in Petrivske and Zolote, so that they could see the process of disengagement with their own eyes," Andriy Yermak explained. According to him, Ukrainian ministers will report to the ambassadors on their plans as regards the attention to be paid to the given territory. In addition, the mission visited the area of Zolote-4, Luhansk region, where the disengagement had already taken place. Luhansk RSA Head Serhiy Haidai informed that the infrastructure at Zolote checkpoint on the Ukrainian side was completely ready. "And if the arrangements are reached as regards the opening (of the checkpoint - ed.), we can start working literally the day after the arrangements. We are already thinking about how to improve the service for people crossing the checkpoint, we are ready to set up mobile administrative service centers,” Serhiy Haidai said. He also said that President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had made a decision to allocate 1 billion hryvnias for infrastructure development. "In a few months, we will complete the design and estimate documentation and build a road from Severodonetsk to Zolote next year," Serhiy Haidai noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine