5 captures 31 Aug 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 31 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240831153811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpechne-osvitnye-seredovishe-na-zhitomirshini-prezentuvali-92889 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:16 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 Shelters for In-Person Education and Gadgets for Distance Learning: Olena Zelenska with the Foundation's Team Visited the Chernihiv Region Before the Beginning of the School Year 30 August 2024 - 20:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Hands Over the Orders of the Golden Star and Housing Certificates to the Families of the Fallen Defenders Awarded the Title of Hero of Ukraine 29 August 2024 - 16:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Safe Educational Environment: Interim Project Results Were Presented in the Zhytomyr Region 28 August 2024 - 19:29 Olha Budnyk, Advisor-Commissioner of the President on the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports, presented the interim results of the project aimed at creating a safe educational environment in the Zhytomyr region. The presentation was held during the Forum of August Initiatives: PRO Education. Zhytomyr Region 2024/25. According to Olha Budnyk, experts in safe educational environment and supervising psychologists for inclusive resource centers have already been trained. On September 2, the trainings on crisis response will begin. They will be attended by 7400 educators. In addition, as part of the Ministry of Education and Science's School Offline Policy, there are plans to increase the number of shelters, buses, and devices in schools, as well as to train teachers who will work offline. “During the project implementation, emergency response algorithms for teachers and students have been developed; they have also already been tested and will now be scaled up to other regions. Special attention is paid to conducting exercises for representatives of the frontline communities,” Olha Budnyk noted. The project to create a safe educational environment is part of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska. It is being implemented with the support of UNESCO and the Government of Japan. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine