1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024619/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=23 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Ukrainian and foreign journalists 9 March 2023 - 22:49 Andriy Yermak noted that one of the most important issues discussed during UN Secretary-General António Guterres' visit to Ukraine on Wednesday was the extension of the Black Sea Grain Initiative beyond March 18. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 8 March 2023 - 23:44 The parties also focused on the defense of Bakhmut and the measures taken to ensure the stability of the defense forces' positions in the Donetsk area. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 Separately, the interlocutors discussed ongoing international efforts to provide defense and financial support to Ukraine, as it fights to liberate its lands from Russian occupation. Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations to discuss the pursuit of legal action against Russia for its environmental crimes committed in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 20:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations focused on ecology and environmental protection. Ukrainian delegation headed by the Permanent Representative of the President in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea visited Southeast Asia 7 March 2023 - 16:18 In the framework of strengthening cooperation and interaction with the countries of the Global South, the Ukrainian delegation headed by Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Tamila Tasheva visited India, Malaysia and the Republic of Indonesia. At a joint event with the WHO, Iuliia Sokolovska spoke about the development of the rehabilitation system in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 16:07 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iuliia Sokolovska opened an online event organized by the World Health Organization Regional Office for Europe, WHO in Ukraine and the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak had a conversation with American General Wesley Clark 6 March 2023 - 21:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with General Wesley Clark, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe (1997-2000). Effective system of international justice can save the world from new global slaughter, namely international tribunal for aggressor – Andriy Yermak at United for Justice conference 3 March 2023 - 22:32 "Justice will save the world. An effective system of international justice, primarily an international tribunal for the aggressor, can protect it from a new global slaughter," the head of the Office of the President said during the International Communities Response for Accountability panel. Andriy Yermak had a meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General 2 March 2023 - 11:28 The Head of the Presidential Office informed the interlocutor about the situation on the frontline. The parties exchanged views on the military threats posed by Russia and its capabilities to continue using missiles and attack drones against Ukraine. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 1 March 2023 - 09:30 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. 1 2 ... 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine