13 captures 16 Jul 2020 - 15 Jun 2025 Aug SEP Oct 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220930054223/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-vikonannya-zavdannya-glavi-derzhavi-golovnokomanduvach-zs-62265 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:06 May the Force Be With U: American Actor, Mark Hamill, Becomes the Ambassador for the UNITED24 Fundraising Platform 29 September 2022 - 21:34 Address by the President of Ukraine to the indigenous peoples of Russia: Fight to avoid death, defend your freedom in the streets and squares 29 September 2022 - 20:21 President met with the delegation of the National Assembly of France 29 September 2022 - 17:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of the 81st anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2022 - 11:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events To fulfill the task of the President, the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the Deputy Head of the Office of the President went to Donbas to study the circumstances of the shelling of the Ukrainian military in the Zaitseve district 14 July 2020 - 17:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is keeping the situation with the murder of a military medic and the wounding of soldiers during the evacuation of the body of a dead serviceman in the Zaitseve district of the Donetsk region under personal control. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak and Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets departed to the site of accident. "We express our sincere condolences to the families of the victims. This is an incomprehensible tragedy for them, for us, for the country," the President said. The Head of State stressed that yesterday's murder of Ukrainian servicemen who wanted to take the body of a dead soldier from the battlefield near Zaitseve "is another proof of the cynicism, lies and inhumanity of the militants". "There can be no double interpretation. There is a concrete premeditated crime - murder, ambush and murder again. All this once again proves that the war continues," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State stressed that the war will continue as long as on the other side of the frontline there are interested in destabilizing the situation and as long as the militants open fire after confirming the "silence" regime as regards white helmets and medics. "This tragedy brings us back to an understanding of our fundamental values. Ukraine must strictly guard its territories. Ukraine must respond strongly to the treacherous actions of the militants. Ukraine must clearly understand the risks posed by the existence of gray criminal enclaves. Ukraine must always know the price of the "promises" of that party," the President stressed. It bears reminding that on July 13 illegal armed formations in Donbas fired at the group of Ukrainian military who carried out evacuation of a body of the warrior of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the area of Zaitseve. As a result of the enemy fire, a military medic was killed, one serviceman was wounded, and another one got combat injury. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine