7 captures 10 Sep 2024 - 19 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240910021013/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-cya-vijna-viprobuvannya-dlya-vsogo-svitu-93109 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Course of the War Directly Depends on the Quality of Logistics in Supply and Partners' Fulfillment of All Promises – Address by the President 9 September 2024 - 19:45 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: This War Is a Test for the Entire World 9 September 2024 - 22:43 Preparation for the Second Peace Summit and Implementation of the Bilateral Security Agreement: Meeting with the Japanese Delegation at the Office of the President 9 September 2024 - 20:39 The Course of the War Directly Depends on the Quality of Logistics in Supply and Partners' Fulfillment of All Promises – Address by the President 9 September 2024 - 19:42 Our Main Focus Now, at the Beginning of the Fall, is to Strengthen the Positions of Ukraine as Much as Possible – Address by the President 8 September 2024 - 19:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: This War Is a Test for the Entire World 9 September 2024 - 22:43 Russia’s aggression against Ukraine impacts not only our country but also the global situation. Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak made this statement during a conversation with representatives of Latin American media. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that the participation of the international community that respects the UN Charter and international law is crucial in restoring a just peace for Ukraine. "It's not just about our freedom, independence and territorial integrity. This is also about you and your countries. Because this war is a test for the world. All of us – in Latin America, Africa, and Asia – want to live in a safe world, where rules and international law prevail, not one where whoever is strong, whoever is big, has all the rights," he said. Andriy Yermak elaborated on the philosophy behind the Peace Formula initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the Head of the President’s Office, it should serve as the roadmap to end the war. "Ukraine did not start this aggression. Ukraine did not claim any Russian territories. What we want and what we are fighting for is only our land. This is the internationally recognized border. This is our freedom. It's a fundamental issue, and the Peace Formula of President Zelenskyy is built on that," Andriy Yermak added. During the meeting, special attention was also paid to cooperation with partners such as the United States, the EU, and particularly countries of the Global South. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine