6 captures 27 Sep 2022 - 17 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220927073233/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/otrimannya-sistem-ppo-ye-odnim-z-prioritetiv-dlya-ukrayini-c-77817 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia felt that it will lose and is now trying to delay this moment, to ensure some activity at the front - address by the President of Ukraine 26 September 2022 - 22:43 View all videos n latest news Russia felt that it will lose and is now trying to delay this moment, to ensure some activity at the front - address by the President of Ukraine 26 September 2022 - 22:41 Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 26 September 2022 - 22:16 We say to our partners, in particular Germany: if you want the war to end as soon as possible, give us the Leopard 2 - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Tagesschau 26 September 2022 - 16:10 President took part in the signing of the document on the launch of the new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV for investments in Ukrainian companies 26 September 2022 - 15:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and relatives of the fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously 24 September 2022 - 08:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Obtaining air defense systems is one of the priorities for Ukraine, it will ensure security to the people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 September 2022 - 20:15 A priority for Ukraine today is to obtain air defense and anti-missile systems that will protect citizens and civil infrastructure from constant attacks by Russia. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the availability of modern air defense systems will contribute, in particular, to the return of Ukrainians home from abroad. "The issue is to guarantee their security. This is a complicated issue. Security is air defense. I don't know how to solve it very quickly, but air defense and anti-missile defense are a priority for us today," he said. According to the Head of State, there are certain positive decisions regarding the supply of NASAMS and IRIS-T anti-aircraft missile systems to Ukraine. "We expect several IRIS-T systems. We haven't received any yet. Just as we expect NASAMS from the US - and we are grateful for approving this process," the President said. According to the Head of State, Ukraine is determined to actively work on the issue of air defense systems provision with such countries as France, Italy, and Germany. "I have not yet received a positive response from Israel. There are not so many states capable of guaranteeing the closing of the sky for us, at least from the point of view of air defense. And this issue should be resolved with these states," he explained. The President emphasized the importance of speeding up the process of providing our country with air defense systems, because Ukrainian civilians die every day from the aggression of the Russian Federation. "I would like all countries capable of providing Ukraine with heavy equipment to open this window. We are grateful for all the aid they provide to strengthen the Armed Forces of Ukraine," he said. The President noted that the recent success at the front, primarily in the Kharkiv region, was made possible thanks to the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the fact that Ukraine received the aid it requested. "Not all yet, but we received it. It is very important that partners support us with what we need. All actions on the battlefield are specific operations that must be backed by specific weapons. Then there will be a concrete result. And we don't even need to talk about the courage and intelligence of our Armed Forces, everything can be seen from the results," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. For her part, Ursula von de Leyen noted that the European Commission welcomes the joint approach of the EU countries to providing Ukraine with the armed support it needs for its defense. "This is a general recommendation for all member states of the European Union. The EU itself does not possess any military equipment, but facilitates this process through the funding of the European Peace Facility. But this is the responsibility of EU member states on a bilateral level," she said. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 15 September 2022 - 13:32 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 15 September 2022 - 13:32 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine