7 captures 26 Jan 2023 - 12 Jul 2025 Dec JAN Feb 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230126103611/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovuvannya-shveciyi-u-radi-yes-maye-zaklasti-osnovu-dlya-p-80625 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:41 View all videos n latest news Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 Olena Zelenska spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions at a meeting with architecture students 25 January 2023 - 21:05 Andriy Yermak introduced Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba to the RMA representatives 25 January 2023 - 21:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden on January 25-26. During the visit, he met with Speaker of the Riksdag (Parliament) Andreas Norlén and expressed gratitude for the historic decisions of the Swedish Parliament to support Ukraine, especially the provision of defense assistance to our country. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office briefed the Speaker on the progress in implementing the reform course necessary for Ukraine's full and comprehensive accession to the EU. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Andreas Norlén for his personal participation in the first parliamentary summit of the international Crimea Platform held in Zagreb in October 2022. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also met with the heads and key members of the Riksdag's committees on EU and foreign affairs. The main attention was paid to the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, in particular in terms of bringing the aggressor country to justice for war crimes, as well as Ukraine's strategic movement towards EU membership. "We are grateful to Sweden for its support and readiness to actively engage in the work on the establishment of a Special Tribunal for Russia's crimes against Ukraine. We count on the Riksdag's support for Sweden's participation in the implementation of certain provisions of the Peace Formula proposed by the President of Ukraine, on increasing pressure on Russia by all possible means, as well as on the leading role of Sweden as the country presiding over the Council of the EU in promoting Ukraine's European integration," emphasized Ihor Zhovkva. During the meeting with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of Sweden Henrik Landerholm and State Secretary for Foreign Affairs Jan Knutsson, the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office briefed the interlocutors on the current security situation in Ukraine in the context of the ongoing military aggression of the Russian Federation. He thanked the Swedish side for ten packages of significant military assistance provided to our country since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion, as well as for the support from Sweden on the whole range of issues important for the Ukrainian state in countering Russian armed aggression. "Sweden's comprehensive and significant assistance is an important component of our great victory. Ukraine and Sweden have a shared vision of security on the European continent. Our joint efforts will certainly have an impact on the success of the Ukrainian army on the battlefield and will be a guarantee of sustainable security in the region and the world. We count on Sweden's proactive role in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula," emphasized Ihor Zhovkva. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office also met with State Secretary to Minister for Defence Peter Sandwall. The parties focused on strengthening bilateral cooperation in the defense sector to enhance Ukraine's defense capabilities. During the visit, Ihor Zhovkva also held talks with State Secretary to Minister for EU Affairs Christian Danielsson. The interlocutors discussed in detail the practical steps of Ukraine for the rapprochement with the EU, as well as the progress of our country in implementing the recommendations of the European Commission necessary for accession. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office briefed Mr. Danielsson on Ukraine's vision of practical steps of Sweden to support Ukraine's progress on the European integration path among the EU member states. "Sweden's Presidency of the European Union in the first half of 2023 should be marked by the announcement of a positive assessment of Ukraine's implementation of the European Commission's recommendations and lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU this year," said Ihor Zhovkva. During the working meeting between the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office and State Secretary to Minister for International Development Cooperation and Foreign Trade Diana Janse, the parties focused on modalities of Sweden's participation in the restoration of Ukraine's critical infrastructure, rapid and post-war reconstruction. The interlocutors also noted a common interest in the return of big Swedish businesses to Ukraine. "Sweden is a strategic partner for us in the field of technological reconstruction of Ukraine. Its experience in achieving high standards of energy efficiency and energy saving is very important for us. This is what our country strives for as well. We look forward to close and fruitful cooperation in this area," summarized Ihor Zhovkva. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine also spoke at the Swedish Institute of International Affairs and joined a discussion with experts from leading Swedish think tanks. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine