4 captures 11 Nov 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231111120515/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-sibiga-zustrivsya-z-golovoyu-predstavnictva-mizhnarod-86917 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine always returns – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address on the occasion of the first anniversary of the liberation of Kherson from Russian occupation 11 November 2023 - 11:49 View all videos n latest news Ukraine always returns – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address on the occasion of the first anniversary of the liberation of Kherson from Russian occupation 11 November 2023 - 11:48 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 11 November 2023 - 09:03 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 10 November 2023 - 21:34 The cooperation and unity of all who truly value peace that can prevent catastrophes and stop the suffering of peoples – address of the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Paris Peace Forum 10 November 2023 - 21:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andrii Sybiha met with the Chief of Mission of the International Organization for Migration in Ukraine 10 November 2023 - 18:34 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Andrii Sybiha, held a meeting today with the newly appointed Chief of Mission of the International Organization for Migration (IOM) in Ukraine, Ms. Alessia Schiavon. Andrii Sybiha highly appreciated the assistance provided by IOM to Ukraine and its citizens in the face of full-scale Russian aggression. "The scope and effectiveness of the work of the International Organization for Migration in our country is extremely important. There are 5.4 million people who received IOM support. We appreciate the ongoing IOM assistance to internally displaced persons in Ukraine and our forcibly displaced persons abroad. This represents efficiency and a focus on results, which is atypical for many international institutions," the Deputy Head of the Office of the Head of State emphasized. During the conversation, the interlocutors discussed the main areas of IOM operations in Ukraine, ongoing priorities and reconfirmed the respective intention to continue support of war affected population and communities in Ukraine. The focus of the discussion was also on the programs of providing support to the Ukrainian population in the winter period. Andrii Sybiha thanked IOM Chief of Mission for the support already provided by the Organization with generators or coal, which reached more than 400 thousand Ukrainians. Furthermore, he expressed the wish for continued cooperation with the government in responding to humanitarian needs and working for the full recovery of Ukraine from the war. "I am glad that IOM has actively participated in the recovery of Ukraine and already has separate programs aimed at providing assistance to small businesses in Ukraine. We will work together to make it safe for Ukrainians to return to Ukraine and find jobs here," stressed the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine