6 captures 18 Nov 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221118210743/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/afrikanski-krayini-pobachili-yak-rosiya-zablokuvala-chorne-m-79249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian aggression does not stop for a single day, so the pressure on Russia should not stop either, and everyone can do it at their own level - address by the President of Ukraine to the university community of Ireland 18 November 2022 - 18:22 View all videos n latest news African countries saw how Russia blocked the Black Sea and began to support Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with Irish students 18 November 2022 - 18:41 Russian aggression does not stop for a single day, so the pressure on Russia should not stop either, and everyone can do it at their own level - address by the President of Ukraine to the university community of Ireland 18 November 2022 - 18:20 President of Ukraine met with the Executive Vice-President of the European Commission 18 November 2022 - 15:32 If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Current events African countries saw how Russia blocked the Black Sea and began to support Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with Irish students 18 November 2022 - 18:41 After Russia blocked the export of grain from the ports of the Black Sea region, the countries of the African continent began to gradually change their attitude towards the Russian Federation and direct the political vector to support Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the student community of Ireland. "Today, gradually, country by country, the states of the African continent are beginning to understand what happened. That they were misinformed. That Russia is truly an aggressor, that it does not respect freedom, does not support life, but does the opposite. Several countries have appeared on the African continent that support us, and we can see this from the results of voting for resolutions," said the Head of State. He recalled the results of voting for the UN General Assembly resolution on supporting the territorial integrity of Ukraine and condemning Russia's aggression against our state. "There was record support for Ukraine, condemnation of Russia's aggression. More than 140 countries. African countries appeared among them. And that's great," stated Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Also, according to him, some African countries for the first time demonstrated support at the diplomatic stage of the Crimea Platform aimed at the de-occupation of Ukrainian Crimea. According to the President, such a change in the attitude of a number of African countries took place after Russia began blocking the export of Ukrainian agricultural products through the Black Sea. "African countries saw how Russia completely disgracefully blocked the Black Sea. It blocked the supply of grain - wheat, corn - from Ukraine to the African continent... And when countries began to see it, when the societies of some countries began to feel it, they began to open their eyes," said the Head of State. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that there are still some African countries that, at the level of leaders, see neither the destructive actions of Russia nor the help of Ukraine, which has initiated programs to support countries suffering from the food crisis. "There are countries to which we sent ships with grain. We really help them. We really made a corridor in the Black Sea together with the UN. And now ships have departed with wheat, and some African states do not see this at the political level," the President noted. According to the Head of State, this is happening, in particular, due to the powerful influence of Russian propaganda and disinformation, which has been spreading on the African continent for the past 30 years. At the same time, there were no developed relations between Ukraine and African countries for many years. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that currently one of the key tasks for Ukraine and for him personally is the unification of the whole world, including African countries, in order to put pressure on Russia to stop its aggression on Ukrainian territory. "Help in the UN is very important for us as well - it is political and diplomatic help. Assistance in voting and supporting relevant resolutions. And here we desperately need the support of the African Union and the countries of the African continent," said the President. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine