5 captures 28 Aug 2024 - 09 Aug 2025 Jul AUG Sep 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud Outlinks A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240828222227/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bagato-ukrayinciv-zaslugovuyut-zvannya-legendi-roblyat-nemoz-92757?fbclid=IwZXh0bgNhZW0CMTEAAR1J5u7e-wPvvXF3noGeOIA-a6nRNJ6chZsMtAxGeORFftx7seBDSgA8lKw_aem_xLeglkF0h6L68rpFpcSqDQ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news We Are Working with Partners to Supply the Frontline Not Only with Weapons and Shells but Also with the Power of Our Unity – Address by the President 28 August 2024 - 20:06 Safe Educational Environment: Interim Project Results Were Presented in the Zhytomyr Region 28 August 2024 - 19:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Representatives of the Ecumenical Patriarchate 28 August 2024 - 16:55 Ukraine and the United Kingdom Made Significant Progress in Preparing for the Signing of the Agreement on Transition to Stronger and Deeper Partnership 28 August 2024 - 16:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Press Conference of the President within the Forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence” 27 August 2024 - 15:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Many Ukrainians Deserve the Title of Legend, Achieving the Impossible and Inspiring Others – President Presents "National Legend of Ukraine" Award 22 August 2024 - 20:54 On the eve of National Flag Day and Ukraine's Independence Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored outstanding individuals with the "National Legend of Ukraine" award. The President emphasized that despite Russia's aggression, the values that form the foundation of this award remain unchanged. "This is respect. This is honor. This is dignity. It is how the state of Ukraine says thank you to its people, its heroes, its legends. Those among us and those we must appreciate. Those who, unfortunately, are no longer with us. We must remember them all – legends who inspire us, legends applauded by the world. And I would like us all to applaud our Ukrainian legends now," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. This year, the President honored 11 individuals with the "National Legend of Ukraine" award. They are: Ihor Poklad , an outstanding composer, People's Artist, and Hero of Ukraine. He is the author of over 150 songs, musical performances, and works for more than 40 Ukrainian films and animated movies. Oleh Korosteliov , General Designer and Director General of the Luch Design Bureau, Hero of Ukraine, and recipient of the Order of Merit. He played a direct role in the development of the Stuhna, Vilkha, and Neptune missile systems. Olga Kharlan , Ukraine's most decorated athlete: two-time Olympic champion in saber fencing, six-time world champion, and eight-time European champion. Vitaliy Khmel , a thoracic surgeon who, since the beginning of Russian aggression, has performed over 100 complex surgeries on wounded soldiers and saved more than 50 defenders during evacuation missions. Ivan Lukashevych , Brigadier General of Military Counterintelligence of the Security Service of Ukraine, call sign "Hunter." He is the mastermind behind the Sea Baby naval drones and the designer of the sniper rifle "Horizon's Lord," which set a world record with a precise shot at an occupier from a distance of 3,800 meters. Iryna Yurchenko , a conductor at Ukrzaliznytsia. On February 25, 2022, she began her shift and worked on evacuation trains for weeks. Meanwhile, her son, Dmytro Kozatsky, call sign "Orest," was defending Azovstal in Mariupol. Oleksandr Dubovyk , a Ukrainian painter, graphic artist, and monumental artist, an honorary member of the National Academy of Arts of Ukraine. He represents the "unofficial" art of Soviet times, and his works are held in the National Art Museum of Ukraine, museums in the USA and Germany, and private collections. Howard Buffett , an American businessman, philanthropist, and Ukraine's largest private donor. His foundation has spent over $500 million to help Ukrainians, including providing food for those affected, restoring buildings, supporting farmers, training deminers, and providing prosthetics for veterans. Oleksandr Usyk , a Ukrainian boxer, Olympic champion, and undisputed world heavyweight champion. Since the start of the full-scale invasion, his foundation has helped affected families. He has held seven charity auctions, donating approximately $740,000 to support the Ukrainian army. Posthumous awards were presented to Serhiy Parajanov and Nina Matviienko. Serhiy Parajanov was a Ukrainian-Armenian film director and screenwriter who created nearly 20 feature and documentary films. His film Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors won 39 international awards and 28 prizes at world film festivals. Nina Matviienko was a People's Artist of Ukraine and Hero of Ukraine. Her repertoire included numerous folk songs. She also engaged in literary work, acted in television and radio plays, and toured the USA, Canada, France, Poland, South Korea, Mexico, and Latin American countries. The "National Legend of Ukraine" award was established in 2021. Since then, the President has annually honored individuals who have contributed to the establishment of Ukraine's independence, the defense of the state, and the development of the national economy, science, education, culture, art, sports, healthcare, and charitable and public activities. The full televised version of the award ceremony will be broadcast on the national telethon "United News" on August 25. ph President Presents "National Legend of Ukraine" Award 22 August 2024 - 20:56 ph President Presents "National Legend of Ukraine" Award 22 August 2024 - 20:56 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine