8 captures 25 Jan 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230125194904/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-proviv-rozmovu-z-radnikom-z-pitan-80605 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We need a strong state, and Ukraine will be just that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 January 2023 - 23:27 View all videos n latest news Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 25 January 2023 - 16:14 We need a strong state, and Ukraine will be just that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 January 2023 - 23:24 World country music star Brad Paisley became an ambassador of the United24 platform and supported the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction 24 January 2023 - 18:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is very important for Ukraine that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war 24 January 2023 - 17:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 25 January 2023 - 16:14 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India Ajit Kumar Doval. The interlocutors discussed a number of topical issues in the context of deepening Ukraine-India cooperation in bilateral and multilateral formats. Andriy Yermak briefed Ajit Doval on the situation in Ukraine, first of all, on the course of repulsing Russian aggression. The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that our country strives for peace, which must be fair and based on the principles of international law. He recalled that during an online speech at the G19 Summit in November last year, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented a Peace Formula and invited all states to determine their possible role in its implementation. Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine would like to see India among the active participants in the process of implementing the formula and the peace summit that our country plans to hold. The Head of the President's Office also expressed hope that India's leadership in supporting Ukraine would be enhanced. He noted that Ukraine counts on India's support for the resolutions initiated by our country within the UN General Assembly concerning the Peace Formula and the establishment of a Special International Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression. "India's position and cooperation with your country are extremely important to us. And we want it to reach a qualitatively new level," the Head of the Presidential Office said. The importance of further development of economic relations between the two countries was emphasized. The Head of the President's Office thanked the leadership of India and its people for the humanitarian assistance provided to Ukraine during the full-scale war with Russia and expressed hope that this assistance would be broadened. Andriy Yermak congratulated India on the upcoming national holiday - Republic Day, which will be celebrated on January 26, and wished the Indian people peace and prosperity. The Head of the President's Office also thanked Ajit Doval for his condolences over the recent tragedy in Brovary, where as a result of the helicopter crash the leaders of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and civilians died. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine