5 captures 12 Aug 2022 - 12 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220812210238/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In order to eliminate the threat of famine, Russia's efforts to return to the aggressive policy of colonialism must end – speech by the President of Ukraine at the session of the Bureau of the Assembly of the African Union 20 June 2022 - 16:57 Our number one task now is to finally get rid of the threat of famine. If it wasn't for the Russian war, you would be in a completely different position now - completely safe. That is why, in order to avoid famine, the efforts of states like Russia to return to the aggressive policy of colonialism must end. The Three Seas Initiative needs the potential of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Three Seas Initiative Summit 20 June 2022 - 16:16 Ukraine must be a participant in the Three Seas Initiative. We need to find a format in which we can implement the accession. Tomorrow a historic week begins, when we will hear the answer from the EU on the candidate status for Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 22:55 I think it is obvious to everyone that since 1991 there have been few such fateful decisions for Ukraine as we expect now. And I am convinced that only a positive decision meets the interests of the whole of Europe. We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 05:56 I am coming back from the south - visited today our frontline positions in the Mykolaiv region, visited Mykolaiv itself, and the Odesa region as well. I talked to our defenders - military, police, National Guard, territorial defense. Their mood is confident, and looking into their eyes it is obvious that they all do not doubt our victory. President visited a hospital in Odesa and presented awards to medics 18 June 2022 - 20:05 The Head of State inspected the trauma department and talked to wounded servicemen undergoing treatment at a medical facility. On the eve of the professional holiday of medical workers, the President presented state awards and conferred honorary and military titles upon medics. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the situation in the Odesa region 18 June 2022 - 19:10 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the current situation in the region. In an interview with The Guardian, Olena Zelenska spoke about the situation of Ukrainian families during the war 18 June 2022 - 18:41 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to the British newspaper The Guardian, in which she spoke, in particular, about the situation of Ukrainian families during the war. President visited the bases of the National Guard in the Odesa region 18 June 2022 - 16:10 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the base, samples of weapons and the shooting range of units of the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian troops in the Mykolaiv region and awarded the defenders 18 June 2022 - 15:51 The Head of State heard information on the operational situation on the front. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the defenders and presented state awards. Head of state visited ambulance hospital in Mykolaiv 18 June 2022 - 14:06 The President spoke with servicemen and civilians who are receiving medical treatment here after being wounded by enemy shelling. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine