4 captures 14 Oct 2023 - 22 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231014052944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/peremoga-ce-shlyah-ukrayini-do-nato-volodimir-zelenskij-pid-86365 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To endure the winter and deliver a powerful rebuff to Russian attacks on Ukrainian cities is the focus of all efforts now – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 13 October 2023 - 19:31 View all videos n latest news Ukraine's strength and our future lies in unity – President during his interaction with cadets and instructors at military academies in Odesa 13 October 2023 - 23:28 Victory is Ukraine's path to NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his interaction with cadets and instructors at military academies in Odesa 13 October 2023 - 23:11 Olena Zelenska: To realize their own value and remove barriers to their growth, women need significant efforts from both the state and employers 13 October 2023 - 21:41 Head of State in Odesa pays tribute to memory of fallen soldiers of Ukrainian Naval Forces 13 October 2023 - 21:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Victory is Ukraine's path to NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his interaction with cadets and instructors at military academies in Odesa 13 October 2023 - 23:11 In Odesa, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Mark Rutte spoke with cadets and teaching staff at the Military Academy and the Naval Institute of the national university Odesa Maritime Academy. "I am very pleased that we are here in Odesa today. And I am very pleased that we have the opportunity, along with our friend, Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte, to engage with our respected warriors – the future warriors. Some already have combat experience," the President of Ukraine said. On his part, Mark Rutte expressed his gratitude for the organization of this meeting and his respect for Ukrainians who have chosen to study to more effectively counter the aggressor. He is convinced that Ukraine will prevail in this war. The Prime Minister of the Netherlands said that the entire Ukrainian society is fighting for victory, but it is the responsibility of the military to advance on the front lines. "It is the military who go forward, take risks. You also operate more effectively than the enemy, doing unexpected things for it. This requires training and exercises," Mark Rutte said. Responding to cadets' questions, the Head of the State expressed the belief that the Ukrainian army has already reached the level of NATO, if not surpassed it. This is because, thanks to partners who have provided our state with modern equipment and weapons, domestic military experts have been able to undergo training, practice, and apply modern technology in combat conditions. "Therefore, I believe our people with experience are well-suited. There's nothing more to add about the heroism of Ukrainians; our partners talk about it every day," the President said. Currently, our army works with almost all types of NATO-standard weapons. "So, I believe we are already prepared. What do we need? As long as we are at war, we won't be in NATO. We need to win. Victory is the only path for Ukraine to the Alliance," the Head of State said. v Videos ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine