6 captures 11 Mar 2023 - 24 Jun 2025 Feb MAR Apr 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230311102504/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-81497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:26 View all videos n latest news Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:24 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Defense of Kingdom of Norway 10 March 2023 - 17:57 At the Vilnius Summit, Ukraine expects NATO member states to endorse security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 16:29 Joint Statement of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Finland Sanna Marin 10 March 2023 - 16:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Finland 10 March 2023 - 13:44 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call today with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan as part of the ongoing dialogue with allies. Andriy Yermak informed of the current situation at the front and the decisions made by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the military leadership regarding the course of the defense operation in the Bakhmut sector. Separately, the interlocutors discussed ongoing international efforts to provide defense and financial support to Ukraine, as it fights to liberate its lands from Russian occupation. Andriy Yermak also spoke about the crimes committed by Russia against Ukrainians, including the abduction, deportation and forced adoption of Ukrainian children from the occupied territories. He emphasized that these crimes against the Ukrainian people must face a fair punishment under the law. In addition, the Head of the Presidential Office informed about the large-scale damage to Ukraine's environment caused by Russian aggression. He noted that the consequences of this damage will affect ecosystems across Europe. Therefore, Andriy Yermak said the world must make every effort to stop the destructive impact of aggression on the environment and bring Russia to justice, as provided for in the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude to the President of the United States, both houses of Congress and the American people as a whole for their unwavering and strong support of Ukraine in its ongoing struggle for territorial integrity, freedom, and European democratic values. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine