1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309032431/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets and the US Defense Attaché discussed preparations for the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 28 July 2021 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed with US Defense Attaché Brittany Stewart and other representatives of the US Embassy the course of defense reforms in Ukraine and preparations for the Ukrainian President's visit to the United States. Over the year of the ceasefire in the Donbas, the number of shelling occasions and deaths has halved, the Head of State is doing everything to establish peace in eastern Ukraine - Press Secretary of the President 27 July 2021 - 19:36 Since July 27, 2020, when the agreement on the establishment of a full and comprehensive ceasefire in the Donbas came into force, the number of shelling occasions and deaths among the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine has halved, and the number of wounded has reduced more than thrice. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov during a briefing on Tuesday. Andriy Yermak met with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet 21 July 2021 - 21:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet who was on a visit to Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration aspirations with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia 16 July 2021 - 11:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held talks with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia Vladimir Drobnjak. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State Victoria Nuland 10 July 2021 - 14:46 In furtherance of the regular dialogue with the American party, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland on July 9. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See 8 July 2021 - 13:20 In order to develop the dialogue between Ukraine and the Holy See at the highest level, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See Pietro Parolin. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets discussed prospects for defense cooperation with NATO Strategic Advisor on SOF issues 24 June 2021 - 21:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed a number of issues regarding the prospects and ways for NATO countries to assist in building the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with NATO Strategic Advisor on Special Operations Forces (SOF) Michael Ripass (USA). Particular attention was paid to aspects of social protection and education of representatives of this unit of the Armed Forces in the general context of defense reform. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Victoria Nuland 24 June 2021 - 09:13 In the framework of regular communications with the American party, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs of the United States Victoria Nuland. The incidence of COVID-19 is declining in Ukraine - meeting at the President's Office 22 June 2021 - 13:36 The incidence of COVID-19 is declining in Ukraine. This was discussed during a conference call held at the President's Office. European partners should hear the coherent voice of Ukrainians abroad - Andriy Yermak 12 June 2021 - 19:28 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with the leadership of the Ukrainian World Congress. Andriy Yermak thanked the Ukrainian World Congress for supporting Ukraine's interests, in particular on European and Euro-Atlantic integration. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine