5 captures 27 Oct 2023 - 02 Feb 2026 Sep OCT Nov 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231027050641/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oleksij-kuleba-zustrivsya-z-golovoyu-postijnogo-predstavnict-86621 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are expanding our capabilities and seeing the end of the war with a Ukrainian victory more clearly – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 October 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news Oleksiy Kuleba meets with Head of EIB office in Ukraine 26 October 2023 - 22:06 We are expanding our capabilities and seeing the end of the war with a Ukrainian victory more clearly – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 October 2023 - 21:31 Yulia Sokolovska discusses further cooperation in developing social sphere with the head of the Council of Europe Office in Ukraine 26 October 2023 - 20:22 Russia needs to see that its ambitions as an invader will endure less than our ability to defend our freedom – address of the President of Ukraine to the participants of the meeting of the European Council at the level of the leaders of the EU states 26 October 2023 - 20:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba meets with Head of EIB office in Ukraine 26 October 2023 - 22:06 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Head of the Office of the European Investment Bank (EIB) in Ukraine, Mr. Jean-Erik De Zagon. "The European Investment Bank has been providing significant and uninterrupted support to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion, responding to the urgent needs of our country. We sincerely thank our partners for such powerful assistance," Oleksiy Kuleba said. During the meeting, the implementation of EIB's current projects and potential cooperation in the post-war reconstruction within the Ukraine Facility, being developed in close collaboration with representatives of government authorities at all levels and civil organizations, including the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, were discussed. "The approaches to recovery require constant dialogue and shaped state policies, from spatial planning to training qualified personnel. Representatives of all branches of government are currently united in supporting community initiatives for recovery and development," the Deputy Head of the Office of the President said. Jean-Erik De Zagon, on his part, said that Ukraine is not only fighting for its territory but also for European values. He also added that the financial support from the European Investment Bank to our country remains unwavering. "As of today, we have already allocated over EUR 2 billion to meet Ukraine's urgent needs. In addition, we will continue financing from the EU for Ukraine Fund bolstered by contributions from EU member states and guarantees from the European Commission and has already gathered EUR 500 million. These significant investments underline our resolute and enduring commitment: we will stand shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine for as long as it needed," Jean-Erik De Zagon said. The Head of the EIB office in Ukraine highly appreciated the decentralization process, which, despite the full-scale war, continues in Ukraine, and assured that the EIB remains committed to supporting and providing constant assistance to our country on its path to EU membership. "Recovery and development should be based on the needs of local communities and take into account local peculiarities. This is vitally important for building a sustainable and flourishing Ukraine," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine