1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033136/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=85 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska, King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla took part in the proclamation of the UK-Ukraine library twinning 26 April 2023 - 20:07 The event brought together Liverpool Central Library and Mykhailo Hrushevsky Odesa Scientific Library. Olena Zelenska thanked Their Majesties and the United Kingdom for their support of Ukraine, particularly in the field of culture. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of the People’s Republic of China 26 April 2023 - 18:33 During a productive hour-long conversation, the heads of state discussed a full range of topical issues of bilateral relations. Special attention was paid to the ways of possible cooperation to establish a just and sustainable peace for Ukraine. Ukraine has a unique experience of protecting the state and people in the conditions of aggression, so we invite Italy to build a new security of the world together - President at the Ukraine Recovery Conference in Rome 26 April 2023 - 18:21 I invite your businesses, your investments, your experience to come to Ukraine right now. President honored the memory of the victims of the Chornobyl disaster 26 April 2023 - 11:59 On the 37th anniversary of the Chornobyl nuclear power plant tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the liquidators who died as a result of the accident. Every manifestation of Russian terror is an additional argument that everything should end in the Tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 25 April 2023 - 22:23 Russia can be stopped. This is a common interest. Stopped by the might of our warriors on the frontline. By our weapons, both Ukrainian and those we receive from our partners. By the power of law, that is, sanctions that need to be constantly enhanced, and by our joint work for justice. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 25 April 2023 - 14:31 The participants of the meeting analyzed the state of providing the defense units of Ukraine with ammunition and weaponry. In addition, consideration of the issue of staffing and military equipment provision for the newly created brigades was held. Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul, presented a new action plan to further strengthen sanctions pressure on Russia. Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 The parties discussed ways to strengthen cooperation to stop the violation of the rights of Ukrainian children by the Russian Federation, in particular their illegal deportation from the territory of Ukraine. We are already preparing our energy sector for the next winter - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2023 - 19:42 I came back to Kyiv from a working trip to Zhytomyr, we actually worked there all day. President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Estonia visited Zhytomyr Polytechnic and talked to students 24 April 2023 - 19:21 The Head of State and the Prime Minister of Estonia visited the laboratories of telecommunications, radio communications, robotics, cybersecurity, digitization and mining-ecological laboratory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Kaja Kallas talked to the students and answered their questions. 1 2 ... 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine