1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine is becoming an influential state, and sports must be an integral part of this influence – President at meeting with students of sports educational institutions 8 September 2023 - 23:05 On the occasion of the upcoming Day of Physical Culture and Sport, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with students from 29 educational institutions in the field of physical culture and sports from different regions of the country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Ukrainian athletes-winners of the 3rd European Games, presents state awards 8 September 2023 - 20:54 On the eve of the Day of Physical Culture and Sport, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the winners of the 3rd European Games, where the Ukrainian national team secured third place in the overall team rankings. President: Engaging as many countries as possible in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will cause real isolation of Russia 8 September 2023 - 16:27 "It is important for us to involve China in the Peace Formula. It is important for us to bring the Global South specifically to our side. All of this will have an impact, and there will be real, concrete - not abstract - political isolation of Russia. Political isolation is always followed by economic isolation. These are very important steps," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine's steps in the counteroffensive are probably faster than new sanctions packages today 8 September 2023 - 16:18 The sooner Ukraine receives more powerful long-range weapons, the faster the counteroffensive and liberation of Ukrainian lands from the occupiers will take place. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a panel discussion at the 18th Yalta European Strategy meeting "The Future is Decided in Ukraine". President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Israel 7 September 2023 - 20:31 The President emphasized the importance of Israel's support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. He expressed gratitude for providing shelter to Ukrainian citizens who fled to Israel as a result of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak discussed the functioning of the "grain corridor" and the continuation of defense cooperation 7 September 2023 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. President of Ukraine on the Day of Military Intelligence: Thanks to intelligence officers and all our defense and security forces, Ukrainians feel that we can beat Russia 7 September 2023 - 16:30 On the Day of Military Intelligence of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and presented high state awards. President introduces new Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov 7 September 2023 - 13:05 The Head of State noted that today the Ministry of Defense has a new agency, as it is responsible for coordinating the entire defense sector. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Antony Blinken discuss further support for Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken, visiting our country. Mette Frederiksen's name plaque unveiled on Walk of Brave in Kyiv 6 September 2023 - 20:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, after the negotiations in Kyiv, opened a plaque dedicated to the head of the government of the Kingdom of Denmark on the Walk of the Brave in Constitution Square. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine