31 captures 08 Nov 2021 - 05 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220201165438/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/normandskij-format-ye-bezalternativnim-majdanchikom-dlya-per-71485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Poland 1 February 2022 - 18:07 In Kyiv, the President of Ukraine started a meeting with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 1 February 2022 - 17:21 Diplomatic support for Ukraine since 2014 is the greatest, unconditional and ongoing - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 February 2022 - 11:51 President at the opening of the seventh session of the Verkhovna Rada: We need the unity of all, always and in everything 1 February 2022 - 11:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in a solemn sitting on the occasion of the opening of the 7th session of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation 1 February 2022 - 12:22 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in Donbas: Press Secretary of the President 8 November 2021 - 18:30 The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in eastern Ukraine, and the responsibility for delaying the progress of the negotiation process lies with the Russian party. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov in a video commentary. "The Russian party remains solely responsible for the delay in the Normandy format. Ukraine, France and Germany are ready for contacts at the level of ministers and leaders in the near future. We believe that the essence of the negotiations is to get a result. If the Russian party insists that the outcome should be known before the start of negotiations, it calls into question the negotiation process itself. We call on Moscow to cooperate. Donbas is waiting for peace, and Russia must make a contribution to its achievement," Serhiy Nykyforov said. The President's Press Secretary also informed that after the appointment of Oleksiy Reznikov to the post of Minister of Defense, Iryna Vereshchuk, who was appointed Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine, will join the Ukrainian delegation in the Trilateral Contact Group. MP Andriy Kostin will temporarily act as the first deputy head of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG. According to Serhiy Nykyforov, the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group should focus even more on resolving humanitarian and social issues. "The Office of the President emphasizes the need to intensify work on the release of detainees, ensure normal working conditions of the checkpoints on the touch line. It is also necessary to create a new subgroup that will work to return control over the state border in Donbas to Ukraine. If the Russian party recognizes the Minsk agreements, it must also agree to implement the "Minsk" points at the level of the TCG,” said the President's Press Secretary. Serhiy Nykyforov noted that the Russian Federation has long kept specific groups of troops near Ukraine's borders, and Ukrainian special services and Ukraine's international partners are working on this issue. "There is a kind of ongoing reinforcement. Such changes have become the cause of concern for our partners, which resulted in the publications of Western media. But it is too early to draw conclusions about Russia's specific goals and possible developments at the border. The key thing is that Ukraine and our partners carry out full and prompt communication at various levels, and we are ready to respond to any scenarios," the President's Press Secretary summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine