1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224045805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=80 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President: We must provide every Ukrainian with high-speed Internet in any part of our country 26 February 2021 - 20:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the relevant ministers discussed the digitization of the economy, as well as the strategy for the development of culture and sports for the coming years. President convenes a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 25 February 2021 - 21:53 On Friday, February 26, 2021, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will convene a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine due to the need to take operational decisions on topical issues of state security. Judicial system in its current format has proved its ineligibility - President during a meeting with the leadership of parliament and government 25 February 2021 - 20:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Dmytro Razumkov, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, heads of parliamentary committees and government representatives. Presidential couple watched the exhibition "Lesya Ukrainka: 150 Names" 25 February 2021 - 20:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the exhibition "Lesya Ukrainka: 150 Names", which is part of an art project dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the prominent Ukrainian writer and public figure. President appointed Oksana Markarova to the post of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States 25 February 2021 - 18:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed Decree № 75/2021 on the appointment of Oksana Markarova to the post of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Ukraine to the United States of America. Volodymyr Zelenskyy establishes the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President, the first task of which is to develop the Municipal Code of Ukraine 25 February 2021 - 16:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the creation of a Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, which should promote the establishment of qualitatively new relations between central and local authorities. President at the meeting of the Communities and Territories Development Council: We have to solve several important tasks to complete decentralization 25 February 2021 - 14:46 To complete decentralization, it is necessary to amend the Constitution of Ukraine on relations between central and local authorities, as well as to adopt legislation on local referendums and on self-government in urban communities. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the meeting of the Communities and Territories Development Council within the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30". Pleased to hear that NATO's door is open for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with Jens Stoltenberg 25 February 2021 - 14:42 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg discussed topical issues related to the implementation of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic course and the possibility of deepening practical cooperation with the Alliance. President honored the memory of Lesya Ukrainka 25 February 2021 - 10:09 On the 150th anniversary of the birth of a prominent Ukrainian writer and public figure Lesya Ukrainka, a basket of flowers was laid at the monument to the writer in Kyiv on behalf of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a conversation with Andrzej Duda: Nord Stream 2 is a trap for the whole of Europe 24 February 2021 - 21:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda. Particular attention was paid to energy security in Europe. The leaders coordinated steps to further oppose the Nord Stream 2 project and agreed to involve the international community in this process as much as possible. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine