1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=14 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President familiarized himself with the program of training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 at the base of the Royal Danish Air Force 20 August 2023 - 19:38 During a working visit to the Kingdom of Denmark, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Fighter Wing Skrydstrup air base of the Royal Danish Air Force. President following the negotiations in the Netherlands: We will use F-16 to keep Russian terrorists away from Ukrainian cities and villages 20 August 2023 - 17:15 Ukraine and the Netherlands have agreed to provide our country with F-16 fighter jets after the training of Ukrainian pilots and engineers is completed. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives. Volodymyr Zelenskyy familiarized himself with the peculiarities of operation and maintenance of F-16 fighter jets at the Royal Netherlands Air Force base 20 August 2023 - 16:05 The President heard information from Commander of the Royal Netherlands Air Force André Steur and inspected two F-16 fighter jets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Mark Rutte 20 August 2023 - 15:55 During a working visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte in Eindhoven. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Speaker of Swedish Parliament, leaders of parliamentary parties 19 August 2023 - 20:38 At the meeting, special attention was paid to the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The President thanked the Riksdag for supporting his proposals to establish a lasting and just peace. Audience of President and First Lady of Ukraine with Royal couple of Sweden took place 19 August 2023 - 19:04 The head of the Ukrainian state expressed his gratitude for Sweden's comprehensive support for our country in the struggle for its independence and territorial integrity. Together with our partners, we are working on strengthening Ukrainian opportunities in the sky – President in Sweden 19 August 2023 - 18:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the Ukrainian army needs to control the sky to ensure the further advance of troops and the liberation of the territories occupied by Russia. Security cooperation between Ukraine and Sweden will fully reflect the unity of our values – Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Swedish government head 19 August 2023 - 17:53 As part of his working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. Statement of Intent between the Prime Minister of Sweden and the President of Ukraine on enhanced cooperation on the cv90 platform 19 August 2023 - 16:06 Acknowledging that CV90 is a highly effective and modern combat vehicle, Sweden and Ukraine share the conviction that further cooperation on the CV90 platform will be mutually beneficial. The Head of State accepted credentials from newly appointed ambassadors of Chile, Colombia and Peru 17 August 2023 - 21:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy accepted credentials of the newly appointed Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary during a ceremony held on the territory of the National Reserve "St. Sophia of Kyiv": Aylin Estrella Joo Liem of the Republic of Chile, Assad Jose Jater Peña of the Republic of Colombia, and Hubert Wieland Conroy of the Republic of Peru. 1 2 ... 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine