1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032506/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=144 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Patriot complex is an important step in creating an effective air shield for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations with the U.S. President 22 December 2022 - 02:16 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the key issue of his negotiations today in the USA was the strengthening of Ukraine in the next year and the movement of our state towards victory in the war for independence. Ukraine and the United States have begun a new stage in bilateral relations - President of Ukraine following the negotiations with the President of the United States in Washington 22 December 2022 - 02:01 The Head of State emphasized that his current visit to the USA is historic in bilateral relations between Ukraine and America. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of the United States in Washington 22 December 2022 - 00:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the invitation and warm welcome among true friends of Ukraine. On behalf of the Ukrainian people, he expressed gratitude to Joseph Biden and all Americans for the tremendous support and leadership that the United States has shown in helping Ukraine. Olena Zelenska held an online meeting with the first ladies of different countries of the world 21 December 2022 - 21:28 The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleagues for supporting our country during the Russian invasion. Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany 21 December 2022 - 19:28 The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted the important role of Germany in bringing the joint victory over Russian terror closer. Modalities of expanding defense support from Germany were discussed, which, among other things, will make possible further successful counteroffensive operations of Ukraine and the restoration of its internationally recognized borders. Andriy Yermak discussed ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula with generals from the USA and Norway 21 December 2022 - 16:22 On Tuesday evening, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with ex-commander of the U.S. Africa Command, General David Rodriguez, former commander of the Norwegian Armed Forces, General Sverre Diesen, and regional director of the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD) David Gorman. President of Ukraine started an official visit to the United States 21 December 2022 - 08:01 On December 21, in Washington, he will meet with U.S. President Joseph Biden, with whom he will discuss comprehensive cooperation between the two countries, in particular with regard to strengthening the resilience and defense capabilities of Ukraine, supporting its sovereignty and restoring territorial integrity. Support our indomitable Bakhmut and its defenders - address by the President of Ukraine 20 December 2022 - 21:27 Every day they endured there, every hit they withstood there, every attack they repelled and every counterattack they carried out is a life for Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with the Ukrainian military in Bakhmut and presented state awards 20 December 2022 - 14:12 While in the area of hostilities, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Ukrainian warriors for their courage, resilience and strength, which they demonstrate while repelling enemy attacks. The key task for all of us now is to increase international support for Ukraine next year - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 December 2022 - 23:45 If your opinion is heard in the media, if you support the state in the expert field, you too can help get everything that our defense forces need. The main thing is to speak for Ukraine with one voice and defend our common interest: everything for the victory of Ukraine, everything to help our defense. 1 2 ... 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine