5 captures 17 Mar 2022 - 12 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220317124600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-sogodni-pogodzheno-devyat-gumanitarnih-koridoriv-dlya-eva-73617 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world must officially recognize that Russia has become a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2022 - 01:15 View all videos n latest news Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Bundestag 17 March 2022 - 12:02 To date, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon to evacuate the population and send aid - Iryna Vereshchuk 17 March 2022 - 10:46 The world must officially recognize that Russia has become a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2022 - 01:05 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the US Congress 16 March 2022 - 17:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Ministers of Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovenia 16 March 2022 - 02:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office To date, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon to evacuate the population and send aid - Iryna Vereshchuk 17 March 2022 - 10:46 As of March 17, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon to evacuate residents of settlements affected by the Russian invasion. An information bureau for war prisoners has also been set up. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. In particular, an evacuation corridor from the city of Mariupol to the city of Zaporizhzhia has been agreed upon in the Donetsk region. "We have asked for approval of this route and plan to send buses from the city of Zaporizhzhia to Berdyansk to gather people from Mariupol. We will also send a tank truck to refuel private cars on the route," she said. A number of humanitarian corridors are planned in the Kyiv region: From Borodyanka to Zhytomyr. From the village of Shevchenkove to the city of Brovary. "We also plan to deliver humanitarian aid in the form of food and medicine to the cities of Hostomel and Bucha, the villages of Semypolky, Markivka and Opanasiv," said Iryna Vereshchuk. In the Kharkiv region, a humanitarian route from the city of Vovchansk to Kharkiv has been agreed upon. According to Iryna Vereshchuk, work is underway to ensure the delivery of humanitarian aid to all settlements that are surrounded or blocked. "We are stepping up our efforts to free captured civilians," she said. These include the release of Dniprorudne Mayor Yevhen Matvieyev, Melitopol District Council Chairman Serhiy Pryyma, Ivankiv Mayor Tetiana Svyrydenko, Shchastya Civil City Administration Chairman Volodymyr Tiurin, Skadovsk City Council Secretary Yuriy Paliukh and SES rescuer Oleksiy Danchenko. Iryna Vereshchuk informed that in accordance with the Geneva Convention relative to the treatment of prisoners of war, the National Information Bureau was established on March 17. “It is determined that the state enterprise "Ukrainian National Center for Peacebuilding", which belongs to the Ministry of Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories, will be a legal entity of public law and perform the functions of the National Information Bureau. We have informed the Red Cross through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs about the establishment of such a bureau and we hope that our work will be fruitful and productive for people, families who are waiting for their children to return home from captivity," said the Deputy Prime Minister. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine