9 captures 24 Nov 2022 - 08 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221124221857/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pid-golovuvannyam-volodimira-zelenskogo-vidbulosya-zasidanny-79405 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has not found a way to break us and will not find it - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 22:27 View all videos n latest news Russia has not found a way to break us and will not find it - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 22:25 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 24 November 2022 - 19:38 Educators-cooks who will train canteen workers of secondary education institutions took part in the seminars 24 November 2022 - 18:04 The Yermak-McFaul sanctions group developed a new document on increasing the effectiveness of sanctions against Russia 24 November 2022 - 15:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 24 November 2022 - 19:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Thursday. The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and the commanders of the troops of the operational directions reported on the current situation at the front, separately they informed about the actions in the Donetsk direction. Reports of the intelligence chiefs about the enemy's plans for the near future were also heard. The participants of the meeting analyzed the provision of the defense forces with equipment, weapons and ammunition, as well as the actual needs of the army for the winter period. In addition, the members of the Staff discussed the course of restoration of Ukraine's energy system and liquidation of the consequences of recent Russian missile attacks. Separately, they focused on the issue of ensuring communication stability in wartime, in particular by switching to autonomous power supply. Work was also continued on protecting critical infrastructure objects from Russian attacks. In this context, the need to strengthen cooperation with Ukraine's partners for the formation of effective air defense was emphasized. The meeting was attended by: Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov, Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny, Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate Kyrylo Budanov, Head of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine Oleksandr Lytvynenko, Commander of the Ground Forces Oleksandr Syrskyi of the Ukrainian Armed Forces and the commanders of the troops of the operational directions. The meeting of the Staff was also attended by: Minister of Internal Affairs Denys Monastyrskyi, Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba, Minister of Infrastructure Oleksandr Kubrakov, other members of the government, heads of law enforcement and security agencies. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine