1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224064712/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Lugano conference should mark transition to new philosophy of support for change in Ukraine 20 January 2022 - 12:26 The Fifth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine scheduled for July 2022 should mark the transition to the support for the systemic transformation of our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a video address to the participants of the event "On the Road to Lugano". President took part in honoring the memory of soldiers who died for Ukraine's independence 20 January 2022 - 10:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in honoring the memory of Ukrainian servicemen who died on this day for freedom, independence and territorial integrity of our state. The names of 54 servicemen who died in different years of the war were announced near the Memorial Bell located on the territory of the Ministry of Defense. Among them - 51 soldiers who died heroically on January 20, 2015, defending the Donetsk airport. President had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden 19 January 2022 - 20:52 The President briefed the interlocutor on the security situation around Ukraine, as well as on the steps being taken to achieve peace within all available negotiation formats. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the importance of uniting and coordinating political and diplomatic efforts to unlock the peace process and restore stability. President of Ukraine met with the US Secretary of State 19 January 2022 - 19:05 The interlocutors exchanged views on the security situation around our country and the steps being taken within the existing negotiation formats, as well as other modalities of political and diplomatic settlement. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Secretary General of NATO 19 January 2022 - 16:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of US senators 17 January 2022 - 22:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with a bipartisan delegation of the US Congress, which included senators Robert Portman, Chris Murphy, Jeanne Shaheen, Amy Klobuchar, Richard Blumenthal and Roger Wicker. The President thanked the United States Congress for its solidarity with the people of Ukraine against the backdrop of current security challenges. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany 17 January 2022 - 20:52 The security situation around Ukraine, the course of the peace process were discussed in detail, and it was stressed that restrictive measures, including preventive sanctions, could prevent further escalation of aggression. Noting the unity of approaches to the peace process, in particular the cluster approach to the implementation of the Minsk agreements, the parties expressed hope that the next summit in the Normandy format will be held soon. Nearly 100,000 Ukrainians received booster shots of COVID-19 vaccine - meeting chaired by President 17 January 2022 - 15:27 Ukraine has only recently allowed a booster dose of COVID-19 vaccine, but almost 100,000 people have already received their third vaccination. This was discussed at a conference call on combating the spread of COVID-19 chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Department of State Protection 15 January 2022 - 16:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Department of State Protection and heard a report on the concept of development of the Department of State Protection. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine and Azerbaijan have set a new ambitious goal - to double bilateral trade by 2024 14 January 2022 - 15:05 The visit of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan to Ukraine qualitatively fills the strategic partnership between the two countries in the political, economic and security spheres. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with his Azerbaijani counterpart in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine