12 captures 19 Oct 2023 - 12 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231019120839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-kiyivshini-volodimir-zelenskij-oglyanuv-budivnictvo-zhitl-86441 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Minister of Defense presented a program of action; first steps have already been taken to resolve issues raised by the military – address by the President of Ukraine 18 October 2023 - 21:07 View all videos n latest news In Kyiv region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the construction of housing for people who lost their homes due to the war 19 October 2023 - 13:29 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the British Prime Minister's National Security Adviser 18 October 2023 - 22:19 Minister of Defense presented a program of action; first steps have already been taken to resolve issues raised by the military – address by the President of Ukraine 18 October 2023 - 21:06 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Romania 18 October 2023 - 19:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kyiv region 19 October 2023 - 12:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Kyiv region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the construction of housing for people who lost their homes due to the war 19 October 2023 - 13:29 During a working trip to Kyiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the construction of housing for people affected by the Russian invasion in the village of Tarasivka, funded by philanthropists. The Head of State visited Hansen's Town, which is being built by the Wasatch Group in partnership with To Ukraine With Love charitable organization. The Head of State, along with Wasatch Group founder Dell Loy Hansen and director of To Ukraine With Love Svitlana Miller, as well as Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba and Head of the Kyiv Regional Military Administration Ruslan Kravchenko, walked around the town, inspected several apartments and one of the houses that is ready for residents. Dell Loy Hansen told Volodymyr Zelenskyy in detail about the project's implementation and further plans for the development of Tarasivka. He assured that they are trying to build the 9-hectare town quickly but efficiently. The finished apartments have everything necessary for a comfortable stay: furniture, modern appliances, textiles and gift packages with sets of dishes. The apartments are standard, have 2 to 5 rooms and can accommodate large families of 5-6 people. There are also plans to equip apartments for family-type children's homes. A school for 600 pupils, a kindergarten for 70 children, a library, public spaces, a kitchen, etc. will also be built on the territory of the town. "I will do my best. I am glad to have the chance to work with wonderful people in this beautiful country. Ukraine is now fighting for democracy around the world," said Dell Loy Hansen, noting that he would continue to support Ukrainians. The Head of State commended the project and thanked the benefactor for his support. According to Oleksiy Kuleba and the Head of the Kyiv Regional Military Administration, the housing in the town will be provided temporarily free of charge to internally displaced Ukrainians who lost their homes as a result of the full-scale Russian invasion, family members of fallen defenders, war disabled, war victims, etc. The project will be implemented in four stages. At the first stage, 350 people will move into 80 apartments in the town. In total, the project provides housing for 450 families. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kyiv region 19 October 2023 - 12:59 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kyiv region 19 October 2023 - 12:59 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine