1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033146/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=98 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Deputy Head of the Presidential Office and the Head of the Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations discussed the restoration of civilian objects 30 March 2023 - 21:12 The parties discussed the humanitarian situation in Ukraine and the basic needs of the Ukrainian population in different regions of the country, which arose as a result of Russian armed aggression. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Rheinmetall delegation 30 March 2023 - 17:16 The President emphasized the need for further deepening and intensification of the partnership in order to meet the urgent needs of the defense forces of Ukraine and to significantly strengthen the defense capabilities of our country in the future. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 30 March 2023 - 14:02 The interlocutors discussed ways to implement the agreements reached during the phone call between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni on March 29. Supporting our people now means understanding how important it is not to remain morally neutral towards evil - address by the President of Ukraine to the National Council of the Republic of Austria 30 March 2023 - 13:20 I am sure that the Ukrainian Peace Formula will help the world protect itself from other similar aggressions. And I am sure that - against all odds - we will preserve our humanity, our civility, our morality and our belief that evil will always lose. Greater unity is needed to defeat tyranny; the democratic world is capable of achieving it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 29 March 2023 - 22:22 And all of us together: Ukrainians, all Europeans, our American allies, our friends on all continents - in Africa, in Asia, in Latin America, in Australia - will do everything to bring victory closer. The victory of Ukraine. The victory of freedom. Democracy needs victory already now - speech by the President of Ukraine at the plenary session of the second Summit for Democracy chaired by the U.S. President 29 March 2023 - 21:44 Ukrainian democracy maintains absolute internal unity even in the face of a total war against our people. To win – is our national goal. What does it mean to win? Our answer is clear: to preserve freedom, to preserve dignity, to preserve our land. European integration is a component of Ukraine's defense in the war against Russia - Ihor Zhovkva 29 March 2023 - 19:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the Political Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Sweden Torbjörn Sohlström. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with members of the working group on Ukraine's participation in the OECD 29 March 2023 - 18:57 The participants discussed the work on the draft law on the liability of legal entities for international bribery. The introduction of efficient and effective anti-corruption mechanisms is one of the conditions for our country's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. Famous British adventurer Bear Grylls will promote the “Rebuild Ukraine” direction as a UNITED24 ambassador 29 March 2023 - 18:00 Famous British traveler Bear Grylls joined the United24 fundraising platform of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and will promote the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction. He became the first British ambassador of the platform. Ukrainian bookshelves under the patronage of Olena Zelenska have appeared in two more countries 29 March 2023 - 12:06 Ukrainian bookshelves under the patronage of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska have been opened in two more countries: The Republic of North Macedonia and the Republic of Namibia. In total, the Ukrainian Bookshelf project has already covered 34 countries. 1 2 ... 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine