1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052919/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=51 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President addressed citizens in the temporarily occupied territories: People cannot be divided by passport, many Ukrainians took Russian passports as they had no choice 5 August 2021 - 22:31 The situation with the issuance of Russian passports to Ukrainian citizens in the temporarily occupied territories of Donbas and Crimea needs to be addressed wisely and carefully, as many people there found themselves in a hopeless situation when they had to survive. Therefore, it is impossible to divide Ukrainians by passports, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Dom TV channel. Law enforcement agencies will provide additional protection to those Belarusians who may be in danger - President 4 August 2021 - 13:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy instructed the Security Service and the Ministry of Internal Affairs to study all risks and provide unconditional protection for citizens of the Republic of Belarus who have arrived in Ukraine over the past year and who may face criminal encroachment due to their political or public activities. Ukraine to receive more than $ 2.7 billion from the IMF on the eve of the 30th anniversary of independence 3 August 2021 - 10:22 After a phone conversation between President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Kristalina Georgieva, which took place last week, Ukraine will receive more than $ 2.7 billion from the IMF free of charge and without any additional conditions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence is an opportunity to understand what we have learned over these years and what we must learn to save the country 2 August 2021 - 14:05 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented events dedicated to the anniversary of Ukraine's Independence Day. Celebration of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence "You are my only one" 2 August 2021 - 11:30 As part of the celebration of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence, more than 150 festive events will take place throughout the country. Festive events will last from August 22 to 24. At the NSDC meeting chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Strategy of Foreign Policy of Ukraine was approved 30 July 2021 - 20:38 In Kramatorsk, Donetsk region, under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a national meeting of the National Security and Defense Council was held, during which the Strategy of Foreign Policy of Ukraine was approved, sanctions were imposed on a number of individuals and legal entities, and other important decisions in the spheres of economic and state security were made. President inspected the construction of the Regional Multidisciplinary Hospital in Kramatorsk and observed the implementation of the Large Construction projects in the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 17:07 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the initial stage of construction of a modern Regional Multidisciplinary Hospital in Kramatorsk. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Avdiivka today is a city that has chosen the line of freedom, the line of the state of Ukraine 30 July 2021 - 14:15 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events marking the seventh anniversary of the liberation of the city of Avdiivka and introduced the new Commander of the Joint Forces. In the Donetsk region, the President honored the memory of fallen soldiers who defended Avdiivka 30 July 2021 - 13:42 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid flowers at the memorial to the JFO/ATO warriors perished in the battles for Avdiivka. In 2021, the memorial received the status of a memorial sign. President of Ukraine began a working trip to the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 12:27 The President will meet with servicemen participating in the Joint Forces Operation in eastern Ukraine. 1 2 ... 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine