13 captures 27 Sep 2023 - 18 Jun 2025 Aug SEP Oct 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230927042309/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashih-ukrayinskih-dij-proti-derzhavi-terorista-bude-bilshe-85893 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:17 View all videos n latest news There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:23 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the National Council of Austria 26 September 2023 - 17:15 The best thing for us is to be capable of producing advanced weapons to guarantee Ukraine's security, and we will do so - address by the President 25 September 2023 - 21:42 It was a very productive week, we have a lot of good defense and other decisions – address by the President of Ukraine 24 September 2023 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:23 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A report on the day. I held a meeting of the Staff. Several key points. The first is the actual situation at the front, our offensive and defensive operations. Important reports on the east and south. On the destruction of logistics and headquarters of the occupiers. There are good details. Loud details. I thank all the Ukrainian warriors who distinguished themselves! The second issue is the supply of shells. This is a topic we are dealing with on a daily basis. Supplies from partners. Searching for new opportunities in the world — we know exactly how to secure supplies. And we are gradually increasing the volume of Ukrainian production. This is one of our top priorities. Today, by the way, in addition to the reports at the meeting of the Staff, there was a separate meeting with the Ministry of Strategic Industries. There was also a separate informative intelligence report on the situation in the Russian military-industrial complex. We clearly see the areas where pressure on Russia needs to be increased so that terrorist capabilities do not grow. Sanctions are not enough. There will be more. There will be more of our own, Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state. As long as Russia's aggression continues, Russia's losses must be tangible. And, of course, our work with partners to end the war on Ukrainian terms, based on our Peace Formula. A totally fair one. Today I met with the President of the National Council of Austria, who was on a visit to Ukraine. We discussed in detail our efforts to get the world majority to join the implementation of the Peace Formula. And I appreciate Austria's willingness to join in. Of course, we also discussed our European course. I spoke about Ukraine's implementation of seven recommendations of the European Commission. And we rely on Austria's continued support for Ukraine's European integration. One more thing. Every day, Russian terrorists hit our cities and villages with missiles and "Shaheds". Almost every night, dozens of drones and various types of missiles are destroyed in the Ukrainian sky. Unfortunately, there are hits. There is also falling debris... And our rescuers, our police, doctors, volunteers, utilities — all emergency services — are always working 24/7 to help people and save our infrastructure. Today I want to thank these people who have distinguished themselves over the past weeks. In Odesa region, Poltava region, Cherkasy region. Employees of the State Emergency Service of Odesa region: Chief Master Sergeant Oleksiy Zhaboriuk, Sergeant Serhiy Chobu, Sergeant Oleksandr Vieliev. Odesa police officers: Colonel Vyacheslav Barba and Major Mykola Perekrestov. Firefighters of the Odesa branch of the Ukrainian Sea Ports Authority: senior firefighter Hennadiy Maystrenko and firefighter Andriy Kohut. Thank you all, guys, for your work! State Emergency Service of Ukraine in Poltava region: Sergeants Yevhen Bilokobylskyi and Volodymyr Smyk, Captain Serhiy Kyrychenko — thank you! Police of Poltava region: Senior Lieutenant Anton Tryholov and Captain Oleh Nikisha. Kseniya Kushko, a doctor at the Poltava Regional Center for Emergency Medical Care and Disaster Medicine. Feldsher Ihor Hevelia. Poltava volunteers: Tetiana Shakhovtseva and Ihor Shtefan. Thank you for your courage! Cherkasy. Morning of September 20, a strike on the city, on the Cherkasy Hotel. Employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in Cherkasy region: Lieutenant Colonel Dmytro Mokiyenko, Chief Master Sergeant Mykola Oliynyk, Sergeant Andriy Kutsevol. Cherkasy police: Lieutenant Colonel Volodymyr Brelakha, Senior Lieutenant Vadym Ruban. Thank you, guys! Cherkasy regional organization of the Ukrainian Red Cross Society, head of the organization Yuliya Kholodna — thank you for your help! Paramedic Oleksandra Ekzarkho — thank you! Cherkasy utility workers: Mykhailo Vasyliev and Dmytro Zadorozhnyi — thank you! I thank everyone who works tirelessly for people. Those who do their job, which helps the entire state to do its job. Glory to everyone who adds to Ukraine's power! Glory to all who fight! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine