2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324044638/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 If Europe hesitates, evil can prepare itself for years of war, it is in your power not to allow this to happen - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the European Council meeting 23 March 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden unveiled a plaque dedicated to the U.S. President on the Walk of the Brave 20 February 2023 - 15:45 "Ukraine is grateful to you, Mr. President, Ukraine is grateful to the United States of America - to all Americans in all cities and communities who cherish freedom as much as we do," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. We must make sure that this year becomes the year of victory - President of Ukraine following negotiations with the U.S. President in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 15:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy says that his negotiations with President of the United States Joseph Biden in Kyiv were important and meaningful, and their results will be felt on the battlefield - in strengthening Ukrainian warriors and de-occupying territories. Leaders of Ukraine and the United States honored the memory of fallen Ukrainian defenders and visited St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery 20 February 2023 - 14:00 The Presidents of Ukraine and the United States also laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of those who died for Ukraine, located near St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the United States Joseph Biden, who arrived in Ukraine for the first time since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. President and First Lady honored the memory of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2023 - 10:06 On the Day of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the activists perished during the Revolution of Dignity in 2014. President: Intimidation by Russia on the anniversary of the invasion will lead to nothing, we must believe in ourselves 17 February 2023 - 16:07 Russia's attempts to intimidate Ukrainian citizens with the threat of massive shelling on the eve of the anniversary of the full-scale invasion will not yield results, as our air defense forces are more powerful than ever. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Mark Rutte in Kyiv 17 February 2023 - 15:57 The President expressed gratitude for the recent decision of The Hague to transfer Patriot air defense systems to Ukraine, which will strengthen the defense of our skies. The Head of State also noted the powerful contribution of the Netherlands to the tank coalition. President met with the Leader of the British Labour Party 16 February 2023 - 21:14 The Head of State emphasized that the priority is to further strengthen support for Ukraine from partners and allies, among whom the UK is one of the major. That is why the visit of the Leader of the Labour Party is extremely important. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Israel Eli Cohen 16 February 2023 - 20:26 The two leaders discussed deepening bilateral cooperation in various areas. The Head of State spoke about the Ukrainian ten-step Peace Formula and invited Israel to take part in its implementation. In this context, the parties also discussed support for the Ukrainian initiative in the UN. There will be challenges ahead, but we are doing everything to make this year victorious for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 February 2023 - 18:25 According to the Head of State, the situation on the eastern frontline, particularly in the area of Bakhmut in the Donetsk region, is very difficult today. However, the heroic defenders of the city are steadfastly holding their positions and destroying the military potential of the invaders. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 68 69 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine