11 captures 10 Nov 2020 - 17 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220519014918/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/novi-karantinni-zahodi-dadut-horoshij-efekt-prezident-pid-ch-65037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:47 View all videos n latest news Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:42 Ukraine must get everything it needs to win, because prolonging the war is a risk for the whole world - Andriy Yermak on MSNBC 18 May 2022 - 22:52 Andriy Yermak talked online with American actor Robert De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal 18 May 2022 - 22:36 The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events New quarantine measures will have a good effect - President during a conference call on the prevention of COVID-19 9 November 2020 - 14:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers and law enforcement agencies to control the situation with the spread and prevention of coronavirus infection. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal provided the current data on the epidemic situation and informed that last week 10 more hospitals started accepting patients with COVID-19. He also noted that the number of beds for such patients has increased by 4,400, and that the government continues to increase the number of tests. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov stressed that pursuant to the order of the President, oxygen concentrators are being purchased and companies producing medical oxygen are being licensed. Additionally, 16 such enterprises were licensed. The Head of State was also informed that the hospitals of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine and Ukrzaliznytsia accept urgent patients who do not have COVID-19 in order to make room for patients with coronavirus infection in repurposed medical institutions. This added about 5,000 beds. Currently, the change of routes is being finalized so that patients in an urgent condition can be brought to these institutions. Additionally, the government purchases antibody tests. 3 million such tests will be purchased for UAH 1 billion allocated for this purpose. Now the first hundred thousand are on the way. The President asked if the coronavirus hotline launched by the Ministry of Health to consult and help people was working. Maksym Stepanov said that 53% of those who applied had questions about family doctors. They mainly concerned the inability to contact one's own family doctor, the fact that a person does not have a family doctor, or the inability to send a mobile team. The Minister of Health assured that all appeals are carefully processed. The parties dwelled on the preparation of beds in case of an increase in patients. In a few weeks, about a hundred thousand more should be provided. "Temporary quarantine for the weekend, for about a few weeks, can help us avoid a hard lockdown. In this way we will avoid a large increase in patients and have time to prepare the required number of beds. Increasing the number of beds, wearing masks and temporary quarantine on the weekend will have a good effect. Our scenario of the epidemic situation in the cold season will not be the worst," the President said. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov said that the number of people in masks is noticeably increasing, as Ukrainians have begun to take a more responsible approach to anti-epidemic measures. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine