10 captures 21 Dec 2022 - 07 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221221174620/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-generalami-zi-ssha-ta-norvegiyi-sh-79989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Support our indomitable Bakhmut and its defenders - address by the President of Ukraine 20 December 2022 - 21:32 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discussed ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula with generals from the USA and Norway 21 December 2022 - 16:22 President of Ukraine started an official visit to the United States 21 December 2022 - 08:01 Support our indomitable Bakhmut and its defenders - address by the President of Ukraine 20 December 2022 - 21:27 President of Ukraine met with the Ukrainian military in Bakhmut and presented state awards 20 December 2022 - 14:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk region 20 December 2022 - 14:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula with generals from the USA and Norway 21 December 2022 - 16:22 On Tuesday evening, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with ex-commander of the U.S. Africa Command, General David Rodriguez, former commander of the Norwegian Armed Forces, General Sverre Diesen, and regional director of the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD) David Gorman. Head of the State Property Fund of Ukraine Rustem Umerov also took part in the meeting. Andriy Yermak told the interlocutors about the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented during an online speech at the G20 Summit in Indonesia. According to the Head of the Office of the President, this document was developed on the basis of the norms of international law and the UN Charter. It consists of 10 points, the implementation of which will bring the end of the war unleashed by Russia closer. "It is important to ensure that the majority of countries in the world support this peace plan. And it is important to find out how to make other countries interested in its implementation on Ukrainian terms. And our conditions are very simple: we want to return all our territories, remain independent and be strong enough not to give the aggressor the opportunity to attack again," said Andriy Yermak. He said that preliminary talks have already taken place with Ukraine's largest partners, who positively assessed the Peace Formula. There are also plans to secure the support of the G7 states and hold a summit for peace with the participation of other countries of the world at the UN site. Andriy Yermak emphasized that it is important for the Ukrainian Peace Formula to be backed by the appropriate resolution of the UN General Assembly. "It is necessary for the world to support this peace plan - to confirm that it is not only Ukrainian demands, but a realistic plan that complies with the UN Charter," said the Head of the President's Office. According to him, at the summit for peace, each country will be able to choose for itself the points of the Ukrainian formula, in the implementation of which it will be able to show its leadership. In particular, in the field of security, the Peace Formula provides for the conclusion of the Kyiv Security Compact, which should become the basis of a new security architecture in Europe and the world. Andriy Yermak also said that the Ukrainian Peace Formula provides for the creation of an international humanitarian organization with an office in Kyiv with the support of Ukraine's partners, since the International Committee of the Red Cross has not demonstrated effectiveness in any of the issues within its competence since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. "Not a single representative of the ICRC arrived to check the conditions of detention of the Ukrainian defenders of Azovstal in Russian captivity. Instead, representatives of this organization visited wounded Russian soldiers in a hospital in Moscow. The ICRC waited for five months for the Russian President to give permission for the organization to access our prisoners in Olenivka, who are there in almost concentration camp conditions. How is this possible?" said the Head of the Office of the President. Therefore, as Andriy Yermak pointed out, it is necessary to create a new organization, which will include brave people ready to visit places of detention of prisoners and monitor the conditions in which they are kept. In his opinion, it is important to ensure that as many countries as possible understand that Russia's war against Ukraine has changed everything, and the world will no longer be the same as before. Therefore, it is necessary to develop a new humanitarian, energy and security policy. "I would be happy to start cooperation with you, given your expertise, your experience and connections in the countries of Africa, Asia and South America, to help stop this war and build a new powerful security system in the world based on security guarantees for Ukraine,” noted Andriy Yermak, addressing the interlocutors. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine