4 captures 06 Apr 2020 - 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214231437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-mayemo-ubezpechiti-ukrayinciv-vid-epidemiyi-koronavirusu-60481 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We need to protect Ukrainians from the coronavirus epidemic during Easter - President 3 April 2020 - 13:10 Additional measures to protect Ukrainians during the Easter holidays were discussed at a daily conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on combating the spread of coronavirus. In particular, the parties discussed the issues of strengthening control over the wearing of masks, limiting crowds and the regime of worship service. "We must do everything to protect Ukrainians from the coronavirus epidemic. Easter is always an important period for people, a period of family reunification. I am sure that Ukrainians understand that there is a need to protect the nearest ones at this important time as well,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was informed that in order to respond to the difficult situation of doctors in the Ternopil region and their appeal to the President and the Government, Chief medical officer Viktor Lyashko has already set off for the region. He will settle the issue of the provision of health workers with protective means, inform about the recent actions of the government to assist patients, and consider any pressing issues of physicians and local residents. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov said that licensing of Ukrainian companies for the production of pharmaceuticals that will help overcome COVID-19 in the initial stages and avoid complications is underway. The Ministry of Health has already developed a protocol for the treatment of coronavirus patients. Tonight, 100,000 tests arrived in Ukraine, and they will have been delivered to the regions by night, Secretary of the Coordination Council on Combating the Spread of COVID-19 Kyrylo Tymoshenko said. He also added that a contract for the purchase of reagents, which will be enough to carry out one million tests, will be signed today, on April 3. "At the beginning of next week, these reagents will be sent to regional laboratories," Kyrylo Tymoshenko noted. The first batch of reusable protective suits for doctors will be shipped to the regions today. By the end of next week, healthcare institutions will have received 12,000 items of such protective clothing. The necessary special means and equipment are purchased on a regular basis, Kyrylo Tymoshenko stressed. The President of Ukraine stated that the delivery of these items to medical institutions should be checked. “To avoid the fact that we are looking for money, partners, negotiating with production abroad, organizing planes, transportation, and then receiving beautiful statistics and hundreds of doctors' complaints that they have nothing. Doctors are in the midst of infection, they are our warriors, our protection, our hope. We are doing everything for them to be protected and be able to protect us,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine