1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033121/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=106 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Iceland 14 March 2023 - 16:58 The Head of State emphasized the fact of the visit of the Prime Minister of Iceland to our country and thanked for the active support of Ukraine by Reykjavik since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. President held a meeting of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief's Staff 14 March 2023 - 14:48 The members of the Staff heard reports from the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops on the current situation at the front. We will do everything possible and impossible to strengthen our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2023 - 21:42 In particular, the government has approved and proposes to the Verkhovna Rada to adopt amendments to the state budget, with more than half a trillion hryvnias allocated for defense additionally. All funds will be used to provide financial support to the military, to support our defense sector. Head of the Presidential Office held a meeting with the Polish delegation 13 March 2023 - 16:02 The parties discussed a wide range of issues related to defense support for Ukraine, European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and Poland's participation in the reconstruction of our country. Now is the time when Ukraine can overcome all historical difficulties if we preserve our unity - address by the President of Ukraine 12 March 2023 - 20:11 I thank everyone who cares about Ukraine and Ukrainians! I thank everyone who cares about our unity and the unity of the world for the sake of Ukraine! I thank each and every one who is now fighting for the independence of our country! On the 160th anniversary of Volodymyr Vernadsky's birth, the President of Ukraine talked to the participants of the 27th Ukrainian Antarctic Expedition 12 March 2023 - 17:59 The Head of State noted that he was extremely pleased to see Ukrainian scientists and researchers doing an important job for their country so far away from Ukraine. Russia has become a synonym for terror and will become an example of defeat and fair punishment – address of President of Ukraine 11 March 2023 - 19:39 Russia will not be there. It has become a synonym for terror and will be an example of defeat and fair punishment for this terror. The punishment that the Kremlin cannot stop. Aid to Ukraine now is an investment in global peace, real architecture of security – President's address to American Enterprise Institute World Forum participants 10 March 2023 - 20:54 It is reasonable to defeat Russia now, to free Ukraine, to guarantee the security of Europe, to save from this Russian genocidal evil any other nation that could be threatened. Ukrainians are strong when they take care of each other, and free when they defend themselves – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2023 - 20:24 The meeting of the Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief has just ended. The commander-in-chief, commanders of the task forces reported on the situation on the front line, generally in the defense of the state. East and south, border. Bakhmut and our opportunities to strengthen there. Our responses to terrorist attacks. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Minister of Defense of Kingdom of Norway 10 March 2023 - 17:57 When congratulating the delegation, the President expressed his gratitude to the government, parliament, and the entire people of Norway for the comprehensive assistance provided to Ukraine and our citizens, and for effective support of our state's sovereignty and territorial integrity. 1 2 ... 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine