12 captures 28 Jun 2020 - 15 Jun 2025 Mar APR May 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220405124057/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/jogo-svyatist-papa-francisk-cinuye-zusillya-volodimira-zelen-61513 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There is ample evidence that it is Russian troops who destroy peaceful cities, torture and kill civilians - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 April 2022 - 00:47 View all videos n latest news There is ample evidence that it is Russian troops who destroy peaceful cities, torture and kill civilians - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 April 2022 - 00:38 Ukraine is an integral part of Europe and the democratic world and deserves to be at the center of the European security system - Head of the President's Office 4 April 2022 - 22:36 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Romanian Parliament 4 April 2022 - 21:26 Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kyiv region 4 April 2022 - 17:17 Go to all galleries Home News Current events His Holiness Pope Francis appreciates the efforts of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to end the war and achieve peace in Donbas - phone conversation 5 June 2020 - 18:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with His Holiness Pope Francis to develop the dialogue initiated during the official visit of the President of Ukraine to Vatican City State on February 8, 2020. The parties discussed today's crisis situation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, first of all the humanitarian challenges facing the world. Pope Francis noted that he appreciates Ukraine's desire for solidarity. "The support of Your Holiness in the issue of unity, solidarity and openness of Europe is important for Ukraine. It is important to work now to restore mutual trust and strengthen cooperation on the continent," the President said. The President of Ukraine informed Pope Francis about the successful measures taken by Ukraine during quarantine, in particular about the online format of children's education in schools. The good example of some Ukrainian churches in supporting the government's quarantine restrictions was also noted. The President informed His Holiness about the security situation in Donbas and appealed to the Holy See for assistance in the release of all Ukrainians illegally detained in the occupied part of Donbas, in the occupied Crimea and in Russia. "We are looking for a solution to move forward in a peaceful settlement. Ukraine will not violate the "red lines" regarding its own security, sovereignty and territorial integrity," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. His Holiness thanked the President of Ukraine for his attempts to achieve a peaceful settlement, and also noted that he was dealing with the issue of the release of Ukrainian serviceman Vitalii Markiv. In addition, the pontiff asked Volodymyr Zelenskyy to convey greetings to the Ukrainian people, to whom the Pope feels close in his heart. The interlocutors discussed bilateral cooperation in the humanitarian sphere. It was agreed to strengthen cooperation in health and environmental protection and to implement joint initiatives in this direction. The President reiterated the invitation to Pope Francis to make a visit to Ukraine. His Holiness stressed that he appreciated the efforts of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to end the war and achieve peace in Donbas. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine