18 captures 01 Aug 2021 - 23 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214024046/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-zasidanni-rnbo-pid-golovuvannyam-volodimira-zelenskogo-za-69873 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events At the NSDC meeting chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Strategy of Foreign Policy of Ukraine was approved 30 July 2021 - 20:38 In Kramatorsk, Donetsk region, under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a national meeting of the National Security and Defense Council was held, during which the Strategy of Foreign Policy of Ukraine was approved, sanctions were imposed on a number of individuals and legal entities, and other important decisions in the spheres of economic and state security were made. In total, there were eight issues on the agenda of the National Security and Defense Council meeting, one issue was considered additionally on the proposal of the Prime Minister. One of the most important decisions was the adoption of the Strategy of Foreign Policy of Ukraine, because for the first time in 30 years of independence, the Ukrainian state received a clear and understandable strategy in this direction. According to Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba, this document defines the goal of Ukrainian foreign policy, namely - the establishment of Ukraine in the world as a strong and authoritative European state. According to the official, the Strategy contains six priority areas of foreign policy and sets out three approaches that will be consolidated in the international arena. "There are 254 points in the Strategy, it is a very voluminous document, but its content can be systematized by three main theses: Ukraine is an active participant in international politics, Ukraine is forming a security architecture for itself, the region and the world, and Ukraine is a country of new economic opportunities. These are three principles, three approaches that will be laid down in every step we take in the foreign arena," Dmytro Kuleba summed up. In addition, the National Security and Defense Council heard a report from the Minister of the Interior on the implementation of state policy in the field of state border protection. The President set a task: all borders of Ukraine must meet the requirements. Another issue concerned the state of the national healthcare system and urgent measures to provide Ukrainian citizens with medical care. It was stressed that the domestic healthcare system must be ready for the challenges that may face Ukraine and the world due to the pandemic. The Head of State also set a task to increase from January 1, 2022 the financial support of medical staff, which bears the greatest burden during the growth of morbidity in the country. They also discussed further measures to reform the healthcare system, including the creation of modern medical facilities. The National Security and Defense Council has made a comprehensive decision on the state of Ukraine's water resources. As the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov said at the briefing following the meeting, this issue consisted of several points. One of them concerned surface waters used by industry. Volodymyr Zelenskyy focused on the inaction of the State Environmental Inspectorate, so the report of the chairman of this body will be heard at the next meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. The National Security and Defense Council also decided to take measures to neutralize threats in the energy sector. According to the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council, there are extremely dangerous trends in this area, in particular, there are signs of monopolization in the gas distribution market. "If there is a threat to national security, we are considering the introduction of temporary administrations," Oleksiy Danilov said. In addition, the President of Ukraine has set a task to ensure that electricity tariffs for vulnerable groups are not raised in any way. The National Security and Defense Council has also approved a decision to send national personnel to participate in the EU-led military Operation Althea in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Also at the request of Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, the National Security and Defense Council considered Ukraine’s commitments under the Paris Agreement on emission limits, the first part of which has been fulfilled. The state is now undertaking commitments as regards the second part. The President stressed that we must reduce emissions and develop a "green" economy, moving together with all countries of the civilized world that have signed this agreement. ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 14:01 ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine