1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926233110/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The State Emergency Service of Ukraine is Committed to Its Mission of Saving Lives Under Any Circumstances – President 17 September 2024 - 14:50 On Rescuer's Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the personnel of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, congratulated them on their professional holiday, and awarded state honors. Andriy Yermak Urged the Verkhovna Rada to Adopt Legislative Amendments to Comply with the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention 17 September 2024 - 12:32 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak delivered a video address at the conference "Ukraine on the Path to the OECD and Accession to the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention." President’s Office Discussed Goals of the Global Coalition of Ukrainian Studies 16 September 2024 - 20:47 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Olena Kovalska, Adviser – Commissioner of the President on the Presidential Foundation for Support of Education, Science and Sports Olha Budnyk held an online meeting with representatives of foreign educational institutions, diplomatic missions, and civil organizations to discuss the activities of the Global Coalition of Ukrainian Studies. Next Week, We Are Preparing to Present the Victory Plan to Our Allies – President’s Address 16 September 2024 - 19:47 Key people from each sector are involved. The necessary steps for Ukraine have already been clearly defined. The steps designed to give us the strongest possible position to bring about peace – a real, just peace. The Second Preparatory Meeting on the Creation of an International Compensation Mechanism Was Held in The Hague 16 September 2024 - 10:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Iryna Mudra, led Ukraine's delegation in The Hague at the second preparatory meeting on the international instrument for creating a claims commission for Ukraine. We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:09 Just in the past 24 hours, 128 guided aerial bombs were used. The only way to counter this terror is with a systemic solution, and that solution is long-range capabilities – enabling us to destroy Russian military aircraft at their bases. Ukraine Continues to Rely on U.S. Support at This Defining Moment – Andriy Yermak During Meeting with Congress Members 15 September 2024 - 13:12 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed further U.S. support for Ukraine with an American delegation, which included, in particular, U.S. Congress members. Restoration Projects and Financial Assistance: the Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Special Envoy of the President of France 14 September 2024 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva thanked France for its comprehensive support, particularly in the implementation of reconstruction projects, the provision of financial and humanitarian assistance, as well as the involvement of private investments in the economy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Delegation of the U.S. Congress 14 September 2024 - 21:47 During the meeting, the parties discussed key areas of further U.S. security and defense assistance. We Are Putting Pressure on Russia and Doing Everything to Make the War Felt There, Where It Was Brought to Ukraine from — Address by the President 14 September 2024 - 21:21 Donetsk region, key directions. We are holding our positions, no matter how difficult it is. He also reported on the Kursk region — on our actions and the enemy's reaction. As anticipated, we are defending our fundamental interest — to bring peace closer. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine