10 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 14 Sep 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233247/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-yakisna-psihologichna-dopomoga-maye-zyavitisy-84421 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: High-quality psychological assistance should appear even in rural outpatient clinics 19 July 2023 - 18:40 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with USAID Administrator Samantha Power, visited the Mykhailivka-Rubezhivka outpatient general practice family medicine clinic of the Irpin City Primary Health Care Center. The outpatient clinic was opened in its current format on April 1, 2021. As of today, it employs four doctors, three nurses, orderlies, and technical staff. The facility serves about 3900 people. Since February 28, 2022, the village of Mykhailivka-Rubezhivka has been under occupation. Immediately after the village was liberated, the outpatient clinic resumed its work. The institution has contracts for three packages of medical services from the National Health Service. These are primary care, mobile palliative care, and support and treatment of adults and children with mental disorders. The outpatient clinic's medical staff was trained under the World Health Organization's (WHO) mhGAP program, which is aimed at managing cases of mental and neurological disorders in non-specialized health care facilities. The doctors and nurses learned how to provide care to people with common mental disorders, communicate effectively with patients and their relatives, assess key disorders, treat mild to moderate disorders, and send patients to relevant specialists and services. "The main resource of the country is a healthy and capable person. Previously, mental health services were provided in medical institutions in large cities. But they carried a heavy burden of stigma. It used to be punitive and coercive medicine. We need to change the attitude to mental health and bring the service closer to the consumer. The outpatient clinic we are in now is an example of bringing the service closer. The task of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine is to have an overall high level of such services," the First Lady said. The outpatient clinic team also took part in the USAID project "Building a Sustainable Public Health System". With the Agency's support, the facility created a psychological support room called "I Care About Myself", where individual and group sessions are available in a comfortable environment. As part of the same project, the outpatient clinic staff are taking part in the Healing the Body and Mind training and mentoring program of the Center for Psychosomatic Medicine. This is a program developed by mental health experts at Georgetown University (USA). Its goal is to reduce the impact of psychotraumatic factors, prevent anxiety disorders, and improve the level of psychological comfort of the population. "The residents of the de-occupied Irpin district need psychological support especially. I am glad to visit the outpatient clinic with USAID Administrator Samantha Power so that she can see the results of our cooperation. USAID is one of the main partners of Ukraine in humanitarian issues, in particular the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, which aims to ensure that psychological assistance is freely available in every community, like in Mykhailivka-Rubezhivka," Olena Zelenska said. With the assistance of USAID, the project "Building a Resilient Public Health System" is being implemented in 16 communities in eight regions of Ukraine: Chernihiv, Kyiv, Zhytomyr, Vinnytsia, Odesa, Ternopil, Chernivtsi, and Ivano-Frankivsk regions. The First Lady thanked Samantha Power for cooperation, as well as for USAID's significant and systematic support in many areas of Ukraine's life during the war, from energy to infrastructure restoration and targeted financial support for public sector professionals. The President's wife also proposed a new project of cooperation - an international medical partnership to restore the capacity and capability of the Ukrainian healthcare system to overcome the impact of the war on people's health. "The international medical partnership is also a component of the Third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. I invite you to personally join the Summit. It will be devoted to mental health and should become a platform for a high-quality global discussion between top industry experts and first ladies," Olena Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine