1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053719/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=42 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukrainian civil society is so strong, free and democratic that appearance of a "dragon" in Ukraine is impossible – President 3 September 2021 - 09:03 An authoritarian regime is impossible in Ukraine, because the strong civil society will not let that happen, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a conversation with teachers and the expert environment at Stanford University during his visit to the United States. Asked whether he is afraid to become a "dragon" by killing the "dragon," the head of state said: "As for "killing the dragon," I have been the President of Ukraine for two years. The situation is more complicated with your friends (in Russia), but this is an internal choice of your country. And the Ukrainian civil society is so strong, free and democratic that whoever wants something to do, whatever comes in one's head, it is impossible for a "dragon" to appear in Ukraine. The wings are clipped." Zelenskyy mentioned the film "To Kill a Dragon" directed by Mark Zakharov. He said that Ukrainians and Russians have common periods of history and victory, at the same time, the state policy of the Russian Federation differs from the Ukrainian state policy and it is aimed at taking something, not giving. "We have read the signals from the Russian Federation that Ukraine does not want to end the war. It's weird. We did not start the war. We really like to put an end to it. But we didn't start it," the President said. President of Ukraine met with Apple CEO Tim Cook 2 September 2021 - 23:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the domestic IT sector is now developing rapidly, and the official opening of Apple's office in our country is additional evidence of the prospects of the Ukrainian market. Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered a speech at Stanford University: Ukraine is a country where anything is possible 2 September 2021 - 22:32 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Stanford University (California) and addressed the expert community of this glorious educational institution. President of Ukraine met with representatives of the Ukrainian Caucus in the US Congress 2 September 2021 - 10:05 In Washington, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with members of the Ukrainian Caucus (support group) in the United States Congress. Ukrainian House was opened in Washington with the participation of Volodymyr and Olena Zelenskyy 2 September 2021 - 09:41 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of the Ukrainian House in Washington. Meeting with the President of the United States took place in a productive and constructive atmosphere - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 September 2021 - 08:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that his meeting with President of the United States of America Joseph Biden took place in a productive and constructive atmosphere, both parties are interested in a fruitful dialogue. Joint Statement on the U.S.-Ukraine Strategic Partnership 1 September 2021 - 23:23 The United States and Ukraine are reinvigorating the Strategic Partnership Commission (SPC), reoriented and resourced to meet 21st century challenges. Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with US President Joseph Biden at the White House: security issues are a priority 1 September 2021 - 22:33 During a working visit to the United States of America, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy began a meeting with US President Joseph Biden. The meeting takes place at the White House in Washington. President met with representatives of US business circles 1 September 2021 - 20:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy told American businessmen about Ukraine's Transformation Plan, which aims to attract about $ 300 billion into the Ukrainian economy. The people of Ukraine who survived Babyn Yar cannot have the germs of anti-Semitism and Nazism at the genetic level - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the Holocaust Museum in Washington 1 September 2021 - 20:29 The President noted that he appreciates the cooperation with the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, so he brought digitized copies of 43 Yiddish letters from the Unread Letters 1941 collection from Ukraine. 1 2 ... 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine