5 captures 27 Mar 2023 - 09 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230327212812/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-orlando-blumom-posilennya-zahistu-81829 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:39 In the Dnipropetrovsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Nikopol district, which is constantly under enemy fire 27 March 2023 - 20:36 President met with Director General of the IAEA on the territory of the Dnipro HPP 27 March 2023 - 19:25 President observed the course of elimination of the consequences of the Russian strike at Zaporizhzhia on March 22 27 March 2023 - 19:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Zaporizhzhia and Dnipropetrovsk region 27 March 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with Orlando Bloom the issue of increasing the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children 27 March 2023 - 12:05 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak discussed with British theater and film actor, UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Orlando Bloom assistance in the return of Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia. The meeting was also attended by the UNICEF team led by Head of the Fund's Mission to Ukraine Murat Shahin. Andriy Yermak thanked Orlando Bloom for his continuous long-term support of Ukraine, which is extremely important for our people. He noted that the actor's current visit is another signal to the world of support for Ukraine, which is resisting full-scale Russian aggression. Separately, the Head of the President's Office noted the important mission of Orlando Bloom as a UNICEF ambassador in helping children. "Therefore, we want to discuss with you the issue of protecting Ukrainian children, which is very important for us. I am talking about the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia. We faced a situation where in the 21st century there is no mechanism in the world - no organization - that would know how or be able to overcome this problem," Andriy Yermak said. As the Head of the Office of the President emphasized, this problem covers various cases. First, we are talking about children who were taken from their parents by the Russian occupiers and sent to the territory of Russia under the pretext of recovery. These children are still being held there. "That's why it is necessary to talk about it publicly so that the world knows that thousands of Ukrainian children who have parents, grandparents cannot return home to Ukraine," said Andriy Yermak. The second category of children, according to the Head of the Presidential Office, are those illegally deported by Russia from the occupied Ukrainian territories. The children lost their parents, but have relatives in Ukraine: a grandmother, grandfather, aunt or uncle, which is confirmed by documents. The occupiers do not return children to their relatives, but give them for adoption on the territory of Russia, Andriy Yermak said. The third category of children is the most difficult: young Ukrainians illegally taken to the Russian Federation from orphanages located in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. "President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the team of the Presidential Office are currently working to return our children, including those children who do not have relatives. We can provide them with better living conditions than they have in Russia," noted Andriy Yermak. According to him, the reform of boarding schools is underway in Ukraine, as a result of which a system based on family forms of upbringing will be created and children will grow up in families. Andriy Yermak also informed about the establishment under the patronage of the Office of the President of Ukraine of an international working group with the participation of members of the government and representatives of international institutions, which is constantly working on the issue of the return of illegally deported children. Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk said that the Ukrainian side has so far identified the names of 16,207 children deported to the Russian Federation or Belarus or forcibly relocated to the occupied territories of Ukraine. Almost 200 of them are orphans and children deprived of parental care. At the same time, according to her, there are several hundreds of thousands of such illegally deported children, but it is currently impossible to establish their data, because Ukraine does not have access to the territories temporarily occupied by Russia. "We managed to return 327 children, including 17 a few days ago. And we know what happens to them there. They lose the opportunity to speak Ukrainian - they are forced to speak Russian and study Russian culture. They are also beaten and prevented from communicating with their parents and relatives - they immediately take away children's mobile phones and say that their parents no longer need them," she said. Daria Herasymchuk emphasized that such actions against Ukrainian children have signs of genocide and the International Criminal Court has already issued an arrest warrant for the President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin. Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Daria Zarivna added that such steps by Russia are not accidental - they are part of the strategy that the Russian Federation has been implementing since 2014, when it annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea. "They created a project called The Train of Hope, according to which Russian citizens could come to Crimea by train to illegally adopt Ukrainian children," said Daria Zarivna. As noted by Andriy Yermak, Ukraine calls on UNICEF to intensify its efforts to solve the issue of the return of deported children, in particular by involving its ambassadors around the world. "We are talking about this with the UN, UNICEF, and the structures of the European Union. But we need people-ambassadors, pioneers, who would tell the world about this problem: thousands of Ukrainian children are illegally deported to Russia, and they all need to be returned home, to Ukraine. We would be happy if you help us in this, because children are our future," the Head of the President's Office emphasized. For his part, Orlando Bloom expressed his readiness to tell the world about what is happening to Ukrainian children. At the same time, he emphasized that for greater efficiency, a strategy is needed that will guarantee the rescue of children and their successful return home. The UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador also spoke about his trip to the village of Demydiv in the Kyiv region and meeting a large family. There are nine children in this family, four of whom are adopted. According to the British actor, this family is an excellent example of Ukraine of the future, where orphaned children grow up in families, not in boarding schools. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine