13 captures 31 Dec 2022 - 10 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 31 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221231084231/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-zustrilasya-z-brizhit-makron-u-franciyi-79821 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the new year Ukrainian air defense will become stronger, more effective – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 December 2022 - 19:46 View all videos n latest news In the new year Ukrainian air defense will become stronger, more effective – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 December 2022 - 19:46 Olena Zelenska: The mission of my Foundation is to recover Ukraine through the recovery of every person 30 December 2022 - 18:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presents Golden Heart awards to volunteers 30 December 2022 - 17:47 "Soft power" becomes effective and powerful - Olena Zelenska told how the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen helps Ukraine and changes the world 30 December 2022 - 14:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Verkhovna Rada session to deliver an annual Message to the Parliament on the external and internal situation of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 17:21 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady of Ukraine met with Brigitte Macron in France 13 December 2022 - 13:00 As part of her visit to the French Republic, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held a meeting with First Lady of France Brigitte Macron. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked Brigitte Macron and France for the comprehensive support of our country in resisting the Russian invaders. "I commend the sincerity of French-Ukrainian relations. After all, true friends are those who help in a difficult moment and sincerely rejoice in your victories. Ukraine highly appreciates France's help at all levels - both from state bodies and ordinary citizens. It is seen and felt by all Ukrainians who were forced to stay in France for the period of the war. I especially want to thank you for your personal involvement in sheltering Ukrainian children with cancer, who can now undergo treatment in the best French hospitals," Olena Zelenska addressed Brigitte Macron. The First Ladies planned a joint visit to a school where children of Ukrainian temporary immigrants study. As the President's wife noted, the key goal is to do everything necessary so that Ukrainians outside their homeland can continue to study according to the Ukrainian program. "Paris became the first French city where the official study of the Ukrainian language began in schools. And the French government even created virtual classes for teaching the Ukrainian language. Mrs. Macron spoke enthusiastically about Ukrainian women. During the meeting with Ukrainian women, she felt that they are incredible people with incredible energy," said Olena Zelenska. As expected, the First Ladies will jointly present the Olena Zelenska Foundation in Paris. It was founded on September 22, 2022 and is designed to contribute to the restoration of Ukraine. The Foundation has three areas of activity: healthcare, education and humanitarian aid, within which it will provide targeted assistance, invest in the reconstruction of preschool and school educational institutions, polyclinics, outpatient clinics, as well as in the restoration of their material and technical base. "I created the Foundation so that everyone in the world could participate in the restoration of Ukraine, primarily in providing humanitarian aid, rebuilding hospitals and schools. I think that the French, who have always valued human rights (and the most indisputable of them – the right to life), will not stay aloof here either. After all, human rights have no borders," Olena Zelenska emphasized. She informed that at the presentation a fundraising is planned for the restoration of the main hospital in the city of Izyum, Kharkiv region (Central City Hospital). On the first day of her visit to France, Olena Zelenska also visited the country's National Library, where she saw unique artifacts related to Ukraine, the collection of works by the French artist of Ukrainian origin Sonia Delaunay - the first woman artist whose personal exhibition was held in the Louvre during her lifetime. The President's wife thanked the library management for supporting Ukrainian culture. "On the website of the library there is a special section "Solidarity with the Ukrainian people". Back in May, a comprehensive bibliography on Ukrainian topics was prepared here, which is available online and presented in the reading rooms. For Ukrainians who were forced to leave, there are many opportunities to learn French. The National Library has offered our libraries and cultural institutions access to digital storage for their collections if necessary. And this is only part of the measures to preserve the Ukrainian cultural heritage that have been deployed," said Olena Zelenska. The First Lady handed over books to the institution for the ceremonial opening of the "Ukrainian Bookshelf". "Availing myself of this opportunity, I handed over the 24 volumes of the "Encyclopedia of Modern Ukraine" prepared by Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine - the publication that most fully covers all spheres of our state's existence. I also replenished the Ukrainian bookshelf with classical and historical literature, educational and children's books, publications on art - I thank the Kyiv School of Economics for this selection. It was a meaningful and very fruitful visit to the National Library, which left a firm confidence: cooperation between our cultural institutions will only deepen to mutually enrich our cultures," the President's wife said. Olena Zelenska also held a meeting with UNESCO Director General Audrey Azoulay. The First Lady thanked the organization for its comprehensive support during the war months, in particular for sending 50,000 laptops for distance education to Ukrainian schools. Together with Minister of Culture Oleksandr Tkachenko, Olena Zelenska provided the UNESCO Director General with a list of the needs of Ukrainian cultural institutions in order to endure the winter. The First Lady called on the organization to create a program to help Ukrainian monuments and cultural institutions that suffer from Russian attacks. "We will be grateful for the comprehensive implementation of the appropriate program for the protection and promotion of culture and cultural heritage in Ukraine, including international financial assistance. I welcome the decision to appoint a UNESCO representative in Kyiv. This is an important gesture of solidarity, especially now, during a war. UNESCO monitors the situation with cultural heritage sites through the satellite systems of other UN agencies. This is important for documenting all the crimes of the aggressor," she said. In addition, on the first day of the visit, Olena Zelenska became a guest of the French TV channel BFM TV and answered the questions of the journalists and the audience. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 15 December 2022 - 13:02 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 15 December 2022 - 13:02 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine