5 captures 07 Jun 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230607031425/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos An immediate and maximum global response to Russian terror is needed – address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Russian ecocide caused by the blasting of the Kakhovka HPP 7 June 2023 - 00:05 View all videos pg Photo gallery Communication of the President of Ukraine with media representatives on Journalist's Day 6 June 2023 - 18:33 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President met with representatives of think tanks of Europe and the US 15 September 2022 - 16:08 The Head of State thanked the group of experts for visiting Kyiv during the war, which is another proof of the strong support for Ukraine from the free democratic world. The President noted that thanks to such solidarity, our country has already gained a number of important victories over the occupiers and will be able to completely liberate its territory. We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile – we are capable of that – address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 02:10 I am thankful to all our warriors! I am thankful to everyone who participates in the rescue operations after the Russian strikes. We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile, for each projectile. We are capable of that. During a visit to Strasbourg, Olena Zelenska held meetings with the leadership of the European Commission, the European Parliament and the Council of Europe 14 September 2022 - 23:11 During a visit to Strasbourg, First Lady Olena Zelenska held a meeting with Vice-President of the European Commission for Promoting the European Way of Life Margaritis Schinas and European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety Stella Kyriakides. The President's wife thanked them for their recent visit to Ukraine. Ukraine appreciates Croatia's support for our country's movement towards membership in the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 14 September 2022 - 18:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video conversation with the newly appointed Diplomatic Adviser to the Prime Minister of Croatia Dino Mihanović. President held a meeting on the energy security of the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 18:35 The President emphasized the importance of restoring electricity supply as soon as possible in the territories liberated from the enemy. First Lady of Ukraine arrived in Strasbourg to participate in the announcement of the annual State of the EU Report and met with the President of the European Commission 14 September 2022 - 14:07 Olena Zelenska personally met with the President of the European Commission. The First Lady thanked her for the invitation and solidarity with Ukraine in the fight against the Russian invaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: After the return of Ukraine to Crimea, life will return there as to the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:59 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the residents of all temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine, including Crimea, should know that Ukraine will definitely return there, and with it, a full-fledged life will return. The Head of State said this while talking to journalists in de-occupied Izyum during a working trip to the Kharkiv region. President awarded Ukrainian defenders in the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:35 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Ukrainian servicemen. President took part in the ceremony of raising the State Flag in de-occupied Izyum 14 September 2022 - 13:12 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of raising the State Flag of Ukraine in the city of Izyum, which was liberated by the Ukrainian military from the Russian invaders. Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:10 All Ukrainian pensioners in the liberated territory will receive payments. Ukraine always fulfills its social obligations to people. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine