7 captures 14 May 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240514034459/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/harkiv-strategichne-misto-nam-vazhliva-svoyechasna-dopomoga-90885 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Task is Crystal Clear – to Thwart Russia's Attempt to Expand the War – Address by the President 13 May 2024 - 19:57 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv Is a Strategic City; We Need Timely Assistance from the United States – Andriy Yermak 13 May 2024 - 22:41 Olena Zelenska Met with the President and First Lady of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 22:36 Security Situation and Decentralization: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 22:02 First Lady of Ukraine Participated in the Conference on Mental Health in Serbia 13 May 2024 - 21:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kharkiv Is a Strategic City; We Need Timely Assistance from the United States – Andriy Yermak 13 May 2024 - 22:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Michael Carpenter, Senior Director for Europe at the U.S. National Security Council. Andriy Yermak thanked U.S. President Joseph Biden and his administration for all their efforts to help Ukraine and for the adoption of a $60 billion defense package by the Congress. According to him, Ukraine expects to receive this assistance as soon as possible. The Head of the Presidential Office informed the interlocutor of the situation at the front, the offensive of Russian invaders in the Kharkiv sector and the urgent needs of Ukraine. "Kharkiv is an important strategic city. A large number of people stay there. We have preserved and will preserve it. But now active hostilities are very close, and Ukrainians are concerned about it, so timely assistance is very important," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The parties also discussed the security agreement between Ukraine and the United States. According to the Head of the Presidential Office, it should take into account the real capabilities of the United States and the best elements of the security documents already signed with partners. During the meeting, the parties separately discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit to be held on June 15-16 in Switzerland. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine