25 captures 24 Sep 2023 - 12 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230924154103/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-na-polyah-ga-oon-solidarnist-zalishayetsya-ye-85689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Unity helps us all become stronger, reinforce freedom and move towards victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the Canadian community 23 September 2023 - 14:02 View all videos n latest news Returning to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored Polish volunteers with state awards 23 September 2023 - 18:51 The Olena Zelenska Foundation continues its cooperation with the Temerty Foundation: philanthropists donate $1 million to help Ukrainians 23 September 2023 - 17:58 President of Ukraine had a meeting with President of the Transitional Sovereign Council of Sudan 23 September 2023 - 16:03 Unity helps us all become stronger, reinforce freedom and move towards victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the Canadian community 23 September 2023 - 13:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly: Solidarity remains the only remedy against barbarism and aggression 19 September 2023 - 11:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska began a visit to the United States to attend the 78th session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York City on September 17-21. The 78th session of the UN General Assembly officially opened on September 5. On the first day of the visit, Olena Zelenska took part in a high-level event on the sidelines of the 78th session of the UN General Assembly, "International Equal Pay Day 2023: Standing up for Equal Pay - Celebrating Achievements and Understanding Challenges", where she spoke about the situation with pay for Ukrainian women. “Since the beginning of Russian aggression, our women have lived through everything, felt all the risks and challenges, and have taken on responsibilities in all spheres. It's not just about the refugees who are evacuating children and elderly relatives to safe places. It's also about the doctors because most of them are women. Teachers who continue to teach are mostly women. We have a very powerful volunteer movement, and most of its activists are women as well. There are more and more women in military service, around 60,000, although it is voluntary for them. At the same time, women have become more vulnerable, losing their jobs and businesses. Women used to run most of our small businesses – and they were the first to suffer. Very often, their shops, salons, and firms were burned down along with the cities they were located in,” the President’s wife pointed out. She emphasized that these challenges are compounded by a pay gap - women are paid less than men on the same positions. This trend, which is typical for the whole world, is a problem in Ukraine as well. “To combat this, Ukraine joined the European Biarritz Partnership for Gender Equality. Just a couple of figures. If in 2015, the gender pay gap was 26%, in 2021, we reduced it to 18%,” the First Lady noted. She emphasized that the fight for equal pay continues even during the war. The President's wife discussed the importance of raising this issue with Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir and heard commitments to bridge the gender pay gap by 2030 from UN Women Executive Director Sima Bahous, ILO Director-General Gilbert Houngbo and OECD Deputy Secretary General Ulrik Vestergaard Knudsen during the panel discussion. “The state made a fundamental decision – to develop and improve even during the war. Despite the war. Last Friday, the Ukrainian Government approved the National Strategy for Overcoming the Gender Pay Gap in Ukraine until 2030. Does it look ambitious for a country at war? Yes, it does. We want to turn our trauma into growth. We continue to work towards equality during the war. But an important additional component is victory. So that our women can return from emigration, so that they can work, and earn decent wages in their homeland, so that new businesses can open – we desperately need victory,” Olena Zelenska emphasized. It is not only a legal, but also a moral obligation of the state to give Ukrainian women justice and confidence, she emphasized. According to the First Lady, the Ukrainian delegation has many important meetings planned. In particular, Olena Zelenska will meet with the WHO leadership, take part in the event "Fighting for the Future: Ukrainian Children in War," and in the UNESCO event "Building Peace and Resilience through Culture: The Intersection of Culture, Crisis and Sustainable Development," dedicated to the preservation of Ukrainian cultural monuments. v Videos ph Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 ph Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine