1 capture 19 Mar 2024 Feb MAR Apr 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240319025841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-u-chatham-house-pidpisana-ugoda-mizh-ukrayinoy-64401?fbclid=IwAR1t__gf1zM2Cw78qfyTLka0v0MJs3SzLrNacnURvu4sYAYrn6CRSuXkSZA Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This year we must and will reach the maximum level of Ukrainian defense production throughout the entire period of independence – address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2024 - 19:55 View all videos n latest news This year we must and will reach the maximum level of Ukrainian defense production throughout the entire period of independence – address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2024 - 19:54 President of Ukraine met with U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham 18 March 2024 - 17:38 Olena Zelenska: The history of humanity and the human spirit is being told in Ukrainian already in 82 museums around the world 18 March 2024 - 10:48 Right now, it is the Ukrainian defense in this war that is determining whether Putin will succeed in expanding the zone of ruins in Europe and the world – address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2024 - 19:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards to athletes - winners and medalists of the XX Winter Deaflympics 16 March 2024 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in Chatham House: The Agreement signed between Ukraine and Great Britain is very ambitious and a win-win for both parties 8 October 2020 - 22:05 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak stressed that the Agreement on Political Cooperation, Free Trade and Strategic Partnership signed between Ukraine and the United Kingdom is very ambitious, covers many areas and expands political and economic cooperation. He said this during a speech at the Royal Institute of International Affairs Chatham House. "The signing of this document means that our countries really have common values. We, Ukrainians, are committed to democracy, respect for human rights and international law. We also share an understanding of all global threats: what they are, where they come from and how to deal with them. We understand very clearly and have a desire to be partners in solving global challenges," he said. According to Andriy Yermak, the Agreement allows for synergies between technologies and different sectors of the two economies, such as agriculture and services. "This agreement is much more ambitious in terms of mutual market access than the existing free trade agreements that Ukraine has previously signed. In addition, Britain is already concluding agreements on unimpeded access to industrial products in relations with the EU, we call it "industrial visa-free regime"… And Ukraine is not the last in the list of countries with which such an agreement can be concluded. This is very important," the Head of the President's Office noted. He stressed that the signed agreement is definitely a win-win for both Ukraine and the United Kingdom that will help increase bilateral trade, which currently amounts to about 2 billion pounds. "This agreement will also help the UK address possible issues related to the post-Brexit transition. And for Ukraine, it will provide an opportunity to diversify our export markets. I think that it will also provide opportunities to unleash great trade prospects for both countries," Andriy Yermak said. It is also about stimulating investment, protecting intellectual property and expanding political and economic cooperation. In addition, he said, the agreement will help expand cooperation between countries in the field of trade in services. "Here, Ukraine can offer something valuable to British companies looking for technical and IT expertise. The agreement, we hope, will bring together London as the financial capital of Europe and Ukraine as a very fast-growing IT cluster in Europe,” Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the Office of the President added that the Agreement became a powerful step in the relations between the two countries, although the United Kingdom is a longtime partner of Ukraine and bilateral relations go far beyond this document. Andriy Yermak also focused on military cooperation, which is extremely important given the situation in Ukraine. He recalled the recent strategic joint exercises and expressed confidence in further strengthening cooperation between Ukraine and the United Kingdom in the military and military-technical spheres. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine