11 captures 12 May 2020 - 15 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309085417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-bude-spravedlivo-privyazati-oplatu-praci-uryadovci-59605 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news “Free Sky” artistic action: Kyiv Classic Orchestra will play a concert on Maidan Nezalezhnosti in support of the appeal of the people and the President of Ukraine to world leaders to close the sky 9 March 2022 - 09:38 The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: It will be fair to link the salaries of government officials to the average wage in the country 4 February 2020 - 23:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy endorsed the Government's decision to limit the salaries and bonuses of the heads of executive bodies. During a meeting at the Office of the President involving the representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers and the Verkhovna Rada, Prime Minister of Ukraine Oleksiy Honcharuk informed the Head of State that pursuant to the President's task, the Government had made a decision to regulate the issue of salaries paid to the heads of ministries. “We have agreed that the salary of the minister, deputy minister, and other senior officials will be linked to the average salary in the country. The salaries of ministers and their deputies will be in the range of three to five average salaries. And it is necessary to stop paying 200-400% bonuses - the maximum bonus will not exceed one salary,” the Prime Minister emphasized. Also, according to him, all information about the salaries of the leadership of the Cabinet of Ministers will be published on a monthly basis. "It seems to me very fair that you link the salary to the average wage across the country. If it increases, it will increase for everyone, if it decreases, senior officials will also earn less," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Prime Minister also informed the President that the government had decided to apply to the supervisory board of Naftogaz of Ukraine to refrain from paying big bonuses to the management of this company and consider their reduction. "We are now conducting the necessary consultations with the supervisory board and expect to find a solution in the coming weeks," Oleksiy Honcharuk emphasized. In addition, he said, the work of the government over the last 5 months was analyzed and personnel decisions were made. In particular, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Denys Shmygal to the post of Vice Prime Minister - Minister for Communities and Territories Development. Also, pursuant to the commission of the President of Ukraine, a decision was made to create a Ministry of Temporarily Occupied Territories. "This will allow us to work much more effectively on the issues of reintegration of Donbas and work with people who remained in the occupied territories or moved to the controlled territories becoming temporarily displaced persons," the Prime Minister said. Minister of Culture, Youth and Sports of Ukraine Volodymyr Borodyansky, for his part, noted that work was underway to launch a Ukrainian TV channel broadcasting in the occupied territories. The possibility of strengthening the direction of sport in the said ministry is also being explored, in particular through the creation of an appropriate agency. In addition, the government plans to strengthen the agricultural unit - consultations on this issue are in process. Oleksiy Honcharuk spoke about measures to strengthen cooperation between the Government and the Verkhovna Rada, the necessity of which was also emphasized by the President during a preceding meeting with the Prime Minister. “We have agreed to hold a strategic session with the government and the heads of parliamentary committees in the near future to substantively discuss the country's strategy. The ministers will also present what has been done in 5 months and what is planned for the next year to the relevant parliamentary committees this week,” Oleksiy Honcharuk said. He also said that the Government had prepared a report on its work and was ready to submit it to the Parliament. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine