8 captures 28 Sep 2023 - 20 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230928034419/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-neonatalni-shvidki-dlya-ukrayinskih-likaren-d-85133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our warriors need more means of Russian missiles, combat drones and aircraft destruction – address by the President of Ukraine 27 September 2023 - 22:27 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to actor Mark Strong, who became a United24 ambassador 27 September 2023 - 22:29 Our warriors need more means of Russian missiles, combat drones and aircraft destruction – address by the President of Ukraine 27 September 2023 - 22:25 President received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of Estonia, Slovenia, Hungary and the EU 27 September 2023 - 21:35 President of Ukraine received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of France, Great Britain and Canada 27 September 2023 - 21:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine receives letters of credence from foreign ambassadors 27 September 2023 - 19:45 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Neonatal ambulances for Ukrainian hospitals are an effective result of our negotiations on the margins of the UN General Assembly 23 August 2023 - 21:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the transfer of new neonatal ambulances to medical institutions in the country. 20 vehicles with state-of-the-art neonatal care equipment were delivered to Ukraine by the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) at the request of the President's wife and the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. The vehicles are equipped with specialized equipment to provide emergency care to women in labor and infants on the road. In particular, there are transport incubators, artificial lung ventilation devices for newborns, AccuVein vein visualization devices, resuscitation cases, phototherapy devices for treating newborn jaundice and measuring bilirubin levels, etc. Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, representatives of UNICEF and the Ministry of Health also took part in the solemn transfer of ambulances to medical institutions. Olena Zelenska emphasized the importance of these vehicles for Ukrainian medicine in general and newborn care in particular. "Since the beginning of the Russian invasion, a quarter of a million children have been born in Ukraine. This means that their mothers heard alarms, ran to bomb shelters, and were nervous. Sometimes they didn't have timely access to medicine. Sometimes they gave birth in unusual conditions for women in labor. The number of premature births increased by 10% last year alone, and this is a direct result of the war. Children who were supposed to come into the world in normal conditions are coming into the world in extreme conditions," the First Lady said. The President's wife emphasized that the supply of neonatal ambulances was the result of negotiations on the margins of the UN General Assembly in the autumn of 2022, in particular her meetings with Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund Natalia Kanem and Executive Director of UN Women Sima Bahous. "We need to make sure that every word we say, every commitment we make, becomes a deed, and not just words. Because only deeds save. A person in danger needs an ambulance, not words. So, we are doing everything right," Olena Zelenska is convinced. The vehicles will be delivered to regional children's hospitals and perinatal centers in 16 regions: Vinnytsia, Volyn, Dnipropetrovsk, Zakarpattia, Ivano-Frankivsk, Kyiv, Lviv, Mykolaiv, Odesa, Poltava, Rivne, Sumy, Ternopil, Khmelnytskyi, Cherkasy and Chernivtsi. "We are obliged to give all care and protection to the children who so trustingly came into our lives in such a difficult time, a time of trials. To save their lives despite all the enemy's attempts to take them away. I think this is the most important mission on earth - to save. I am grateful to everyone involved in it," the President's wife said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine