1 capture 03 Aug 2024 Jul AUG Sep 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240803134053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-07-2023&date-to=31-07-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska: When Very Different People Feel Comfortable Together, This Is Called Inclusion 16 July 2024 - 14:20 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited the summer day inclusive camp "Cosmocamp: Space for Everyone." Today, on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, Our Major Achievement Is an Independent Ukraine – the President at the Press Conference 15 July 2024 - 17:05 U.S. assistance, profits from frozen Russian assets, security commitments, the actual opening of EU accession negotiations, and the outcomes of the Peace Summit, NATO Summit, and URC2O24 are the main achievements of Ukraine's team over the past six months. Olena Zelenska: the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen Will Not Only Raise the Issue of Child Safety, But Also Will Find Effective Answers 15 July 2024 - 16:35 The wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, held video conversations with the First Lady of Finland, Suzanne Innes-Stubb, and the First Gentleman of Slovenia, Aleš Musar. Establishing Contacts with the US States, Energy and Security: the President Held a Meeting with the Heads of the Regional Military Administrations 15 July 2024 - 13:18 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Heads of the Regional Military Administrations of Ukraine and listened to each of them report on the operational situation, in particular on fortifications and energy. Our Statehood Is the Achievement of Everyone Who Fights and Works for Ukraine, Unites the World, Learns, Spreads the Truth, and Prepares to Hold Russia Accountable – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 July 2024 - 11:57 On the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood and the Day of the Baptism of Kyivan Rus-Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to representatives of the military and other professions and handed over passports to Ukrainians who had turned 14. The President Took Part in a Prayer Event in the Kyiv Pechersk Lavra on the Occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood and the Day of Baptism of Kyivan Rus-Ukraine 15 July 2024 - 11:04 The holy fathers prayed for victory and a just peace for Ukraine, as well as for protection and blessings for the Ukrainian people and our warriors. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood 15 July 2024 - 09:01 Today, on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, on the Day of the Baptism of Kyivan Rus’-Ukraine, we remember the path that Ukraine has overcome, and we are fully focused on the battle that Ukraine must win. This battle is for our independence. So that this independence can be inherited by future generations. Inherited, not fought for. So that we can give them pride in Ukraine, not its pain. We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:40 There is the Ukrainian Compact, which was endorsed at the NATO Summit in Washington. This is all about weapons for our soldiers, about the work of defense companies in Ukraine and with Ukraine, about support for our recovery – everything is as concrete as possible and truly supports our defense of life. Preparation of the Security Agreement and Return of Ukrainian Children: President of Ukraine Met with the Taoiseach of Ireland 13 July 2024 - 16:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Taoiseach Simon Harris in Shannon. We Need Your Help to Save Lives and Rebuild – Olena Zelenska at the Meeting with American Businessmen and Philanthropists 13 July 2024 - 15:52 During a visit to Salt Lake City, the First Lady met with businessmen and philanthropists, urging them to get involved in Ukraine's recovery. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 187 188 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine