19 captures 16 Nov 2022 - 06 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221116202424/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-hersonshinu-ta-mikolayivshinu-povertayemo-vse-sho-neobhid-79189 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are returning everything to have normal life in Kherson region, Mykolaiv region – address of President of Ukraine 16 November 2022 - 21:48 View all videos n latest news We are returning everything to have normal life in Kherson region, Mykolaiv region – address of President of Ukraine 16 November 2022 - 21:48 Any issues related to end of war in Ukraine should be discussed in public – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 November 2022 - 20:39 Symbol of irreversibility of changes in social relations: Olena Zelenska presents printed "Barrier-free Handbook" in Kyiv 16 November 2022 - 18:39 Head of State meets with Vice President of World Bank 16 November 2022 - 18:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are returning everything to have normal life in Kherson region, Mykolaiv region – address of President of Ukraine 16 November 2022 - 21:48 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! Today was a long and hard day. And now, in the evening, it seems that the events of the morning happened at least yesterday or the day before yesterday... The summit in Indonesia. I took part in today's work of the leaders. Then – another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief, discussion in detail. The situation at the front. Also, the military presented all the available data on the missile hitting the territory of Poland. Everyone responsible for liquidating the consequences of Russian missile strikes on Ukraine reported on the recovery work. Recovery does not stop for a minute. Emergency blackouts and stabilization outages continue in 18 regions and the city of Kyiv. These are millions of consumers. We are doing everything to restore electricity – both generation and supply. Another meeting of the "Ramstein" defense group took place. The key issue is the strengthening of our anti-aircraft and anti-missile defense. I held negotiations with the vice president of the World Bank, who is responsible for our region. We discussed projects for the reconstruction of our infrastructure and social facilities, the work of the Recovery Fund of our country. The total cost of projects discussed today is billions of dollars. This is something that needs to be rebuilt now to guarantee a normal life for people. There were reports on the liberation of the territories of Kherson region – we are doing everything to provide people with electricity, water, communications, financial and social services, and normal medicine as soon as possible. Pharmacies are finally reopening in Kherson, the post office, banks are working. People are getting access to the Internet. There are already 30 humanitarian aid distribution points. Electricity was restored to more than 20 de-occupied settlements in Kherson region. Mykolaiv region is the same. We return everything necessary for a normal life. We are working to restore the water supply to Mykolaiv. Payment of pensions has started in Snihurivka. And I thank everyone who provides recovery. And especially our sappers and rescuers. Thanks to their work everyone else can work safely. Once again, I will repeat to everyone in the de-occupied territory: please be very careful! Russia wants to kill even after fleeing from our land. Therefore, you need to be very careful. If you see anything suspicious, report it to the emergency services and the police. If a building has not yet been checked by sappers, please do not enter it. If a road has not been checked yet, please skip it. Reports and messages from Donetsk region are unchanged. Fierce battles continue at the same points as before. We hold our positions despite dozens of attacks. Of course, there was a lot of international communication. Not everything can be talked about now. We protect the interests of Ukraine, as always. Today is the professional day of thousands of our people who perform one of the most important jobs. And this is not only the work to inform people. The Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers is about those who strengthen democracy at all times. Who integrates society informationally, emotionally and politically. Who unites our interests, our pain and our joys, our hopes and aspirations, our problems. The stronger this sphere is in the country, the stronger the democracy is there. I sincerely congratulate everyone who works in this field – each one. Those who make a telethon and those who work on other information platforms. Presenters, reporters whom we see and hear, studio workers, producers, editorial staff, whom society usually does not see and hear, but without whom this industry simply would not exist. Thank you all for your work for Ukrainians! Today there was a rather long interview. I also held an "off the record" meeting for journalists – specifically for radio and television workers. And the day is not over yet... There is also a meeting of the UN Security Council regarding the new wave of Russian missile terror. We are monitoring statements, working with partners, and defending Ukrainian interests. Of course, one of the main issues at the Security Council meeting is the situation in Poland, the clarification of all the circumstances of how Russian aggression crossed the Polish border. The Ukrainian position is very transparent: we strive to establish all the details, every fact. That is why we need our specialists to join the work of the international investigation and to get access to all the data available to our partners and the site of the explosion. All our information is in full access, we have been giving it to our partners since the night, from those first hours when the world began to find out what happened. I spoke with President Duda last night and expressed my condolences to him – Russian aggression took the lives of two Polish citizens. And I want all of us to honor the memory of all those whose lives were taken by this Russian war with a minute of silence. Citizens of Ukraine, citizens of Poland... v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine