1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030333/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=159 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Aid to Ukraine today is not just a matter of equipment, it is protection against terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the 104th Congress of Mayors and Heads of Municipalities of France 22 November 2022 - 18:50 I urge you to be very specific as well! Specific in help. And to support the protection of our cities and communities against terror. Together we can definitely do it. Olena Zelenska held a meeting with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director for Europe 22 November 2022 - 16:39 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge. The parties discussed, in particular, the course of creation of the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support in Ukraine, which was initiated by the President's wife. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 November 2022 - 12:40 The participants of the meeting listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the troops of strategic directions regarding the situation on the frontline, in particular in the hottest areas of the front. Staff members also considered the issue of providing units of the defense forces with the necessary weapons and equipment. According to the agreements between the first ladies of Ukraine and Türkiye, the Odesa children's home was evacuated to Ankara 22 November 2022 - 12:29 34 fosterlings of Odesa children's home № 3 "Sonechko" along with their accompanying persons and their children (70 people in total) were evacuated to the Turkish city of Ankara the other day, where they will stay until the situation in Ukraine stabilizes. This became possible thanks to the agreements between First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and First Lady of the Republic of Türkiye Emine Erdoğan. We now have a historic opportunity to protect the Ukrainian freedom once and for all - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 November 2022 - 22:10 Thousands of Ukrainian men and women died fighting for our country. We should always remember them. We must always honor their courage and self-sacrifice. A plaque dedicated to philanthropist José Andrés appeared on the Walk of the Brave 21 November 2022 - 17:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented founder of World Central Kitchen charity organization José Andrés a plaque with his name, which was unveiled on the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv. We must remain principled in countering Russian aggression, joint action is true peacekeeping - speech by the President of Ukraine at the annual session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly 21 November 2022 - 16:53 Ukrainians do not just believe - Ukrainians are sure that we can defend ourselves in this war and return the borders of a united Europe to the entire length of our eastern and southern borders. On the occasion of the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops, the President presented state awards to military and civilians 21 November 2022 - 16:31 "Today we mark two holidays united by the bravery and freedom-loving nature of Ukrainians. And today I have an honor to present state awards to those whose bravery really protects the freedom of Ukraine and whose help in the defense of Ukraine is really worthy of mention in the history textbooks of our country," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine in the Mariyinsky Palace. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the fallen participants of the Revolution of Dignity 21 November 2022 - 11:12 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with his wife Olena honored the memory of the activists perished during the Revolution of Dignity. Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Dignity and Freedom 21 November 2022 - 09:01 Everyone saw what kind of people we have! Willing to give the last. Willing to stand to the last. They did not lose dignity. Bravery. Faith in themselves. And they united. In order not to lose freedom. Not to lose independence. Not to lose Ukraine. 1 2 ... 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine