17 captures 08 Dec 2023 - 18 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231208002132/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-konferenciyi-oboronnih-industrij-u-vashingtoni-ukrayina-t-87561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am grateful to every Ukrainian family that understands the challenges of war and temperature and uses electricity sparingly - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 December 2023 - 21:04 View all videos n latest news I am grateful to every Ukrainian family that understands the challenges of war and temperature and uses electricity sparingly - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 December 2023 - 21:04 Olena Zelenska: Together we must find justice and a path to home and safety for our children 7 December 2023 - 20:16 President took part in the ceremony of lighting Hanukkah candles 7 December 2023 - 18:14 Ukraine and the United States signed a Memorandum on Co-Production and Technical Data Exchange at the Defense Industrial Base Conference in Washington, DC 7 December 2023 - 13:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the ceremony of lighting Hanukkah candles 7 December 2023 - 17:34 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ukraine and the United States signed a Memorandum on Co-Production and Technical Data Exchange at the Defense Industrial Base Conference in Washington, DC 7 December 2023 - 13:44 During the USA – Ukraine Defense Industrial Base Conference in Washington, the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry for Strategic Industries of Ukraine signed a Memorandum of Cooperation with the U.S. Department of Defense on co-production and technical data exchange. The document stipulates that Ukraine will receive the capabilities necessary for success on the battlefield in the short term, and in the long term will contribute to economic recovery and strengthening of defense capabilities. The Memorandum sets localization of the defense industry in Ukraine as one of the main priorities. In particular, the document will facilitate the building of production facilities in our country to provide the Armed Forces with the necessary weapons, in particular in the areas of air defense, production of critical munitions, and repair and sustainment. The U.S. Department of Defense and industrial partners will provide Ukraine with technical data to start local implementation of individual projects aimed at sustaining legacy air defense systems by integrating Western munitions. The parallel production of these systems in Ukraine and the United States will speed up their fielding and help our country maintain its air defense system in a combat-ready state. In addition, during the conference, the United States announced the establishment of the Ukraine Deal Team, an interagency group consisting of representatives of the U.S. Department of State, Department of Defense, and Department of Commerce. The interagency team will support partners in developing recommendations on potential deals and export requirements for Ukraine's defense industry. The USA - Ukraine Defense Industrial Base Conference organized by the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry for Strategic Industries of Ukraine with the support of the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Commerce took place in Washington, D.C., on December 5-6. The purpose of the conference was to bolster cooperation between the defense industries of Ukraine and the United States. The event was attended by about 350 American, Ukrainian and European industrialists and government officials. The conference participants focused on a significant increase in arms production to support our country's fight against Russian aggression and to strengthen our country's defense in the long term. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine