9 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 07 Feb 2026 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204155754/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and we will go a difficult path to victory - President in Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:48 Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and despite the hard battles and the high price of victory, our state will go this difficult path. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Kherson. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in hoisting the State Flag of Ukraine in liberated Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:21 During a working trip to the de-occupied Kherson, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of hoisting the State Flag on the central square of the city. All of us already feel the approach of our victory - address by the President 13 November 2022 - 21:24 All of us already feel the approach of our victory. Because we preserve our unity and know that we are rightfully on our land. Defense forces win back control in more than 60 settlements of Kherson region – address of President of Ukraine 12 November 2022 - 20:05 People did not even think of refusing Ukraine. And the world sees it now. It sees what it means when Ukrainians meet their own people. It sees what the unity of Ukrainians means. And it sees why we should liberate our entire land from the invaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered a video message on the implementation of the EU Solidarity Lanes Initiative 11 November 2022 - 21:58 In his address, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the entire united Europe for the constant support that Ukraine has been receiving since the first hours of the Russian invasion. Today is a historic day, we are regaining Kherson - address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2022 - 19:49 Ukraine will come to all its people. Due to our strength on the battlefield and in diplomacy, we will restore the territorial integrity of our state. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania 11 November 2022 - 17:01 The Head of State thanked the Republic of Lithuania for consistent political, financial, humanitarian support and defense assistance to our country since the first days of the full-scale war with Russia. Ukraine is creating the world's first naval drone fleet: it will be funded through United24 11 November 2022 - 15:33 United24 fundraising platform initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy launched a fundraising campaign for a fleet of naval drones. Its main task is to protect the water area of Ukrainian seas and peaceful cities from cruise missiles launched by Russian troops from ships. The fleet will also help unblock the corridor for civilian ships transporting grain for the whole world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings to US Veterans 11 November 2022 - 15:17 On behalf of all Ukrainians, Happy Veterans Day and thank you for your service! President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 11 November 2022 - 13:43 The reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and the commanders of the operational directions regarding the situation on the frontline were heard. The members of the Staff paid special attention to the events in the southern direction of the front. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine