11 captures 01 Apr 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230401170948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovne-slovo-sogodni-spravedlivist-dlya-nashoyi-derzhavi-ta-82001 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 View all videos n latest news No occupier, starting with the leadership of the Russian Federation, will escape liability – Andriy Yermak 1 April 2023 - 15:58 Exhibition of Russian war crimes opens in New York on Bucha liberation anniversary 1 April 2023 - 14:15 The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 Diplomatic relations with Russia are possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from Ukraine's territory, with the participation of partner states – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 March 2023 - 22:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 Dear Ukrainians! The main word today is justice. Justice is for our state, for all our people who lost relatives, loved ones, lost health, home, and normal life due to Russian aggression, due to the terror of the occupier. Our special events took place in Bucha, on the anniversary of the city's liberation, and in Kyiv. The summit and negotiations, the second United for Justice conference... All this is to speed up, to do more energetic global work for the tribunal over Russian aggression, for the sake of new International Criminal Court warrants to arrest Russian war criminals, for the sake of legal and fair sentences that all Russian murderers and executioners must receive. And they will receive them. One hundred percent. We will ensure it. We will find formats, we will find tools. I thank everyone who helps us with this. To every state, every leader, and every international organization. Today, representatives of almost fifty countries participated in our first Bucha Summit. And this is just the beginning. Thanks to the leaders of Slovenia, Slovakia, Croatia, and Moldova who visited Ukraine today, and who personally supported Bucha – they honored the memory of all those who died in the city during the Russian occupation. And, of course, I thank our soldiers. Everyone who is fighting for Ukraine now. Everyone who has fought for Ukraine since 2014. Everyone whose lives literally give life to Ukraine. Ukrainians will endure this war. We will free our land and all our people from Russian captivity. And there will be a day when the world will hear that justice has been restored for Ukraine. There will be a new Nuremberg – against the ruscists. Glory to all Ukrainian heroes! Glory to our strong people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine