7 captures 07 Mar 2022 - 17 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220307134848/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lyudstvo-povinno-staviti-vimogu-teroristam-ne-navpaki-adzhe-73389 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:12 View all videos n latest news The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the people through the Global Citizen platform to promote the decision to protect the Ukrainian sky from Russian attacks, civilians from bombing, and Ukrainian cities from destruction. "The world must react firmly and, most importantly, quickly. The world must stop Russia's authorities. Stop Russia. It must stop rocket attacks and daily bombings," the Head of State stressed in his address. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the whole world knows what terrorism, hostage-taking, and plane bombing are, but now the world community is facing a much larger manifestation of terrorism. "Now you see something worse - not an individual terror anymore, not some marginal terrorist organization. You see a terrorist state. A state, which deliberately destroys the cities of Ukraine with cruise missiles, air bombs and artillery. A state that allows itself to fire from tanks at nuclear power plants. No other terrorist has done this before," the President said. The Head of State expressed his conviction: if Western politicians are afraid to make an important decision to close the sky over Ukraine for Russian aviation, they must provide us with means of protection in the sky. "Give us, Ukrainians, planes that we can use to protect us, our children, our friends, our parents, our cities, our memory, our architecture. Give Ukraine air defense to ensure that no nuclear power plant is blown up and that Ukraine and the whole of Europe are not destroyed," he urged. In order for everyone to understand the importance of making such a decision, Volodymyr Zelenskyy suggested imagining a situation in which hospitals, schools, other civilian institutions and residential neighborhoods anywhere in the world are subjected to such devastating attacks and bombing. "What would you do if terrorists completely destroyed them with missiles, missile strikes, air bombs? As it happens in our country, in Ukraine. In our Kharkiv, Chernihiv, Mariupol, Odesa and other cities?” the President asked, noting that today it happens every day in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the public around the world to join the rallies in support of aid to Ukraine and the adoption of a decision that would save our country. "We know that ordinary civilians around the world hear us, understand us much better than any politician. Politicians always lag behind people. So please speak up! Talk about Ukraine, take to the squares of your cities, support us, show your strong position, show your support for Ukraine!” he said. The Head of State also stressed that by helping Ukraine, the world also helps and protects itself, because terrorists and terrorism know no boundaries. "You can't just tolerate terrorists killing. You can't make all the concessions. It is impossible. These are terrorists. We must help the victims of terror, we must help ourselves, because you know - terror knows no borders, there are no borders for terrorists. And terror is always looking for new victims," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. He called on citizens around the world to unite and be strong. "Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around. Ukraine must have the right to its own protection, protection of its own life. With your help in our sky. Or with the planes that you have, but they are on the ground. And for us they will be the salvation. Salvation in the sky, so that life remains on our land. We must choose life right now,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. Global Citizen is a social action platform aimed at solving global problems, including overcoming world poverty through collective efforts. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine