1 capture 18 Jun 2022 May JUN Jul 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220618014822/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=07-03-2021&date-to=07-03-2022&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We managed to liberate Ukrainian paramedic Yulia “Tayra” Payevska from captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 17 June 2022 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 17 June 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Every day of resistance creates better conditions for Ukraine in the negotiations to guarantee our future in peace - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 23:42 In the south of our country, such a national movement has unfolded, such a powerful manifestation of Ukrainianness that we have never seen in the streets and squares there. And for Russia it is like a nightmare. Ukrainian and Russian delegations clarified details of functioning of humanitarian corridors - Mykhailo Podoliak 7 March 2022 - 20:53 "We have received some positive results in terms of logistics of humanitarian corridors. They will be amended, and we will receive more effective assistance to people who are currently suffering from the aggression of the Russian Federation," he said. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Ronald Reagan Freedom Award 7 March 2022 - 20:41 Frederick Ryan stressed that this high award honors the leadership of the President of Ukraine and the steadfastness of millions of Ukrainians who defend their right to choose their own future and inspire the entire civilized world to fight for the values of freedom and democracy to which Ronald Reagan dedicated his life. A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The Office of the President of Ukraine together with UNICEF and the Ministry of Social Policy have created a bot "Child is not alone" to help minors in difficult situations in wartime. The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 Peaceful people of a belligerent state! We have been defending ourselves against the invasion for 12 days already. We never wanted this war. But it was brought to us. We never dreamed of killing. But we have to knock out the enemy. From our land and from our lives. The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 We will not forgive the destroyed houses. We will not forgive the missile that our air defense shot down over Okhmatdyt today. And more than five hundred other such missiles that hit our land. We will not forgive the shooting of unarmed people. Destruction of our infrastructure. Hundreds and hundreds of victims. Thousands and thousands of sufferings. And God will not forgive. Not today. Not tomorrow. Never. And instead of Forgiveness, there will be a Day of Judgment. Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the people through the Global Citizen platform to promote the decision to protect the Ukrainian sky from Russian attacks, civilians from bombing, and Ukrainian cities from destruction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 “If you do not do that, if you at least do not give us aircraft for us to be able to protect ourselves, there can be only one conclusion: You also want us to be slowly killed. This is also the responsibility of the world's politicians, Western leaders,” the Head of State added. President: Special funds are being formed for the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 6 March 2022 - 13:18 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular, the Fund for the Restoration of Destroyed Property and Infrastructure, the Fund for Economic Recovery and Transformation, the Public Debt Service and Repayment Fund and the Small and Medium Business Support Fund are being established. Ukraine receives support from partners backed by concrete steps - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 March 2022 - 12:22 We have already gained our future. But we are still fighting for our present. It is very important. We are fighting for where the border will be. Between life and slavery. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine