5 captures 02 Aug 2021 - 07 Dec 2024 Oct NOV Dec 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231130195631/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-pyat-tisyach-pedagogiv-projshli-kurs-karantin-onlajn-60289 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 First Lady of Ukraine is included in the list of the 25 most influential women in the world according to the Financial Times 30 November 2023 - 16:07 President of Ukraine and Rishi Sunak discussed priority areas of defense cooperation 30 November 2023 - 14:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 30 November 2023 - 13:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Almost 5 thousand educators completed the “Quarantine: Online Services for Teachers” course in 24 hours 24 March 2020 - 17:23 In the framework of the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the digital transformation of the state, the “Quarantine: Online Services for Teachers” course was developed in 72 hours. The online course contains six videos. More than six thousand educators have already signed up in a day. Nearly five thousand have completed the course and received electronic certificates. "Coronavirus quarantine is a challenge for all educators. Teachers, together with parents and children, found themselves in a stressful situation without clear algorithms of actions and instructions. They are also on their own with the key question - how to organize the process of distance learning. We make every Ukrainian able to study online. It is useful and interesting,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The online course is available on Diia platform. Digital education. Prior to the creation of the course, the Ministry of Digital Transformation of Ukraine received feedback from Ukrainians on how distance education of their children is taking place. The survey showed that a number of schools and educators were able to organize the process in a system-based manner, while most schools were not ready for rapid digital transformation. “The uniqueness of our project is in the innovative format of the educational series. These are not classic online courses. We use the principles of seriality: there is dialogue, humor, engagement of viewers, improvisation, discreteness,” Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov noted. The educational series outlines the algorithms and communication of teachers and students during the period of distance learning, as well as a set of services and specifics of their use for teachers, including: Google Classroom, Microsoft Teams, Cisco Webex, Zoom, Class Dojo, Classtime, Viber and more. “Quarantine is an opportunity for self-education. Visit Diia portal. Digital education, watch exciting educational series featuring stars of Ukrainian show business, leading Ukrainian experts and educators. Combine the useful with the pleasant,” Deputy Minister of Digital Transformation for European Integration Valeriya Ionan said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine