1 capture 30 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220430002359/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/polsha-zacikavlena-u-vhodzhenni-na-ukrayinskij-rinok-azs-vol-74665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Lend-Lease and other programs in support of Ukraine prove that freedom is still able to defend itself against tyranny - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 April 2022 - 22:10 View all videos n latest news Lend-Lease and other programs in support of Ukraine prove that freedom is still able to defend itself against tyranny - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 April 2022 - 22:03 Ukraine is grateful to Poland and its people for the strong support during the difficult times of the war - President 29 April 2022 - 21:55 Poland is interested in entering the Ukrainian gas station market - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 April 2022 - 21:14 President presented awards to the military and family members of the fallen defenders who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 29 April 2022 - 18:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 29 April 2022 - 17:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Poland is interested in entering the Ukrainian gas station market - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 April 2022 - 21:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that he had discussed with Polish President Andrzej Duda the entry of Polish companies into the Ukrainian fuel market. He said this in an interview with Polish media. "We are having a conversation with Poland - the Polish company came to us, met with our "Naftogaz" and the Minister of Energy. They really want to enter our market of gas station business. We have a large open network. I think they will enter," the Head of State said. According to him, this issue was discussed with the President of Poland. It was also discussed by the Prime Ministers of the two countries. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Ukraine has recently joined the European energy network ENTSO-E under an accelerated procedure. This happened despite the war thanks to the successful work of Ukrainian specialists. The President noted that this year our state has passed the examination - disconnected from the Russian and Belarusian energy systems for some time and was to join the EU energy system next year, but it happened in 2022. "We had to show the European Union that we were ready. And we were ready. This probationary period - so it happened - has become permanent, we have joined these networks. Yes, it will help Ukraine a lot," the President said. He thanked President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and President of the European Council Charles Michel for their support on this path. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Ukraine, for its part, will also help European countries in supplying energy. "Our nuclear generation is very large. We will be able to sell electricity at normal prices, and not do artificially for other countries to earn something," he said, adding that Ukraine's accession to the European market will lead to lower electricity prices, which will benefit consumers. At the same time, according to the President, there are a number of technical issues that are difficult to resolve quickly in the face of armed aggression by Russia. The President also said that he addressed IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi during his visit to Kyiv regarding assistance in unblocking the Zaporizhzhia NPP from the Russian occupiers. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine