1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033145/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=88 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We are opening a new level of interaction between communities of Ukraine and communities of partner states - speech by Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the International Summit of Cities and Regions in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 16:54 The Ukrainian system, like any normal European system, is completely opposite to the Russian model. Our strength lies in our people. We consider Jens Stoltenberg's visit to Kyiv a sign that NATO is ready to start a new chapter in relations with Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations in the capital 20 April 2023 - 14:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who arrived in our country on a visit. At the state level, everything is being done to increase the ability to defend against Russian strikes - address by the President of Ukraine 19 April 2023 - 23:47 Air defense systems and other weapons to protect the sky are already here in Ukraine, they are really powerful. But they should be - and, I am sure, will be - even more powerful. Olena Zelenska visited a medical facility in the Kyiv region, where a course on the application of the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health was presented 19 April 2023 - 21:02 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with Minister of Health Viktor Liashko and Advisor - President's Commissioner for Barrier-Free Issues Tetiana Lomakina, visited the communal non-commercial enterprise of the Bila Tserkva City Council "Bila Tserkva City Hospital No. 2" in the Kyiv region, where the "Basic Principles of ICF Application" course was presented for multidisciplinary medical teams. President held a meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the Volyn region 19 April 2023 - 15:09 During the meeting, reports were heard on the situation in the area of responsibility of the “Volyn” operational group of troops and the readiness of military units to perform tasks, as well as on measures to reinforce the state border within the Volyn region. President observed the arrangement of the state border of Ukraine in Volyn 19 April 2023 - 14:47 During a working trip to the Volyn region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the border area where the borders of three states are adjacent: Ukraine, the Republic of Poland, and the Republic of Belarus. Daria Herasymchuk met with experts of the human dimension mechanism of the OSCE, which will focus on the issue of the deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation 18 April 2023 - 23:29 Daria Herasymchuk noted that Ukraine strives to completely stop the forced deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation and insists on their safe return to their homeland and reunification with their families in accordance with the interests of the child and international law. It is inspiring and encouraging to see our Ukrainian resolve and know that there will be victory - address by the President of Ukraine 18 April 2023 - 22:15 And honor to each of our warriors, to all Ukrainian men and women, who have been restraining and gradually destroying this Russian evil for 419 days and 9 years already. President held a meeting on the security and socio-economic situation in the Poltava region 18 April 2023 - 21:59 During a working trip to the Poltava region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the security, socio-economic and socio-political situation in the region. In the Poltava region, the President paid a visit to the wounded servicemen in the hospital and presented awards 18 April 2023 - 21:50 The President talked to the warriors and presented them with state awards. For the personal courage and selfless actions shown in the defense of the state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, the defenders were awarded medals "For Military Service to Ukraine". 1 2 ... 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine