7 captures 21 Jul 2021 - 17 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-bezpeka-v-chornomorskomu-regioni-maye-stati-priori-69633 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Security in the Black Sea Region should become a priority of the world community, and the Crimean Platform can be an important tool for this 19 July 2021 - 21:08 An important topic of negotiations between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu and President of the European Council Charles Michel was security. "Today, Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova continue to defend their sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity. They oppose external aggression and hybrid attacks," the Ukrainian President stressed in a statement to the media. That is why, he said, he started his visit to Georgia by visiting the occupation line. "It not only divides Georgia and temporarily occupied Abkhazia. It distances people in the occupied territories from a normal, safe and dignified future. It must be acknowledged that the war has no nationality, no geographical feature. The pain I saw today is almost identical to what I see every month when I visit the touch line in Ukraine. Our friends from Moldova also know firsthand what annexation, occupation, war and the line of delimitation are,” he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that everything possible should be done to make these lines disappear forever in the lands of the three countries. "Today we have paid considerable attention to the development of security and defense cooperation in the Black Sea Region. The return of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov under the international maritime law and the restoration of navigation safety must be a priority for the world community. The Ukrainian Crimean Platform initiative can become an important tool for achieving this goal,” he said. The President added that he would be glad to welcome the leaders present at its inaugural summit, which will take place in Kyiv on August 23. The President also thanked for the release of two Ukrainian citizens - yachtsmen Yuri Khomych and Volodymyr Dyachenko. "I am glad that today we are returning to Ukraine not only with good results of the summit, but also with good news at the human level. Namely, we are coming back with two of our Ukrainian citizens who were detained. I would like to thank Mrs. President Salome Zourabichvili for her assistance in this matter," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Georgia 19 July 2021 - 12:44 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Georgia 19 July 2021 - 12:44 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine