1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233414/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=176 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 In addition to fighting the Russian aggressor on the battlefield, Ukraine is forced to quickly overcome the challenges associated with eliminating the aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities to ensure the normal life of peaceful citizens. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko when delivering a speech online at the Ukraine Reconstruction and Recovery Conference, which is ongoing in The Hague. Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak meets with European Commissioner Janez Lenarčič 19 October 2022 - 20:48 Yermak thanked Lenarčič for his visit to Ukraine in this tense period, when our country has been under massive attacks by missiles and drones from the Russian Federation. He said that Ukrainians have been living like this for eight months. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Foreign Minister of Greece 19 October 2022 - 19:28 The head of state discussed with the head of the ministry of foreign affairs of Greece key issues of bilateral cooperation: strengthening support for Ukraine and sanctions pressure on Russia, as well as ensuring a tough consolidated response of the international community to the crimes of the Russian aggressor against our state. Andriy Yermak discusses strengthening Ukraine's air defense with representatives of embassies of France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain 19 October 2022 - 18:01 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak has called on France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, which are among the leaders in providing Ukraine with weapons and military equipment, to step up actions to strengthen our country's air defense. He said this at a briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of these countries in the Office of the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting devoted to energy supply security 19 October 2022 - 16:15 A strategic meeting on security at energy supply facilities chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took place. Oleksandr Usyk joined the United24 fundraising platform 18 October 2022 - 23:05 Undisputed cruiserweight world boxing champion, heavyweight world champion Oleksandr Usyk became the ambassador of the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will focus on supporting the "Reconstruction of Ukraine" direction. This was announced during the athlete's online conversation with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Roman Mashovets informed the Estonian Foreign Ministry delegation about the current situation in the Russian-Ukrainian war 18 October 2022 - 22:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia led by Director General of the Foreign Ministry's Department for Eastern Europe and Central Asia Marge Mardisalu-Kahar and Ambassador of Estonia to Ukraine Kaimo Kuusk. No matter what the enemy plans and does, Ukraine will defend itself - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2022 - 22:16 I am grateful to all friends of Ukraine! I am grateful to everyone who fights and works for our victory! No matter what the enemy plans and does, our perspective is clear: Ukraine will defend itself. Second session in children rehabilitation camp Gen.Camp under patronage of Olena Zelenska starts 18 October 2022 - 16:07 Under the patronage of First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska the second session in the children rehabilitation camp Gen.Camp will start. Young Ukrainians who left without parents, survived the occupation, witnessed murders during the Russian aggression are getting help there. During the previous session, 30 children underwent psychological rehabilitation in Spain. Andriy Yermak: Unfortunately, we did not see the willingness of the ICRC to do everything possible to protect Ukrainian prisoners 18 October 2022 - 15:55 The shocking scale of war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocidal crimes committed by the Russian Federation against Ukrainian prisoners of war require at least a clear position and determination from all organizations that take care of compliance with the norms and requirements of international humanitarian law. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak based on the results of the Ukrainian delegation's trip to the touch line in the Zaporizhzhia region. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine