4 captures 25 May 2023 - 25 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230525122257/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nadijnij-zvyazok-zyednuye-ukrayinciv-daye-nashim-voyinam-i-u-83145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The first Ukrainian F-16 will be one of the strongest signals from the world that Russia will only lose - address by the President of Ukraine 24 May 2023 - 21:58 View all videos n latest news Reliable communication connects Ukrainians and enables our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 13:26 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Anders Fogh Rasmussen 25 May 2023 - 11:39 Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam 25 May 2023 - 11:37 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a video call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 May 2023 - 11:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Reliable communication connects Ukrainians and enables our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 13:26 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events dedicated to the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine. The Head of State congratulated all communications specialists on their professional holiday and thanked them for their daily important work for the country and people. “Today, it is important, first of all, to thank you. Each and every person who provides reliable communications for our people, Ukraine, our defense – all Ukrainians. Those who protect communication lines, restore damaged communications, and protect the cyberspace of our country. All this literally connects Ukrainians, allows our soldiers, Ukraine to be effective in defense, and our people to simply understand what is happening and to hear and see their loved ones,” the Head of State noted at the festivities. The attendees honored the memory of the fallen SSSCIP employees and all Ukrainians whose lives were taken by the Russian aggressor during this brutal war with a moment of silence. The President also noted the important work of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection in protecting Ukrainian cyberspace. "The work of the special communications service is complex. And it is not only communication as such. I remember your work in the first days of the full-scale invasion, aimed at preventing the enemy from affecting our cyberspace in any way. I understand for sure that you are doing everything possible in the field of electronic intelligence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State also praised the project to create an army of drones. "The goal of a drone army is really ambitious. I want to thank you for your comprehensive work. And I want to wish you only victory. I think this is the most important thing," he said. The President also wished health to the families and friends of the communications specialists. On the occasion of the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards: medals "For Impeccable Service" of the III degree, "For Military Service to Ukraine" and "To the Defender of the Homeland". In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with modern digital means, in particular, those designed to provide secure communication for the highest state officials in field command centers, a mobile radio monitoring complex, components of the electronic warfare system and system of countering high-precision weapons. The Head of State also observed the technical characteristics of strike and reconnaissance unmanned aerial vehicles, the vast majority of which are of domestic production. Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard a report from Yuriy Shchyhol, Head of the SSSCIP, on the prospects for the development of the service. v Videos ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine