10 captures 28 Apr 2023 - 08 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230428060306/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-valerij-zaluzhnij-proveli-telefonnu-rozmovu-82513 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will keep working for the return of all deported Ukrainian children and for the punishment of Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 21:56 View all videos n latest news We will keep working for the return of all deported Ukrainian children and for the punishment of Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 21:51 Andriy Yermak discussed with advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Romania the issue of security guarantees for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 20:29 Olena Zelenska spoke at the PACE debate on the resolution on Ukrainian children forcibly displaced by Russia 27 April 2023 - 19:57 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 27 April 2023 - 12:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zhytomyr region and the meeting with the Prime Minister of Estonia 24 April 2023 - 16:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 27 April 2023 - 12:14 As part of the ongoing dialogue with the allies, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the U.S. President Jake Sullivan and U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley. The American side was briefed on the current situation on the battlefield, possible enemy actions, and measures taken by the Ukrainian security and defense forces to liberate Ukrainian lands. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny emphasized the importance of continuing active support of the Ukrainian army by partners, including the supply of weapons and ammunition. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to the team of President Joseph Biden, both houses of the U.S. Congress and the American people for their strong support and leadership in repelling Russian aggression and protecting freedom and democratic values in Europe. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine