6 captures 31 May 2019 - 11 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220701202812/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cina-pitannya-duzhe-velika-bezpeka-j-dobrobut-nashih-lyudej-55697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos European integration of Ukraine is a guarantee of a free and prosperous life for all generations of our people - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 1 July 2022 - 11:53 View all videos n latest news The whole world understands that it is Ukraine who is implementing the main reform in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 21:11 Ukraine will have its own security model, and these must be clear, legally verified guarantees - Andriy Yermak 1 July 2022 - 20:44 Head of State met with the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 20:19 Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen held the first meeting of the Group on International Security Guarantees for Ukraine 1 July 2022 - 19:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 17:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The stakes are extremely high - the safety and welfare of our people - President during a meeting on energy security 31 May 2019 - 16:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with members of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine concerning energy security. The Head of State reminded that he had visited the Lisova mine in Lviv region yesterday, where two miners had been killed and expressed condolences to the relatives of the victims. "Two years ago, 8 miners were killed at the Stepova mine. Recently, 17 miners were killed at the Skhidkarbon mine near Luhansk. These are all our people. Problems in the coal industry have common roots wherever they arise," the President said. The Head of State said that during the last week he had visited two places, where Ukrainians are being killed. "Bullets and shells kill on the frontline. And irresponsibility, mismanagement and corruption kill in the rear," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Today, the issues of energy sphere were discussed in the format of the meeting, and in two weeks, appropriate decisions will be made. “The stakes are extremely high - the safety and welfare of our people,” the President noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that during 2014-2018, coal production by state enterprises of Ukraine had decreased by 47%. The Ukrainian economy is critically dependent on the import of energy resources, and very little has been done to obtain them from different sources. "Despite rosy statements, gas production does not increase. Tomorrow is summer, but winter is coming. And we should prepare for the heating season," the President said. The Head of State reminded that one of Ukraine's commitments to the European Union was the reform of the energy sector with the demonopolization of energy markets being the key issue. Starting from July 1, the next stage of the electricity market should start. "However, in conditions of total monopolization, there may be risks for producers, for consumers and for the Ukrainian economy as a whole. The international partners warn us against that," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. ph Meeting with members of the National Security and Defense Council on energy security 31 May 2019 - 16:57 ph Meeting with members of the National Security and Defense Council on energy security 31 May 2019 - 16:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine