5 captures 21 Nov 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241121052518/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-sankcijna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-proponuye-novi-d-94485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, on the 1,001st Day of a Full-Scale War, Russia Is Just as Insane as It Was on the 1,000th Day And on February 24 – Address By the President 20 November 2024 - 20:13 View all videos n latest news The Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with EU Diplomats on Sanctions Policy against the Russian Federation 20 November 2024 - 21:53 We Expect a Substantial Contribution from the Nordic Countries to Support Ukrainian Arms Production Next Year – Ihor Zhovkva 20 November 2024 - 21:21 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Anna Bjerde Discussed Further Cooperation Between Ukraine and the World Bank 20 November 2024 - 20:41 Today, on the 1,001st Day of a Full-Scale War, Russia Is Just as Insane as It Was on the 1,000th Day And on February 24 – Address By the President 20 November 2024 - 20:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Meets with the Prime Minister of Denmark in Kyiv 19 November 2024 - 17:27 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak-McFaul International Sanctions Group Proposes New Effective Steps to Strengthen Energy Sanctions 18 November 2024 - 19:48 The Yermak-McFaul International Sanctions Group has released a new working paper titled “Next Steps on Energy Sanctions: Tools for Increasing Pressure on Russia in 2025.” The document analyzes the results of sanctions imposed on Russian energy exports and offers recommendations for further intensifying sanctions pressure. Experts emphasize the need to strengthen enforcement of the price cap on Russian oil and to include more vessels from the "shadow fleet" in sanctions lists. "We see that the existing sanctions against Russia’s energy sector are insufficient. Revenues from the sale of Russian oil and gas continue to be used by the aggressor state to fund the war. We need stricter restrictions and more effective control over their observance," Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak said. The paper also examines the potential impact of lowering the price cap on Russian oil. According to calculations, reducing the cap by $10 per barrel would result in a $17 billion annual loss in Russian export revenues. Additionally, it underscores the need for the EU to completely abandon imports of Russian oil, natural gas, and petroleum products made from Russian crude that enter EU states via third countries. Equally important, according to the experts, is the introduction of sanctions against Rosatom, which would enable Europe and the United States to finally eliminate dependence on Russian nuclear fuel. "The plan proposed by the International Sanctions Group is comprehensive, clear, and effective. Our goal is to ensure the adoption and implementation of these proposals by as many countries as possible. This is what we work on every day with our partners," Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Sanctions Policy Vladyslav Vlasiuk concluded. Working Group Paper «The Path Forward on Energy Sanctions A Toolkit to Step Up Pressure on Russia in 2025» - pdf - 927.48 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine