7 captures 14 Dec 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214202702/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-komisarom-yes-z-pitan-oboroni-ta-95029 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos n latest news Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:37 Many Countries and People around the World Are Supporting Ukraine Not Only with Their Sympathy, but also with Their Active Assistance – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Libelle 14 December 2024 - 14:02 Andriy Yermak Met with the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space 14 December 2024 - 09:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Evika Siliņa Discussed the Possibility of Training and Equipping Brigades by Ukraine's Allies 13 December 2024 - 22:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Met with the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space 14 December 2024 - 09:11 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with European Union Commissioner for Defense and Space Andrius Kubilius, who was appointed to this newly created position in the European Commission on December 1. The Commissioner was accompanied by Katarína Mathernová, Ambassador of the European Union to Ukraine, Simonas Šatūnas, Head of Cabinet of the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space, and Ramūnas Stanionis, Member of Cabinet of the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space. The Ukrainian side was also represented at the meeting by Dariia Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz, Advisors to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. “We know you well and we are thankful for everything you have done and continue to do for Ukraine. I am sure that in this position you will keep supporting our country until the end of this war. And also, on our way to becoming a full-fledged member of the EU,” Andriy Yermak emphasized. He added that a clear and defined European policy to support Ukraine and ensure collective security is one of the key factors in achieving a just peace. During the meeting, the parties discussed the situation on the battlefield, the priority needs of the Ukrainian Defense Forces, and the strengthening of Ukraine's air defense. The Head of the Presidential Office spoke about his recent meetings with representatives of the current and future U.S. Presidential Administrations. Andriy Yermak emphasized that fruitful cooperation between European countries and the United States is crucial now, especially in supporting Ukraine in its struggle against Russian aggression. “I believe that we have every chance to end this war with a just peace,” the Head of the Presidential Office said. In addition, Andriy Yermak and Andrius Kubilius discussed effective ways to counter Russian propaganda. After all, it affects, among other things, the perception of Russia's aggressive war against Ukraine in Europe and the world. The European Commissioner noted that Ukraine is defending not only itself but the entire European continent. “We all want peace to come as soon as possible. But, of course, we are looking for ways to achieve peace through strength,” Andrius Kubilius stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine