1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309040644/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Joint Statement by Boris Johnson, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom of the Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine 1 February 2022 - 20:01 The United Kingdom stands shoulder to shoulder with Ukraine in the face of ongoing Russian aggression, which threatens regional peace and security and undermines the global order. The two leaders emphasised that it is the right of every Ukrainian to determine their own future. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of Romania 1 February 2022 - 18:41 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Romania Klaus Iohannis. In Kyiv, the President of Ukraine started a meeting with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 1 February 2022 - 17:21 Ukrainian-British talks will also be chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson. Diplomatic support for Ukraine since 2014 is the greatest, unconditional and ongoing - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 February 2022 - 11:51 Today, diplomatic support for Ukraine and the amount of military-technical assistance provided by partners are the largest since 2014. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the opening ceremony of the seventh session of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation. President at the opening of the seventh session of the Verkhovna Rada: We need the unity of all, always and in everything 1 February 2022 - 11:13 At a solemn sitting on the occasion of the opening of the seventh session of the Verkhovna Rada of the ninth convocation, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed representatives of the three branches of government and society with a call for unity for the sake of the future of our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Executive Vice President of the European Commission discussed the priority areas of cooperation and the security situation around Ukraine 31 January 2022 - 21:01 The President thanked for the financial support to Ukraine from the European Union, in particular for the new macro-financial assistance program worth 1.2 billion euros. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the decision to allocate this aid was a timely signal for the financial markets, which already helps maintain the stability of the Ukrainian economy. President at a conference call: Citizens need to be constantly reminded at various levels about the expediency of vaccination against COVID-19 31 January 2022 - 13:56 Given the growing incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine, it is important to continue an active campaign to vaccinate the population, as vaccinated citizens have a milder course of the disease. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a conference call on combating the spread of coronavirus. Every year on the Day of Remembrance of the Heroes of Kruty the best cadets will receive a monetary award from the President of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2022 - 13:36 On the Day of Remembrance of the Heroes of Kruty, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Ivan Bohun Kyiv Military Lyceum and met with cadets and lyceum students of military educational institutions of Ukraine. President honored the memory of the Heroes of Kruty 29 January 2022 - 11:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of honoring the Heroes of Kruty. The Head of State laid flowers at the memorial cross to the Heroes of Kruty at Askold's Grave in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Emmanuel Macron 29 January 2022 - 00:04 The heads of state welcomed the intensification of the Normandy format and the holding of a meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four on January 26 in Paris. It was emphasized that for the first time since 2019, a document has been agreed following the negotiations. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine