4 captures 28 Mar 2023 - 20 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230328185936/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-ta-darya-gerasimchuk-obgovorili-z-predstavnikam-81873 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I held an away meeting of the Staff - in Dnipro, a strategic city in the center of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 March 2023 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news Ihor Zhovkva: Start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU is an investment in the secure future of Europe 28 March 2023 - 20:12 President held a coordination meeting regarding the security situation, reinforcement and protection of the state border in the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 16:44 In the Sumy region, the President checked the readiness of border units to take action to protect the state border 28 March 2023 - 16:18 In the Sumy region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of Trostyanets from the Russian invaders 28 March 2023 - 15:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva and Daria Herasymchuk discussed with representatives of foreign embassies the rescue of Ukrainian children deported by Russia 28 March 2023 - 10:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a meeting with representatives of foreign embassies, where they discussed the problem of Ukrainian children deported and forcibly relocated by Russia. The meeting participants exchanged opinions on possible joint actions aimed at rescuing children abducted by the occupiers. Separately, the interlocutors focused on the need to inform the world community that every child in the world is in danger, as the Russian Federation does not intend to limit its aggression to the territory of Ukraine. The parties stressed the importance of fair punishment of all criminals who ruined the destinies of abducted Ukrainian children. "Only by joint efforts will we be able to save the Ukrainian children kidnapped by Russia, prove the content of the crimes committed by the Russian military against the Ukrainian people, and punish the criminals," said Daria Herasymchuk. Ihor Zhovkva noted that at this time neither the International Committee of the Red Cross nor any other influential international organization or institution has met the expectations of the world regarding the rescue of Ukrainian children. "Together we must develop not only mechanisms and scenarios for saving Ukrainian children today, but also methods and means, scenarios and meaningful solutions that the world will be able to use tomorrow in case children need protection or rescue, support or help," he emphasized. At the end of the meeting, the guests received symbolic Motanka dolls, dedicated to Ukrainian children who were deported. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine