5 captures 22 Feb 2023 - 14 Sep 2025 Feb MAR Apr 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230316123437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/agresor-zavzhdi-maye-progravati-i-kozhna-derzhava-u-sviti-po-81065 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:49 View all videos n latest news Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:45 President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The aggressor must always lose, every state in the world must have the right to independence and respect – address of Ukraine's President to participants of 44th Regular Meeting of Conference of Government Heads of Caribbean Community 17 February 2023 - 19:09 Dear Prime Minister Davis, dear colleagues! Each and everyone in the Caribbean Community who loves peace and enjoys living in line with the law! I am honored to address your community of states for the first time. It is a special mission – to thank you for your support of Ukraine and the international order. An order that is vital for everyone in the world – both for the largest and the smallest ones. Because all in the world are equal and deserve to live with dignity and independence. Ladies and Gentlemen! The modern world is always on the edge – between the force and the law. The force – like in the old days of inhuman invaders. And the law – to maintain freedom and security for everyone. Whatever part of the world you take, anywhere it is noticeable. This confrontation, this brink that defines destinies of nations. Ukraine values the power of law. Just like you. And we defend ourselves from those who believe in nothing else but brutal force. This is the meaning of the war that’s happening now, now and here – in Europe. But the war here is affecting not only our region. All-in-all, this is a war in which the world will cross that line between the force and the law. Ukraine is fighting to make the law prevail. The UN Charter – to prevail. The international conventions and treaties – to be effective. So that everyone in the world has guarantees – guarantees that no crime of aggression will be committed against him. Ladies and Gentlemen! As of this day, about eighteen percent of Ukraine's territory is occupied by Russia. One hundred and nine thousand forty-five square kilometers. Is normal life possible there, on that part of our land? No, it is not. Human life is worthless there. This is what Russia has brought to our land with its occupation. Russia's domination means no human rights but the rule of militarized gangs. When Russia comes, it means that repressions and murder come. If the Russian flag appears, it means that torture chambers and total looting will appear. And when we finally manage to liberate the land from Russian forces, we see a humanitarian disaster area where everything has to be rebuilt. One hundred and nine thousand forty-five square kilometers of human rights violations, looting, humiliation, and death. Death. This is the reason why we are fighting so hard to drive Russia out of our land. This is the reason why we are trying so hard to restore the power of international law. This is the reason why it was Ukraine, who proposed the Peace Formula, that can end this war and restore everything destroyed by the Russian aggression. Our Formula covers all aspects of damages: from damage to international law – to environmental harm. Russia is not just burning down cities, killing people and stealing property. Russia is destroying the environment. Russia is shelling chemical plants. Its aggression brings about destruction and flooding of coal mines. Mines and hostilities in the Black Sea resulted in death of tens of thousands of living creatures. All these damages are to be fixed by our Peace Formula. And I know that Russian propaganda – and in your region in particular – draws a completely different picture of what is happening on our land and in Europe. But I warn you that if Russia, God forbid, is successful in any way, the balance in the world will change. Not in favor of law. But in favor of violence. The aggressor must always lose. The law must always prevail. The truth must always spread throughout the world. And every state in the world – big or small – should have the right to its independence and to the respect of all others for this independence. These are the principles of Ukraine. These – I know, are your principles. I thank you for being on the side of the law. I thank you for your efforts to bring stability to your region and the world. But real stability is possible only when we all together protect the world from state thuggery. So I encourage you to further cooperation! Next week we will present at the UN General Assembly a resolution on a comprehensive, just and sustainable peace in Ukraine, and hence the restoration of the full force of the international rules-based order. Your votes matter! I have presented the Peace Formula and your leadership can help to implement it. And of course, I invite you all to visit Ukraine. Peace is a value that must be cared-for together! Thank you for your attention! And I wish you a lasting peace! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine