7 captures 29 Sep 2023 - 14 Sep 2025 Jun JUL Aug 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240720211839/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-margot-valstrem-proveli-druge-zasidannya-miz-85661 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today We Managed to Free Another 95 of Our People from Russian Captivity – Address by the President 17 July 2024 - 20:17 View all videos n latest news Cooperation with the Regions and Restoration of Energy Infrastructure: the Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda 20 July 2024 - 12:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Phone Conversation with Donald Trump 20 July 2024 - 01:35 The Event of the School Meals Coalition, which Unites More Than 100 Countries, Was Held for the First Time in Ukraine 19 July 2024 - 16:52 Situation on the Battlefield and Lifting Restrictions on the Use of Western Weapons: President Addressed the UK Government 19 July 2024 - 14:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, Margot Wallström held the second meeting of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group 16 September 2023 - 10:15 The second meeting of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group was co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former Deputy Prime Minister, former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sweden Margot Wallström. The meeting was also attended by video links by: President of Ireland in 1990-1997 Mary Robinson, European Commissioner for Environment, Oceans and Fisheries Virginijus Sinkevičius, Professor, CEO of the European Climate Foundation Laurence Tubiana, Minister of Environment and Climate Change of Brazil in 2010-2016 Isabella Teixeira, Vice-President of the European Parliament Heidi Hautala, and a member of the Swedish Parliament, Rebecka Le Moine. From the Ukrainian side, Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources Ruslan Strilets, Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin, advisors to the head of the President's Office Daria Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz participated. Opening the meeting, Andriy Yermak said that the ongoing Russian aggression continually increases the number of crimes against the Ukrainian environment, making the effectiveness of the activities of this international work group extremely important. The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that environmental protection, like other aspects of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, requires a shared vision and efforts. "The environmental direction aims at developing and implementing a comprehensive plan for Ukraine's environmental recovery from the consequences of the war. The appropriate mechanisms that will be developed for Ukraine and applied should be universal and effectively prevent crimes against the environment in the world, be reflected in the relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly and other documents of the international law system," he is convinced. As Margot Wallström said, what is happening in Ukraine today is important for the entire world. "We must have a strong response to the war against the environment and support all efforts to hold those responsible for these crimes accountable," she is convinced. Margot Wallström presented the framework document of the international work group, which defines three priorities of its work: the most complete assessment of the damage caused to the environment, the search for the best strategy for determining and ensuring responsibility and compensation for these crimes, and recommendations for Ukraine's post-war transition to a green economy. Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin said that Ukraine is investigating 14 cases of ecocide committed during Russia's aggressive war against our country. A total of 252 war crimes resulted in environmental damage have already been recorded. On June 6, on the day of the intentional blowing up of the Kakhovka HPP by the Russian occupiers, an investigation into war crimes and ecocide was launched. Kostin emphasized that Ukraine has become the first country to make efforts to prosecute environmental war crimes and ecocide. According to Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine Ruslan Strilets, today, about 700,000 hectares of Ukrainian forests are located in the occupied territories or in the combat zone, 2.4 million hectares of forests are in the liberated territories. These forests need restoration. 20% of the protected territories of Ukraine were affected by the war. Currently, 10 national parks, eight natural and two biosphere reserves are under Russian occupation. Strilets said that the mission of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) has prepared a project to assess the environmental impact of the destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam, and the development of an environmental restoration program is expected. Ukraine has planted hundreds of hectares of the Kakhovka Reservoir's bottom with annual plants to protect against dust storms and the spread of alien species. To restore natural ecosystems, the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Green Country program to plant 1 billion trees continues. In particular, over 112 million forest seedlings were planted in the spring, and at least 90 million trees are planned to be planted this autumn. Following the meeting, a framework document of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group was adopted. It states that the group will devote the coming year to utilizing expert knowledge in all of the aforementioned areas to advance recommendations that will help Ukraine move toward a green future, protect its environment, and achieve due justice for the damage inflicted. Framework Document: High-Level Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of the War in Ukraine - pdf - 60.28 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine