4 captures 24 Feb 2022 - 05 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071723/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-pro-rezultati-zustrichi-z-kanclerom-nimechchi-69497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President on the results of the meeting with the German Chancellor: Ukraine's partners understand that Nord Stream 2 is not a purely economic project 13 July 2021 - 13:51 During a more than four-hour meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed security issues in Ukraine and Europe, including a peaceful settlement in Donbas and the risks of Nord Stream 2. The Head of State told this in an interview to journalists in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Humanitarian Policy" in Kyiv. The President noted that he was satisfied with the meeting with Angela Merkel. "I am glad that we managed to have a common understanding after the meeting that I came to address security issues. Every issue, starting with Donbas and ending with the issue of Nord Stream 2, is a part of maintaining security in Europe, and for us, first of all, it is security in Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State noted that there are different views on the implementation of Nord Stream 2, but Ukraine was able to give Germany many arguments about the risks of this project. Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded that Angela Merkel and US President Joe Biden would meet soon. "They will discuss what Nord Stream 2 will bring to Europe and to Ukraine separately. How to guarantee energy security for the citizens of Ukraine, so that we do not lose from this "stream” if it is completed and put into operation," he said. According to the President, it is very important that Ukraine's partners understand that Nord Stream 2 is not a purely economic project. "For us, it's not just the words “energy security”. First, we receive $ 2 billion a year for transit. Big money," the President said, adding that these funds are used, in particular, to support the army, to ensure Ukraine's energy efficiency - to reduce gas use, improve energy infrastructure and more. According to the President, it will take about 10-15 years to switch to renewable energy. "We must be sure that we will have a normal gas supply. We need these guarantees," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. In addition, the issue of gas supply to the occupied territories is important. The Head of State noted that Ukraine is making every effort to hold the next meeting of the leaders of the Normandy format, but it is delayed due to Russia's position. "Everyone sees that the Normandy meeting is postponed today. Because the clusters on the practical implementation of the Minsk process developed by the German party are agreed by France, and we support them as well - they were submitted to the Russian party. And everyone sees that the Normandy meeting is postponed due to the position of the Russian Federation," the President explained. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Humanitarian Policy" 13 July 2021 - 12:24 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Humanitarian Policy" 13 July 2021 - 12:24 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine