9 captures 23 Aug 2021 - 24 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072313/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ivan-marchuk-yurij-ribchinskij-oleg-blohin-sofiya-rotaru-mir-70261 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ivan Marchuk, Yuriy Rybchinsky, Oleg Blokhin, Sofia Rotaru, Myroslav Skoryk - Ukraine got the first national legends 23 August 2021 - 08:30 For the first time, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the National Legend of Ukraine award to prominent personalities. The ceremony, which took place at the Mariyinsky Palace, was also attended by First Lady Olena Zelenska. The Head of State noted that he was proud to present the awards to the contemporaries who had become legends. "We consider all of you true legends of our country. Living legends. The fullest and most important meaning is that the living legends are in front of us. I am grateful that I’ve seen your work, the result of your work in culture, sports, art since childhood. That's why we want to congratulate you," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the President, Ukrainian streets and avenues should be named in honor of talented modern figures who "live next to us, walk among us." "How many more ingenious poems would Taras Shevchenko have written, how many more unique buildings would Horodecki have created, how many more champions would Lobanovskyi have brought up if they had been inspired by a daily walk along the boulevard, a street named after them," the President said. He stressed that the applause a person hears, the flowers a person sees, and the award a person can come on the stage for and deliver a speech he or she may have prepared since childhood are valuable. "In the end, it is important to simply understand: my homeland sees me, knows me, appreciates me. Unfortunately, for a long time we had a different situation… We strive to change that forever. And we are taking the first step today. I initiated a new state award - "National Legend of Ukraine". Every year we will present it to our prominent fellow citizens who have reached the top results in the field of culture, sports, science. Today, the first awards were given to seven outstanding Ukrainians. Seven big names. Seven national legends," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Then the President introduced each of the laureates. This year the award "National Legend of Ukraine" was received by: singer, People's Artist of Ukraine and Hero of Ukraine Sofia Yevdokymenko-Rotaru; poet-singer, playwright, screenwriter, People's Artist and Hero of Ukraine Yuriy Rybchinsky; General Director - Artistic Director of the National Honored Academic Dance Ensemble of Ukraine named after Pavlo Virsky, People's Artist and Hero of Ukraine Mykhailo Vantukh; painter, People's Artist of Ukraine Ivan Marchuk; ballet dancer, choreographer, People's Artist of Ukraine Olena Potapova; Honored Master of Sports, Honored Coach of Ukraine Oleh Blokhin. The President posthumously awarded composer, People's Artist and Hero of Ukraine Myroslav Skoryk and presented the award to his wife Adriana Yaroslavivna. "Looking ahead, I want to say: someone has not seen today his favorite poetess, actress, musician, athlete. This does not mean that we do not consider them legends - it means that Ukraine has hundreds of legends. All of them will be honored by Ukraine. This award will take place annually. And every year, just like this year, on my own behalf and on behalf of our state, I will bow and say "thank you". To each of you," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. ph President presented the "National Legend of Ukraine" award to prominent Ukrainians 22 August 2021 - 20:37 ph President presented the "National Legend of Ukraine" award to prominent Ukrainians 22 August 2021 - 20:37 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine