2 captures 17 Jan 2021 - 25 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220325034219/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bud-yaka-reorganizaciya-maye-buti-docilnoyu-ta-pokrashuvati-64801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:13 View all videos n latest news If Russia had known what it would face in Ukraine, it would have definitely been afraid to come here - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 01:11 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:03 President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Any reorganization should be expedient and improve conditions for employees - President on changes in the Donetsk railway 23 October 2020 - 13:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the reorganization of the regional branch “Donetsk Railway” of JSC Ukrzaliznytsia should be expedient and improve conditions for employees. He stated this during a visit to the regional diagnostic center with a consultative polyclinic in Slovyansk as part of a working trip to the Donetsk region after talking with Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy. Deputy Head of the Donetsk Regional State Administration Denys Klyushnykov addressed the President with a request to reconsider the decision of the railway workers to affiliate the Donetsk branch with the Southern Railway regional branch. "There are a lot of IDPs working at the Donetsk railway. It performs an important social function, bears a huge social burden. And any reorganization should be expedient and improve the conditions of employees," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In addition, according to him, the volume of traffic of the Donetsk Railway significantly exceeds the volume of traffic provided by the Kharkiv branch. "Mr. President, we will negotiate with Head of Ukrzaliznytsia Volodymyr Zhmak to prevent such changes, and the Donetsk Railway depot will remain under their control," Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy said, noting that any optimization will be carried out in compliance with the rights of employees. "Changes in the structure, restructuring of the locomotive industry and changes in the subordination of structural units, including depots, should be logical and based on economic feasibility," the minister added. ph Working trip to Donbas 22 October 2020 - 21:15 ph Working trip to Donbas 22 October 2020 - 21:15 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine