4 captures 22 Jul 2022 - 08 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220722112732/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nas-hochut-znishiti-yak-narod-ale-mi-obyednuyemos-i-boremosy-76609 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We have a significant potential for the advance of our forces on the front and for the infliction of significant losses on the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 22:22 View all videos n latest news They want to destroy us as a nation, but we unite and fight for our lives - Olena Zelenska in an interview with El Pais 22 July 2022 - 12:31 We have a significant potential for the advance of our forces on the front and for the infliction of significant losses on the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 22:25 Ukraine seeks to bring the political and military leadership of the Russian Federation to justice for the crime of aggression - the Office of the President spoke about the project of the international court 21 July 2022 - 18:36 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had another phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 21 July 2022 - 18:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife They want to destroy us as a nation, but we unite and fight for our lives - Olena Zelenska in an interview with El Pais 22 July 2022 - 12:31 The wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to one of the most influential media of the Spanish-speaking world – El Pais. The First Lady appeared on the covers of two versions of it at once: the daily newspaper and the Sunday weekly El Pais Semanal, where her extensive interview about the terror inflicted by Russia in Ukraine and the recovery after it was published. "They just want to destroy us as a nation. Russians do not like the very fact of our existence, our love of freedom, our resistance. They would like us to be their vassals. We want to have a future in which we can exist as a nation and be free. This is an overt terror that they arrange so that no one feels safe anywhere. They sow fear so that we do not dare raise our heads. But the Russians get the opposite reaction: we unite and despite everything resist and fight for our lives,” she said. The journalist noted that, while working in Ukraine, he actually hears stories about losses from every person and is shocked by the incredible suffering of Ukrainians. Answering a question about whether such psychological injuries can be cured, Olena Zelenska informed about the implementation of the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support, which she initiated. "I am working with the First Ladies of the United States and Israel, whose countries have experience in post-traumatic treatment for families affected by war. With Israel, we have already conducted online training for a hundred psychologists, another 25 specialists are undergoing training directly in Israel to then return to Ukraine and spread their experience among colleagues. We are in the epicenter of the war, but we have to start fighting its consequences already now," the First Lady emphasized. The President's wife thanked the international community for helping Ukraine and noted: "We want to know that the world sees: our struggle is fair. I want to thank everyone for their support during these terrible months. There is no war that doesn’t affect others - it could have happened to you, too." Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine