9 captures 08 Dec 2021 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070918/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/istorichna-blizkist-narodiv-ukrayini-j-horvatiyi-ye-zaporuko-71921 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The historical closeness of the peoples of Ukraine and Croatia is the key to successful relations between our states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 December 2021 - 16:35 Ukraine and Croatia have significant untapped potential, and a foundation for new Ukrainian-Croatian business projects will be laid these days. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following a meeting with Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković. The Head of the Ukrainian state noted the symbolism of the date of the meeting, as in December 30 years ago Croatia recognized the independence of Ukraine, and Ukraine was one of the first to recognize the independence of Croatia. "First of all, thank you for your continued support for Ukraine, our sovereignty and territorial integrity. I am especially grateful to the Prime Minister for his participation in the founding summit of the Crimea Platform, for his excellent speech and words of solidarity with Ukraine and our people expressed in Ukrainian language," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the President, today during the meeting considerable attention was paid to the deepening of trade and economic cooperation between Ukraine and Croatia, which has significant untapped potential. "I am confident that these days the foundation for new and successful Ukrainian-Croatian future business projects will be laid," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that representatives of several dozen Croatian companies will take part in the Ukrainian-Croatian business forum, which will take place as part of the visit of the Croatian Prime Minister. The President thanked Andrej Plenković for the initiative to open a tourist office in Ukraine. "This will undoubtedly contribute to the mutual growth of tourist flows," he said. The President of Ukraine thanked the Prime Minister of Croatia for the meaningful meeting. "I am convinced that the historical closeness of our peoples is the key to a successful today and a successful tomorrow in relations between our countries - between Ukraine and Croatia," he said. For his part, Andrej Plenković stressed that Ukraine and Croatia have great potential for the development of trade and economic cooperation. According to him, the issue of increasing the investment volume will be discussed during the Ukrainian-Croatian business forum. "Thus, relations between Ukraine and Croatia could reach a higher level," said the Prime Minister. Andrej Plenković noted that the opening of a Croatian tourist office in Ukraine will be another step in promoting the country among Ukrainians and will strengthen bilateral cooperation. The Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia stressed the importance of opening a Croatian Language Center at the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. He noted that the activities of the Center will promote wider acquaintance of young Ukrainians with Croatian culture. Andrej Plenković invited Volodymyr Zelenskyy to visit Croatia at his convenience. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Croatia 8 December 2021 - 15:01 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Croatia 8 December 2021 - 15:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine