3 captures 12 Nov 2024 - 19 Jun 2025 Oct NOV Dec 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241112185252/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-novi-rishennya-zaradi-nashoyi-sili-j-zaradi-zahistu-91885?fbclid=IwZXh0bgNhZW0CMTAAAR2DE13V_bVedSHR3NVEw43pQjhJUSFs9WWZXVXamJtMa4Vje5zwFDZqSms_aem_hP7BeGjKI5xRCM2zQJBOjQ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Є рішення для багатьох наших воїнів, які хочуть перевестись в інший підрозділ у ЗСУ – звернення Президента 12 November 2024 - 19:42 View all videos n latest news We Have a Solution for Many of Our Warriors Who Want to Transfer to Another Unit within the AFU – Address by the President 12 November 2024 - 19:40 Ukraine and Slovenia Discussed the Peace Formula Implementation and Unity of the EU Countries in Support of Ukraine 12 November 2024 - 19:07 The First European Regional School Meals Summit Is Held in Kyiv 12 November 2024 - 16:02 Estonia Announced New Military Aid Package for Ukraine 11 November 2024 - 20:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy Received Letters of Credence from Foreign Ambassadors 12 November 2024 - 19:55 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Are Preparing New Decisions to Strengthen Ourselves and Protect Our People – the Address by the President 29 June 2024 - 16:51 Dear Ukrainians! We have been working for a very long time to free from Russian captivity Nariman Dzhelyal, Deputy Chairman of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people, two priests of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church, and civilians who were captured by Russians in the occupied territories back in 2017 and 2018. Finally, our people are at home. Ten civilians. This week, 90 servicemen were also released from captivity, and in total, during this war, 3,310 people were brought back to Ukraine from Russian captivity. And we have to find and bring back to Ukraine all of our people, everyone who is in captivity or deported – adults and children, military and civilians. All of them. I am grateful to our team that deals with the exchanges. Yermak, Budanov, Maliuk, Lubinets, Klymenko – thank you. I thank the United Arab Emirates and the Holy See for mediating the releases that took place this week. We continue working. Today I met with Nariman Dzhelyal, and we have already discussed what we will do next – both for our victory and the liberation of our entire land, and for the support of the Crimean Tatar people. Today, I also attended the National Prayer Breakfast and personally congratulated the priests released from captivity, Bohdan Heleta and Ivan Levitsky. I also thanked all the representatives of churches and religious communities for supporting our people, our communities, for helping our state in this extremely difficult time of war. May all prayers for peace for Ukraine and for our Ukrainian victory be answered. And one more thing. Dnipro. Work is still underway at the site of the Russian missile strike on the apartment building. The rubble is being cleared. So far, one person has been reported dead – my condolences to the family and friends. Twelve people were injured. Everyone is being provided with the necessary assistance. The fate of several people remains unknown. All efforts are being made to clarify all the circumstances, all the details. And of course, Russia will be held accountable for this terror against Ukraine. We are preparing new decisions to strengthen ourselves and protect our people. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to everyone who works for Ukraine, who fights for Ukraine. We will definitely ensure peace. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine