1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041648/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe 9 May 2022 - 19:11 The President noted the rapid and effective response of the Council of Europe to Russia's aggression against Ukraine. Obtaining Ukraine's EU membership candidate status is of great importance for the Ukrainian people - President during a conversation with Ursula von der Leyen 9 May 2022 - 15:46 During the conversation, the President announced the transfer of the second part of the completed questionnaire to obtain the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. President of Ukraine discussed with the President of the European Council support for Ukraine during the war 9 May 2022 - 15:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with President of the European Council Charles Michel who visited Odesa. The meeting was also attended by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. The people of Ukraine and Canada stand side by side in the struggle for freedom against Russian tyranny - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following a meeting with Justin Trudeau in Kyiv 8 May 2022 - 22:48 "I am grateful to your team, I am grateful to each and everyone who is here with us today in words, in deeds and in personal presence. Together with us at such a difficult time," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, addressing Justin Trudeau. Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with Justin Trudeau took part in a video conference of G7 leaders 8 May 2022 - 21:50 The G7 leaders agreed on a special summit declaration, which fixed the historical solidarity of the participating countries and their readiness to work together until security and observance of international law for Ukraine and the whole of Europe are restored. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the Storting of Norway 8 May 2022 - 17:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Norwegian Storting Masud Gharahkhani who paid a visit to Ukraine. Head of State met with the President of the German Bundestag 8 May 2022 - 15:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Germany for supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state. The President stressed that Ukraine expects from Germany a strong and confident leadership in helping our country in the fight against the Russian aggressor. Ukraine is interested in exchanging experience with EU and NATO countries in the field of modern armaments and technologies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 May 2022 - 14:34 Ukraine would like to receive from the Allies not only samples of Soviet weapons, but also modern military equipment, weapons and technology. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives. President of Ukraine discussed with the Prime Minister of Croatia the strengthening of sanctions, cooperation in the security, energy and European integration spheres 8 May 2022 - 14:17 "Croatia is a principled member of our anti-war coalition. Together we defend the right not only of our citizens, not only of the citizens of Ukraine, but also of every European nation to an independent and democratic life. Together, we are defending the future of a united Europe and are doing everything we can to restore the power of international law," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President held a meeting on fuel supply and execution of the state budget 7 May 2022 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy chaired a meeting on topical issues of the executive branch. It was attended by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and his deputies, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal and members of the government. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine