8 captures 24 Nov 2020 - 06 May 2025 Jun JUL Aug 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220704221132/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-pozachergovomu-zasidanni-uryadu-za-uchasti-prezidenta-uhv-64901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:16 View all videos n latest news The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:13 At the conference in Lugano, Olena Zelenska announced the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 4 July 2022 - 21:30 Transparency and trust should be the main principle of using the funds directed to the reconstruction of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at the conference in Lugano 4 July 2022 - 21:25 Joint statement of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden Magdalena Andersson 4 July 2022 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden in Kyiv 4 July 2022 - 19:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events At an extraordinary government meeting with the participation of the President, a decision was made to unblock the work of the NACP 29 October 2020 - 20:26 An extraordinary urgent meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers was held with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, at which an order was adopted that will allow unblocking the activities of the National Agency on Corruption Prevention (NACP). An urgent meeting of the government was held in the Office of the Head of State to implement the decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal stressed the need to discuss the response to new threats and challenges to national security. "We are talking about the threat to anticorruption reform and ensuring the full operation of anticorruption bodies," he said. The Prime Minister reminded that Volodymyr Zelenskyy had returned to the legislation the norm on criminal liability for illicit enrichment, which was abolished by the Constitutional Court on February 26, 2019. "This confirmed that the President's team acts transparently and is fully committed to eradicate corruption in Ukraine," Denys Shmyhal said. The Prime Minister stressed that the decision of the Constitutional Court adopted on October 27 jeopardized electronic declaration. "The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine pursuant to the initiative of the President of Ukraine approves the decision, which will be a step towards the resumption of full-fledged work of the register of declarations. Tomorrow every Ukrainian will be able to see the declarations of officials and politicians," Denys Shmyhal noted. The order "Some Issues of the National Agency on Corruption Prevention" which was considered and approved by government officials will unblock the activities of NACP. According to the document, in order to ensure proper implementation of the Law on Prevention of Corruption, the National Agency on Corruption Prevention must provide open round-the-clock access on its official website to the public part of the Unified State Register of Declarations of Persons Authorized to Perform State or Local Government Functions. The NACP must also ensure special inspections in accordance with the requirements of the Law of Ukraine on Prevention of Corruption. State bodies, local self-government bodies must ensure access of the National Agency to information and telecommunication and reference systems, registers, data banks, in particular those containing information with restricted access, which they hold. They must also provide information, including with restricted access, upon written request from the National Agency on Corruption Prevention. The President thanked the government for holding the meeting promptly and adopting a decision. "I would like to note your quick reaction. I want to thank the Cabinet of Ministers for the fact that you reacted immediately and we were able to convene immediately. We have the right decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, which met today in an expanded format: including our anticorruption representatives, everyone had the floor and spoke about the situation. The first step is the step that the Cabinet of Ministers has just taken. I am grateful to everyone. I think this is an important signal to our society that the Cabinet of Ministers works unanimously for the state, not everyone for himself," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine