7 captures 09 Jul 2024 - 24 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240709004209/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dodatkova-sistema-ppo-j-nadannya-litakiv-f-16-prezident-v-od-91985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Will Continue to Strengthen the Ukrainian Fleet Together with the United Kingdom and the Netherlands – There Are Promising New Details of Our Cooperation – Address by the President 7 July 2024 - 20:23 View all videos n latest news Our Task Is to Preserve and Strengthen the Resilience of Our States – President During the Meeting with Ukrainian Community in Poland 8 July 2024 - 20:25 Defense Cooperation and the Needs of Our Defense Forces: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Andrzej Duda 8 July 2024 - 18:00 New Defense Package, Restoring Energy Security, and Training the Ukrainian Legion: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Donald Tusk 8 July 2024 - 16:48 Ukraine Initiates Emergency UN Security Council Meeting Following Today's Russian Attack – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 July 2024 - 15:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Poland 8 July 2024 - 12:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Additional Air Defense System and Provision of F-16 Jets: President in Odesa Met with the Dutch Ministers of Foreign Affairs and Defense 7 July 2024 - 20:35 In Odesa, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs Caspar Veldkamp and Dutch Minister of Defense Ruben Brekelmans. The Head of State noted that the newly appointed officials made their first foreign visit to Ukraine and thanked the Netherlands for supporting our country since the beginning of the full-scale Russian aggression. "The Netherlands has opened very important pages in defending our lives. This includes strengthening air defense and providing F-16 aircraft. I had a very warm phone call with the new Prime Minister of the Netherlands. I think we will continue our dialogue during the NATO Summit," the Head of State remarked. The President spoke about the shelling of civilian and critical infrastructure in Odesa by Russia, resulting in loss of life, and emphasized the importance of strengthening Ukraine's air defense. The Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs noted that the visit to Odesa demonstrates the unwavering support of Ukraine by his country's government. "I want to assure you that our continued political, economic, and military support for Ukraine will persist," emphasized Caspar Veldkamp. The Dutch Minister of Defense highlighted the importance of military support for our country, particularly in the supply of F-16 aircraft. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Ukraine is awaiting the arrival of Dutch F-16 fighter jets, which will help secure Ukrainian airspace and prevent Russian attacks on our cities and communities. The President and the ministers also listened to a report from Commander of the Ukrainian Navy Oleksiy Neizhpapa about the operational situation in the Black Sea. ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa Region 7 July 2024 - 15:17 ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa Region 7 July 2024 - 15:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine