8 captures 16 Dec 2023 - 09 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231216052357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dbati-pro-nashih-voyiniv-pro-vsih-nashih-lyudej-ce-obovyazko-87789 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Taking care of our warriors, of all our people is a must at all levels of government – address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2023 - 17:05 View all videos n latest news The President of Ukraine took part in the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities held in Lviv 15 December 2023 - 19:33 Taking care of our warriors, of all our people is a must at all levels of government – address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2023 - 17:04 At the Lychakiv Cemetery in Lviv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the fallen defenders of Ukraine 15 December 2023 - 14:01 Ukraine has repeatedly proved what it is capable of; the time will come when we will be able to celebrate accession to the European Union – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 December 2023 - 02:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Lviv region 15 December 2023 - 14:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Taking care of our warriors, of all our people is a must at all levels of government – address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2023 - 17:04 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today I am in Lviv. In the morning, I visited the Field of Mars at the Lychakiv Cemetery to honor our fallen warriors. Our heroes, whom Ukraine will always remember – every next generation of a free Ukraine. Now I am at Lviv Polytechnic. I held a Congress, a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Together with government officials – the Prime Minister, ministers. The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada. The Head of the Office. Many issues were discussed – various aspects of interaction between the central government and communities. It is very important for the government to be in constant communication with local governments and for community leaders to understand the current situation, what our entire country is living through, and how important it is to be fully focused on defense and helping people. Taking care of our soldiers, taking care of all our people is a must at all levels of government. This includes local authorities as well. Today I want to thank all the employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine who have been saving lives and helping people after Russian shelling throughout this week, just as they have been doing throughout all the weeks of the war. Odesa... Sergeant Artem Keiha, Sergeant Ruslan Kuruch, Captain Orest Pavlovskyi. Kherson region... Sergeant Anatoliy Skotenyants, Sergeant Volodymyr Kushniruk, Captain Vladyslav Pylypenko. Kyiv... Work at the sites where missile fragments fell. Chief Master Sergeant Serhiy Savenko, Captain Dmytro Halytskyi, Major Liubov Kirnos. I thank you and all your colleagues! At the Congress today, the Head of the Security Service of Ukraine reported on the detention of collaborators in Odesa, Kherson region, and Dnipro. He also reported on other operations of the Service. The Minister of Internal Affairs reported on the tragedy in Zakarpattia. Doctors are providing all necessary assistance. The head of the regional administration shared details. And one more thing. We continue our work with partners to preserve unity in the defense of Ukraine. In Europe, with America, and with everyone else in the world who supports us, supports the state and international law. The coming weeks will also be active in our foreign policy, and we have already begun planning activities for January. We will do our best to make sure that Ukraine is strong and that next year we can all be confident – confident in defense support, macro-financial support, and political support. I am grateful to everyone who helps! And please take care of people. Take care of Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine