3 captures 17 Nov 2024 - 13 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241117183235/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-nas-vazhliva-yednist-ukrayinskoyi-molodi-prezident-zust-94453 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Day, Ukrainians Prove with Their Courage, with Their Resilience That They Can Stop Russia – Address by the President 16 November 2024 - 15:51 View all videos n latest news Unity of Ukrainian Youth Is Crucial to Us – President Meets with Representatives of Student Self-Governance 17 November 2024 - 15:00 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan Discussed Ways to Enhance Cooperation Between the Two Countries 16 November 2024 - 18:01 Every Day, Ukrainians Prove with Their Courage, with Their Resilience That They Can Stop Russia – Address by the President 16 November 2024 - 15:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Spoke with Students of Colombian Universities 15 November 2024 - 21:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy Received Letters of Credence from Foreign Ambassadors 12 November 2024 - 19:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Unity of Ukrainian Youth Is Crucial to Us – President Meets with Representatives of Student Self-Governance 17 November 2024 - 15:00 Yesterday, on the eve of International Students’ Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of student self-governance bodies from over 200 higher education institutions in Ukraine. The President congratulated the students on their holiday and emphasized that youth are the future of the country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also expressed gratitude to the students who are defending Ukraine on the front lines for their resilience, strength, and patriotism. "The unity of all young people, wherever a student might be today, is extremely important to us. It is an integral part of the strength of our state. Student life during the war is a difficult and challenging time, but it is incredibly important both for you and for the entire country," the President stated. He also shared memories of his student years, including a trip to Crimea with friends, and stressed the importance of people who share your values. "If your value is freedom, you will notice any violation of rights and fight against it. But not alone—together with those around you. The most important foundation is value-driven people," the President said. During the discussion, the parties touched upon the issue of involving youth in work within state institutions, particularly ministries. The President highlighted that the state, business, and civil society need to unite efforts to encourage young people to pursue public service. "Students and youth should be present in (state) institutions. Young people have more energy. And to follow this path, to work for the state, to help Ukraine, it takes a great deal of strength and energy," the Head of State noted. Another topic of discussion was the mandatory establishment of military departments in higher education institutions after the war. The President expressed his support for this initiative. "Military preparatory education, training, and related processes are necessary. Patriotic education in schools should be at a high level. All of this is vital because it ensures readiness. It doesn’t mean preparing for war or World War III. But if we are attacked, you will be ready for this challenge," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated. During the meeting, Illia Beliak, the Head of the Expert Council of Students of Higher Education Institutions, presented innovative projects and legislative initiatives aimed at enhancing the role of the Ukrainian student movement. Among the proposals was the creation of a National Council of Students of Higher Education Institutions and the introduction of a government commissioner position for the rights of higher education students. Additionally, he presented the UA – Ukrainians Abroad project, which envisions the creation of a network of youth councils worldwide, as well as a draft law to expand the rights of student self-governance. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine