14 captures 09 Jun 2021 - 04 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214180155/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chas-deklaracij-maye-zalishitis-u-minulomu-potriben-chitkij-68913 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 The future of European security architecture is being decided in Ukraine today - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with German Chancellor 14 February 2022 - 18:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The time of declarations should be a thing of the past, a clear plan for Ukraine's integration into NATO is needed - the results of the conversation between Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joe Biden 8 June 2021 - 17:34 A meaningful conversation between the leaders of Ukraine and the United States of America made it possible to coordinate in detail the positions of our states and testifies to the close and partnership relations between Ukraine and the United States. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. "Holding such a concrete and trust-based conversation on the eve of the US President's major European tour, which will include the NATO summit and the US-Russia bilateral summit, indicates that Ukraine and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy provide our partners with quality expertise on current security challenges and risks in the region," Andriy Yermak stressed. Particular attention in the leaders' conversation was paid to the issue of finalizing the construction of Nord Stream 2. Volodymyr Zelenskyy clearly and unequivocally stated that this project is not a matter of economy or business prospects, as defined by some European politicians, but is a purely geopolitical tool of Russia, which allows it to try to significantly expand the dominant influence of this country in Europe. Nord Stream 2 significantly increases all existing risks in our region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the need for a real step-by-step plan for Ukraine's accession to NATO, which should be tied to clear calendar dates. The President of Ukraine also stressed that the time of statements and declarations of intent should be a thing of the past. "There can be no doubt that Ukraine is an integral part of Europe in terms of its value foundation. Now, in the new situation in Europe, we need a logistical plan for Ukraine's accession to the Alliance in the near future. NATO is a way of maximum protection for our country," the Ukrainian President noted at the talks. Ukraine's move to NATO is also an opportunity to achieve the preconditions for establishing a stable and lasting peace in Donbas. The situation in Donbas was discussed in great detail. Volodymyr Zelenskyy named the reasons for the periodic escalation of this confrontation by the Russian side. He reported on the number and nature of shelling from the uncontrolled territory. He also informed in detail about the real number of Russian troops concentrated near our borders and those that were redeployed to their permanent locations. Much of the Presidents' conversation was dedicated to the issue of transforming our state into a transparent and competitive system. "The American side understands that the elimination of the destructive consensus between oligarchs and politicians in Ukraine is strongly opposed by the old elites. But the US support for Ukraine in this work will be maximal," Andriy Yermak summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine