48 captures 21 Nov 2022 - 30 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230507142142/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zaraz-mayemo-istorichnu-mozhlivist-raz-i-nazavzhdi-zahist-79333 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:39 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discusses help in returning Ukrainian children deported by Russia with United24 ambassadors, famous actors, film directors 7 May 2023 - 12:29 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 7 May 2023 - 09:31 We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:35 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in festivities on the Infantry Day 6 May 2023 - 17:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We now have a historic opportunity to protect the Ukrainian freedom once and for all - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 November 2022 - 22:10 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! First of all, it should be said that today is the professional holiday of our paratroopers - the Day of Airborne Assault Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. I'm in a relevant gift. The boys handed it over and asked to wear it. It’s my pleasure! In particular, this is the day of the 25th Sicheslav Separate Airborne Brigade, the 80th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade, the 81st Separate Airmobile Brigade and the 95th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade, which distinguished themselves during the liberation of the Kharkiv region and our other lands. This is the day of the 46th Separate Airmobile Brigade, which took part in the liberation of Kherson and the occupied territories of the left bank of Ukraine. The day of the 79th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade, which extremely bravely defends our state in the Luhansk region and the Donetsk region. This is the day of units of the 132nd Іeparate Reconnaissance Battalion, which took part in the liberation of the Zhytomyr region and Kyiv region together with other units of the Airborne Assault Troops. The day of the warriors of the 148th Separate Artillery Division who every day accurately "subtract" the enemy in the most threatening areas of the front. This is the day of the 71st Separate Hunting Brigade, which became part of the Airborne Assault Troops recently, but has already proven itself well. I thank you all, warriors! Thank you to all Ukrainian paratroopers! In the morning, in the White Hall of the Heroes of Ukraine in the Mariyinsky Palace, I had the honor of presenting awards on the occasion of the professional holiday to the best fighters. I handed over the Gold Star Orders to the relatives of our Heroes who gave their lives for Ukraine. Our Airborne Assault Troops, like all the Defense Forces of Ukraine, pay an extremely high price for our people to preserve their freedom. Thousands of Ukrainian men and women died fighting for our country. We should always remember them. We must always honor their courage and self-sacrifice. I spoke today about Ukraine's contribution to the protection of freedom and European values in an address to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. I called on the countries of the Alliance to take specific actions to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which can reliably guarantee peace and justice for Ukraine and the entire Euro-Atlantic community. I also called on all parliaments of NATO member states to finally adopt a decision on designating Russia as a terrorist state. I believe that gradually we will reach this result - this is how Russia will be perceived in the world. Exactly what it has become. A terrorist state. And I thank all the members of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, who today adopted the relevant resolution to confirm this and our other positions. Today I spoke with French President Emmanuel Macron about the implementation of several points of our Peace Formula at once. Namely, about radiation safety and the situation at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, as well as about the energy security of Ukraine and Europe. We are working to ensure the implementation of the IAEA order to stop any hostile activity against Ukrainian nuclear facilities. And for this, the demilitarization of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant is extremely important. Russia must withdraw all its militants from there and stop shelling the station. I am grateful to Mr. President Macron for his willingness to support the protection of our energy facilities. We are also doing everything to make the conference on the reconstruction of Ukraine and the implementation of our Fast Recovery Plan, in which France is ready to show leadership, as effective as possible. Today, our energy workers had to apply not only stabilizing shutdowns, but also unscheduled ones. This is caused by a higher level of consumption than the country can provide at this time. Therefore, I would like to appeal to all representatives of regional authorities and local communities: please do not stop communicating about the rational consumption of electricity. Of course, energy workers, utility workers, rescuers and everyone involved are working at their maximum. But the systemic damage to our energy sphere by the attacks of Russian terrorists is so significant that all our people and businesses should be very frugal and spread consumption by hours of the day. As of this evening, the situation is particularly difficult in Kyiv and the region, as well as in the Vinnytsia, Sumy, Ternopil, Cherkasy, Odesa regions and some other cities and districts. Please try to limit your personal use of electricity in areas where there is the most difficulty on a daily basis, and especially during peak consumption hours. Of course, there should be a very frugal approach in public places as well. And one more thing. Today is the ninth anniversary of the beginning of Maidan - the Revolution of Dignity. Ninth... But the freedom and dignity of the Ukrainian people is more than a thousand years old. It is worth remembering this. There were many threats to the freedom of our people and the very existence of Ukrainians. But the people got through it. And now we have a historic opportunity to defend Ukrainian freedom once and for all. I believe that it will be so. I thank everyone who supports our country! Thank you to everyone who fights and works for Ukraine! Eternal glory and honor to all those who gave their lives for the freedom of our people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine