6 captures 23 Sep 2024 - 04 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 23 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240923215435/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/energetichna-pidtrimka-ta-posilennya-sankcij-proti-rf-volodi-93413 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Know Exactly How Much Global Unity Can Achieve – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Plenary Session of the Summit of the Future 23 September 2024 - 23:55 View all videos n latest news Energy Support and Stepping Up Sanctions Against Russia: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Fumio Kishida 24 September 2024 - 00:12 We Know Exactly How Much Global Unity Can Achieve – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Plenary Session of the Summit of the Future 23 September 2024 - 23:53 Implementation of the Peace Formula and Preparations for the Second Peace Summit: President Met with OAS Secretary General 23 September 2024 - 21:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Chancellor of Germany 23 September 2024 - 21:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Energy Support and Stepping Up Sanctions Against Russia: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Fumio Kishida 24 September 2024 - 00:12 On the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida. The President awarded the Japanese Prime Minister with the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise, I class. “I am very happy to meet you. This award is not only from me – it’s from the entire Ukrainian people. We are deeply grateful for such strong support for Ukraine and the Ukrainian people since the beginning of the full-scale invasion,” said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Japan for its financial and humanitarian assistance, amounting to over €12 billion, as well as for its support of sanctions against Russia. The President emphasized the importance of continuing efforts to close all loopholes that Russia uses to evade sanctions. Topics of discussion included cooperation with G7 and EU partners to establish a practical mechanism to secure $50 billion from frozen Russian assets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also provided an update on the current energy situation. Fumio Kishida announced that Japan is preparing a new energy assistance package, which will include transformers, generators, and other equipment. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine