1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031442/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=31 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine had a meeting with Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 5 June 2023 - 17:45 The parties had a detailed exchange of views on Ukraine's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius. The Head of State emphasized that it is important for our country to receive a clear signal on the prospects of membership in the Alliance. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine wants to have clear security guarantees before joining NATO, which will be the main guarantee 2 June 2023 - 16:37 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, today the security guarantees for our country are sanctions, financial guarantees, weapons, etc. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Alar Karis in Kyiv: We can prepare more powerful steps at the front together 2 June 2023 - 16:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis, who arrived in our country on a visit. The war is on our land, so the Peace Formula can only be Ukrainian – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 June 2023 - 23:14 Ukraine is extremely interested in the initiatives of other states for a peaceful settlement, but only on the basis of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the second meeting of the European Political Community in Moldova. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in the framework of the European Political Community Summit 1 June 2023 - 22:37 On the sidelines of the European Political Community Summit in Moldova, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan 1 June 2023 - 22:07 The interlocutors paid special attention to the experience of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the issue of humanitarian demining of the de-occupied territories. President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 By the time Ukraine receives modern fighter jets from its partners, it must have the means to protect itself from Russian air attacks, so along with the creation of an aviation coalition, it is initiating the consolidation of countries to provide our state with modern air defense systems, in particular, Patriots. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the second meeting of the European Political Community in Moldova. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Portugal in Moldova 1 June 2023 - 21:33 The Head of State expressed hope that Portugal, along with other partners, would support the coordination of a clear algorithm on Ukraine's path to NATO membership. Joint statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron 1 June 2023 - 20:45 We confirmed our readiness to develop a framework for the start of training of Ukrainian fighter pilots when it is appropriate for the Air Force of Ukraine. President of Ukraine held a multilateral meeting in Moldova in the framework of the coalition of fighter jets 1 June 2023 - 19:07 The leaders discussed practical issues related to the start of training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets and other types of aircraft. The parties agreed to start this process in the near future. 1 2 ... 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine