7 captures 28 Dec 2024 - 09 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241228033510/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cogorich-vdalosya-zapustiti-18-ukrayinomovnih-audiogidiv-u-k-95257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Korean Nation Should Not Lose Its People in The Battles in Europe – Address By The President 27 December 2024 - 21:11 View all videos n latest news The President Met with Representatives of the Ukrainian Business Community 27 December 2024 - 22:41 The Korean Nation Should Not Lose Its People in The Battles in Europe – Address By The President 27 December 2024 - 21:07 The President: National Communities Are Essential for Maintaining Internal Peace in Ukraine and Realizing Its Geopolitical Choice 27 December 2024 - 20:16 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Phone Conversation with Javier Milei 27 December 2024 - 20:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 27 December 2024 - 20:15 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife This year, We Successfully Launched 18 Ukrainian-Language Audio Guides at Cultural Sites Worldwide and Donated Hundreds of Books to Ukrainian Bookshelves – Olena Zelenska 27 December 2024 - 16:30 The First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, presented the results of her initiatives aimed at creating Ukrainian-language audio guides and establishing Ukrainian bookshelves around the world. In particular, 18 Ukrainian-language audio guides were launched this year: The Netherlands – Van Gogh Museum; Japan – Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum; Latvia – Museum of the Occupation of Latvia; Sweden – Nobel Prize Museum; Austria – Hofburg Palace in Vienna; Finland – Akseli Gallen-Kallela Museum in Espoo; Serbia – Kalemegdan Fortress Museum; The UAE – Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi; Cyprus – Anastasios G. Leventis Art Gallery; Peru – Place of Memory, Tolerance and Social Inclusion in Lima; Germany – Museum Barberini; Belgium – Royal Museums of Fine Arts; Mexico – Mexico City's Capital Bus tourist sightseeing buses; Argentina – sightseeing bus routes in Buenos Aires; Vatican City – Vatican museums; Lithuania – Church Heritage Museum in Vilnius; Italy – Ukrainian-language mobile application MyPompeii in the Archaeological Park of Pompeii. In the last few days of this year, the Ukrainian audio guide was also made available in Croatia – at the Krapina Neanderthal Museum. “The path that people have traveled over hundreds of thousands of years of history is impressive and encouraging. Mankind did not emerge from caves only to live today with a cave-like mentality. Therefore, it must restrain aggression and preserve humanistic civilization,” the First Lady said. Olena Zelenska emphasized that audio translation into Ukrainian helps our compatriots better understand countries, their culture and history. Moreover, they give a voice to the Ukrainian language. In total, 95 audio guides have already been launched in 51 countries. As part of another project, Ukrainian Bookshelves, hundreds of Ukrainian books were donated to the Winnipeg Public Library and the Central Library of Mississauga (Canada), the American University Library (Cyprus), the Astana IT University Library (Kazakhstan), the Muara Language and Literature Bureau (Brunei), the University of La Sabana Library (Colombia), the Julianna Reformed Secondary School Library (Hungary), and the National Library of Azerbaijan in the last two months alone. The project now covers 54 countries and the UNESCO headquarters. In total, approximately 220 shelves are in operation, offering more than 55,000 books. “I thank all the embassies, consulates, diplomats, and activists who make this happen. In this way, the Ukrainian language and culture build bridges of understanding between our country and the world,” the First Lady concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine