3 captures 28 Jul 2023 - 09 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230728232522/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-poslom-indiyi-v-ukrayini-84541 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:50 View all videos n latest news We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:48 President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar 28 July 2023 - 16:51 President on the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood: Our statehood is our response to the need for security and peace for Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 11:52 Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood 28 July 2023 - 12:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of India to Ukraine 27 July 2023 - 17:26 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of India to Ukraine Harsh Kumar Jain. The parties discussed the restoration of sustainable and just peace based on respect for the UN Charter, international law and the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The interlocutors exchanged views on preparations for the next meeting at the level of national security advisors on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, as well as on the organization of the Global Peace Summit. "All countries of the world, including the most influential countries of the Global South, are interested in establishing a just peace and overcoming the negative consequences of Russian aggression against Ukraine as soon as possible. The answers to these questions are contained in the Ukrainian Peace Formula," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office noted. Ihor Zhovkva thanked India for its balanced approach to the most important issues on the international agenda and emphasized the importance of India's Presidency of the G20. The parties noted the positive dynamics of cooperation between the two countries and agreed to further coordinate joint actions, in particular in the context of India's G20 Presidency. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine