1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033054/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=69 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I am certain you will continue to lead the free world, and this century will be our century, where freedom, innovation and democratic values reign – address by the President of Ukraine to the graduates of Johns Hopkins University 25 May 2023 - 21:35 One piece of advice always works – you have to know exactly why you need today, and how you want your tomorrow to look like. The more Russian prisoners of war we will take, the more of our people we will return – address by the President of Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 21:14 Today we have another positive result from our team working on exchanges. We have returned 106 more of our warriors from Russian captivity - they fought in the Bakhmut sector. It is very important that there was no information about many of these 106 people at all - they were considered missing. But we found them. President met with the Minister of Defence of Sweden 25 May 2023 - 18:43 The parties discussed the possibility of Sweden's participation in the aviation coalition and the launch of a separate training program for Ukrainian pilots on modern Western-type aircraft. First Lady of Ukraine addressed the participants of the International Book Fair in Warsaw 25 May 2023 - 18:06 In her video address to the participants of the event, Olena Zelenska noted that right now Ukraine and Poland are creating a history that will be written about in books. When cities and communities of the European Union cooperate directly with cities and communities of Ukraine, it strengthens our Europe - President's address to the EU Committee of the Regions 25 May 2023 - 17:47 I invite you to cooperate at all levels with the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of Ukraine. Both at the level of the entire EU Committee of the Regions and directly: your regions with our regions. Andriy Sybiha met with the heads of the embassies of the Baltic States and Northern Europe in Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 15:14 The interlocutors exchanged views on recent major international events and discussed the results of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's talks with the heads of state and government of the respective countries that took place during the President's foreign visits. Reliable communication connects Ukrainians and enables our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 13:26 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events dedicated to the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Anders Fogh Rasmussen 25 May 2023 - 11:39 The interlocutors exchanged views on the results of the G7 Summit held in Japan with the participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam 25 May 2023 - 11:37 This is the 65th audio guide in the world as part of the Ukrainian First Lady’s global project to launch Ukrainian-language audio guides at the world's leading landmarks. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a video call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 May 2023 - 11:05 The parties discussed in detail the plans to implement the agreements reached by the Head of State and Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni. 1 2 ... 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine