10 captures 18 May 2020 - 25 Apr 2025 Mar APR May 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220407122336/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/poslablennya-karantinu-ta-drugij-etap-medichnoyi-reformi-zve-60981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos If there is no really painful package of sanctions against Russia, it will be considered by Moscow as a permission to attack - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 00:34 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Greece 7 April 2022 - 14:17 If there is no really painful package of sanctions against Russia, it will be considered by Moscow as a permission to attack - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 00:30 Sanctions against Russia must be destructive enough to stop this heinous war - Andriy Yermak 6 April 2022 - 21:07 President of Ukraine held a meeting with members of the government on the implementation of the state budget 6 April 2022 - 17:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Quarantine mitigation and the second stage of medical reform: President's address to Ukrainians 4 May 2020 - 17:18 Fellow Ukrainians! Traditionally, at the beginning of the address, I wish you good health. And today, I also want to wish everyone an important precondition to this health. It is patience. Patience to adhere to quarantine and wait until a safe situation. Look at the statistics of the countries that either did not introduce quarantine measures or made them soft. The result is thousands of deaths and tens of thousands of infected every day. Yes, there is a negative impact of quarantine on the economy. The losses from it are painful. But the potential losses from high morbidity and mortality are catastrophic. According to research, the complete abolition of quarantine will have shocking consequences. If we return to the usual rhythm of life tomorrow, it is potentially plus 120,000 deaths by the end of the year. This is why quarantine mitigation cannot be premature. It will be phased and the first mitigation will take place on May 11. Parks, beauty salons, summer terraces of cafes and restaurants will be opened. Current statistics now give us hope for the future. However, the situation could have been different. We could have had not 12, but 200 thousand infected. There are two reasons why the critical scenario was avoided. The first is measures taken in time. Tough, but, as time has shown, correct. The second reason is the merit of our Ukrainian doctors. Their professionalism, courage and dedication on the frontline of struggle against coronavirus. Today, the COVID-19 theme has filled the whole space, but at the same time we cannot forget the global situation in our medical field. Because today our doctors are under attack. Facebook, Instagram, and my desktop are filled with appeals from medical teams from all over our country. They are all related to the second phase of medical reform. We usually ask our doctors for help. Today, our doctors are asking for help. You know, since the first days of the presidency, I've been getting absolutely polar information. Some assure me that reform is a panacea, while others say it is death. We needed an unbiased and objective assessment. Not the one of sofa experts, but the one of top domestic doctors. We have created a working group of academics, professors and distinguished doctors of our country. They, together with the new leadership of the Ministry of Health, have analyzed the situation. The truth is that the reform has both pros and cons. Our mission is to keep all the positive moments and to fix the mistakes immediately. In particular, the new funding mechanism could lead to the dismissal of about 50,000 doctors and the closure of 332 hospitals across Ukraine. Almost 1,000 hospitals will receive much less money than last year. Emergency medical care, multidisciplinary hospitals, cancer centers, veterans' hospitals, most children's hospitals, psychiatric and tuberculosis services are in danger. All of this raises a number of questions. Why are physicians forced to think about their own survival instead of saving other people's lives? Why were tariffs drawn up by officials without deep understanding of the process and not by doctors? Why was one emergency call assessed in the amount of 75 hryvnias? Why does a stroke or a heart attack cost at least twice cheaper in the documents than in real life? Under the new mechanism, some hospitals will have money only for a door lock and a poster: “We are closed. Hold on. Good luck”. Regional children's hospitals will receive nearly UAH 200 million less. Most tuberculosis hospitals and dispensaries are on the verge of closing. I cannot allow all this. I cannot allow the reduction of ambulance crews. I cannot allow situations when a person feels bad on Monday and the ambulance comes on Tuesday. Or, if you are a resident of the Sumy region, you better not get sick at all because you’ll have to drive 200 kilometers to get treatment. I cannot allow qualified pediatricians to go abroad leading to a catastrophic increase in infant mortality. Or the incidence of tuberculosis increased by a third in the next two years. We cannot allow all this because otherwise it will be called sabotage, not reform. That is why I call on the Minister of Health, the Chairman of the profile committee of the Verkhovna Rada and the Chief medical officer of Ukraine to urgently put forward solutions to these issues. We do not need to curtail reform, we need to improve it. We need recognition of mistakes and their correction. I am convinced that the global requirement is one, and it is very simple: patients and doctors of all levels must be satisfied with the reform. Fellow Ukrainians! Questions about reform do not mean that we consider our medicine ideal or that nothing needs to be changed. Believe me, from the beginning of coronavirus, I see like no other that our medical industry is not just vulnerable, but is actually a step away from a coma. And the only thing that keeps it still alive is our Ukrainian doctors. I cannot allow 50,000 of them to end up on the street. During the war, no one reduces his own army. Our doctors today are the same army that protects the health of Ukrainians. Therefore, I am waiting for the relevant decisions from all authorized persons. And I wish good health and traditional 36.6 to you, fellow Ukrainians! Take care of ourselves! Take care of our doctors! Save Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine