1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051909/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=63 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President inspected the Olympic House in Dnipro: An experienced coach and modern training conditions are needed for sports victories 8 June 2021 - 17:28 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Olympic Reserves sports complex and inspected the newly built Olympic House sports center in Dnipro. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Dnipropetrovsk region: We are building awesome roads 8 June 2021 - 15:43 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the completion of construction works on the H-11 Dnipro – Mykolaiv state highway from Kryvyi Rih to Krynychky, which is being reconstructed in the framework of the Large Construction program. Large Construction: Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of sports facilities in Kryvyi Rih 8 June 2021 - 14:16 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of Metallurg Stadium in Kryvyi Rih, which is taking place in the framework of the Large Construction program. President inspected the reconstruction of the airport in Kryvyi Rih 8 June 2021 - 12:16 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the reconstruction of the Kryvyi Rih International Airport. President arrived in Kryvyi Rih by airliner 8 June 2021 - 11:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with US President Joe Biden 7 June 2021 - 21:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the United States of America Joe Biden. This was announced by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Venice Commission Gianni Buquicchio 7 June 2021 - 17:00 The Head of State noted the high level of cooperation with the Venice Commission and the advisory assistance it provides to our country in implementing key reforms. Anticorruption Strategy for 2020-2024 should be approved in Ukraine as soon as possible - President at Zero Corruption Conference 2021 7 June 2021 - 15:52 The Verkhovna Rada should adopt as soon as possible in the second reading and in general the law "On the principles of state anticorruption policy for 2020-2024", approved as a basis in November last year. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at Zero Corruption Conference 2021 in Kyiv. President expects all major environmental laws to be adopted in Ukraine by the end of the year 7 June 2021 - 14:11 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the current generation is responsible for the environmental situation in the country, so it is important to adopt a number of laws on environmental protection in Ukraine. The Head of State said this during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology". Volodymyr Zelenskyy: If I do not have the support of the parliament in the adoption of the law on oligarchs, I will turn to society 7 June 2021 - 14:06 If MPs sabotage the adoption of a law to prevent the influence of oligarchs, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will put the issue to an all-Ukrainian referendum. The Head of State announced this during a conversation with journalists in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology". 1 2 ... 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine