1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309014743/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 The Head of State put to sea aboard the Captain Chusov search and rescue ship. Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard information on the implementation of tasks by Marine Guard units in the Ukrainian part of the Sea of Azov. Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace - President 17 February 2022 - 12:06 Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace, but despite public statements, the Russian side does not show willingness for a real conversation. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Mariupol, Donetsk region. Ukraine is welcome to NATO, yet not by all members of the Alliance - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 February 2022 - 11:57 Ukraine has been moving towards NATO membership for a long time, but, as in many other issues of sovereign choice, our country is being opposed on the path to Euro-Atlantic integration. The Head of State said this during a conversation with media representatives in Mariupol, Donetsk region. The situation on Ukraine's borders is under control, but the withdrawal of Russian troops has not yet been observed - President 16 February 2022 - 20:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Ukrainian servicemen control the situation on the borders of our state, but at the moment it cannot be stated that the Russian Federation is fully withdrawing its troops. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with defenders in Mariupol: The war has been going on for eight years, and Ukraine has become just as many times stronger 16 February 2022 - 20:26 In Mariupol, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen and law enforcement officers who defend Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. President held a meeting on the security situation in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions 16 February 2022 - 19:44 The participants of the meeting heard a report by Commander of the Joint Forces Oleksandr Pavliuk on the situation in the JFO area. In the Rivne region, President observed the course of tactical exercises of the Armed Forces 16 February 2022 - 13:45 During a working trip to the Rivne region, President of Ukraine, Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the tactical exercises of the Armed Forces and other security and defense forces within the command and staff exercises "Snowstorm-2022". President arrived in the Rivne region as part of a two-day working trip to the regions of Ukraine 16 February 2022 - 11:24 On the Day of Unity, February 16, 2022, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy began a two-day working trip, during which he will visit the Rivne and Donetsk regions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn raising of the State Flag of Ukraine on the occasion of Unity Day 16 February 2022 - 10:35 According to the President's decree, today, on the Day of Unity, at 10:00 the National Flag was hoisted on houses and buildings, and the National Anthem was played in all settlements of Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Italy 15 February 2022 - 16:46 The President thanked the Italian Prime Minister for his personal diplomatic efforts to resolve the security crisis around Ukraine peacefully. The parties discussed the current situation in the region, the development of the peace process and the intensification of all existing negotiation formats, including Normandy. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine