5 captures 11 Nov 2024 - 10 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241111060954/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-zi-studentami-institutu-mizhnarodni-94349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 21:50 View all videos n latest news This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 20:10 Ukrainian-Language Audio Guides Introduced in Mexico and Argentina 10 November 2024 - 12:30 We Surpassed the Milestone of the First 100 Units of Missile Armament This Year – Address by the President 9 November 2024 - 19:07 Andriy Yermak Met with Students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 November 2024 - 22:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Met with Students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 November 2024 - 22:42 On November 28, the conference “Diplomacy Today: Ukraine's Role in Global Politics” will be held to mark the 80th anniversary of the Institute of International Relations. This was announced by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, during his meeting with students of the IIR of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. The meeting was also attended by Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrii Sybiha, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva, Ambassador of the European Union Katarína Mathernová, Ambassador of the United Kingdom Martin Harris, Ambassador of Denmark Ole Egberg Mikkelsen, Ambassador of Egypt Barakat Elleithy, and Ambassador of South Africa Shoayb Casoo. Andriy Yermak expressed his sympathy to the students and faculty of the Institute, whose building was damaged during the Russian attack on Kyiv on November 3. “We continue to live and fight. We have a very clear goal. We are fighting for what is ours, for our land, for our people. I am absolutely sure that we will have enough strength and courage,” the Head of the Presidential Office said. Director of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv Valeriy Kopiyka described how students and staff of the institution together eliminated the consequences of the shelling. “It is extremely important that foreign diplomatic representatives are here to support us and to raise the issue of the war finally ending, of justice being restored, and of us returning to normal life. And I believe that together we will be able to do it,” Valeriy Kopiyka said. Andriy Yermak also stressed the importance of studying and working in Ukraine as Ukrainians seek a common victory over the aggressor. “We, the entire Ukrainian nation, will definitely be able to stop this war, achieve our victory, and achieve a just peace,” Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the Presidential Office suggested holding monthly meetings of students with ambassadors so that young people could learn from their experience and discuss topical issues. Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrii Sybiha urged students to join internship programs at the MFA, because the Ukrainian diplomatic service needs new qualified personnel. “Your institute has always been a leading educational institution in training personnel for Ukraine's foreign policy. This has been the case since the beginning of Ukraine's independence. This is the intellectual epicenter where the diplomatic elite – not only national but also international – was formed,” Andrii Sybiha concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine