8 captures 17 Nov 2022 - 17 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221117222126/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-videokonsultaciyi-z-radnikom-prezidenta-79221 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:20 View all videos n latest news If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:19 Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro 17 November 2022 - 16:34 A number of countries found themselves on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started a war of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting on the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative 17 November 2022 - 15:56 Challenges of the war spurred the development of technology in Ukraine, decreased the influence of Russia on the economy and reduced the level of corruption - President 17 November 2022 - 14:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro 17 November 2022 - 16:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro Tamara Brajovic. Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor of the current security situation in the conditions of full-scale Russian aggression and the progress of the military operation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Tamara Brajovic assured that Montenegro will continue its unwavering support for the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. The Deputy Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude to Montenegro for solidarity with Ukraine at the platforms of international and regional organizations, in particular traditional support for resolutions initiated by Ukraine within the UN, as well as for practical assistance to our state. "We are sincerely grateful to our Montenegrin friends for their significant practical and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine. We highly appreciate the support provided by the citizens of Montenegro to those Ukrainians who left their homes and their country due to the military aggression of the Russian Federation," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the practical aspects of Ukraine's strategic movement towards NATO membership, as well as to the support for this process by the Montenegrin side. The interlocutors discussed the possibilities of using advisory and other practical assistance from Montenegro in the process of implementing the strategy of Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. Separately, the parties discussed the issue of the practical implementation of the European integration strategy of our country in the context of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for joining the European Union. At the end of the conversation, Ihor Zhovkva and Tamara Brajovic coordinated positions on bilateral dialogue measures for the nearest future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine