13 captures 02 Jun 2021 - 24 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071114/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-z-senatorami-ssha-bezpekovu-situaci-68777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President discussed security situation in Donbas and along Ukrainian-Russian border with US Senators 2 June 2021 - 17:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the United States Congress. The meeting involved US Senators Jeanne Shaheen, Robert Portman, Christopher Murphy, their advisers, as well as Chargé d'Affaires a.i. of the United States in Ukraine Kristina Kvien. The Ukrainian party involved the First President of Ukraine, Head of the Ukrainian Delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group Leonid Kravchuk, Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov, Minister for Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba, Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak and his deputies Ihor Zhovkva, Yulia Svyriydenko and Andrii Sybiha. "This meeting is very important for us, because it reaffirms that the United States is our strategic partner. Especially now, at very tense times of the probable escalation on the part of Russia," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to him, the concentration of Russian troops is currently observed in the temporarily occupied territories and along the Ukrainian border. Russia has also increased the number of aircraft and military equipment along Ukraine's borders and in the occupied Crimea. "Hence, Russia is only declaring in words the withdrawal of its forces and the fulfillment of its obligations. In total, only about 10,000 servicemen have been withdrawn,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State also stressed that there is currently only one new checkpoint on the delimitation line, and the rest have not started working due to the reluctance of the other party. During a meeting with the Senators, the video call with the military leadership from the area of the Joint Forces Operation in Donbas was held, so that, as Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted, all parties “could be in the same information context and hear about the current situation of Ukraine firsthand". In particular, during the video call from Orikhove, Luhansk region, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak spoke about the overall situation in the JFO area and in some areas of responsibility of the Ukrainian units. He reminded that on May 27, a sniper killed a Ukrainian serviceman in the area of his current location. "The leadership of the Russian Federation continues to implement its plans for aggression against Ukraine. The enemy is keeping a group of Russian armed forces in the border areas of Voronezh, Belgorod, Rostov regions and in the temporarily occupied Crimea," he said. Ruslan Khomchak also stressed that the enemy, ignoring the TCG's ceasefire agreements, continues the shelling of Ukrainian positions. The greatest shelling activity is observed in the Mariupol, Avdiivka and Toretsk areas. In addition, there is an active fire of snipers coming from the Russian Federation. In total, 52 cases of sniper weapons usage by Russian units have been recorded since the beginning of the silence regime, as a result of which 23 Ukrainian servicemen have been killed and 12 have been wounded, the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine stated. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets, who is in Pisky, Donetsk region, informed about the situation near this settlement. During the video call from Chasiv Yar, Donetsk region, Head of the Ukrainian party to the Joint Center for Control and Coordination of Ceasefire and Stabilization of the Line of Delimitation of the Parties Serhiy Salkutsan reported on the current state of the security component and cases of ceasefire violations. The President thanked the Senators for their support for Ukraine and the Ukrainian people, as well as for their assistance in ensuring the territorial integrity and sovereignty of our state. "I am very grateful for the bipartisan support. We are grateful to you for the military assistance," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, expressing hope that this assistance will be increased to further build up Ukraine's defense capabilities, including the Navy. He also stressed the importance of continuing the policy of sanctions against the Russian Federation until Russia stops its aggressive actions. "The current sanctions from the EU and the US are no longer working today - Russia is used to living with it, taking away other territories and threatening Europe. The whole civilized world cannot allow this. Therefore, I believe that it is necessary not just to put pressure, but to build a new format of sanctions policy," the President said. Jeanne Shaheen noted that due to the information provided, the Senators clearly understand what is happening in Donbas, they also received data on the concentration of Russian troops near the borders of Ukraine. "We must convey a very strong signal to Russia that it must withdraw all its troops from the borders with Ukraine," she said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine