10 captures 29 Aug 2023 - 05 Jun 2024 Jul AUG Sep 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230829152053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nemaye-takih-sliv-shob-opisati-silu-velich-i-samopozhertvu-g-85241 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, security guarantees for Ukraine and the functioning of the "grain corridor" with the Prime Minister of Japan 29 August 2023 - 15:37 President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 Olena Zelenska met with UNICEF Regional Director Regina De Dominicis 29 August 2023 - 12:57 Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2023 - 12:51 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the warriors fallen in the Russian-Ukrainian war. "Every year on August 29, we honor the memory of Ukrainians who gave their lives defending our country. Defending Ukraine's independence. Freedom for all our people. The territorial integrity of Ukraine. Ukraine's right to be among free nations," the Head of State said. Accompanied by a company of honor guards, the President laid a flower composition at the Wall of Remembrance on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. “There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious. Words are never enough to express what we feel. And let the tears that will be shed today, let the silence that will sound louder than any words, let our respect, which is absolutely sincere, tell everyone what we really feel and how grateful we are to all our defenders, whose lives became the life of Ukraine,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President and all those present observed a minute of silence in memory of the Ukrainian heroes who gave their lives for Ukraine. “May the memory of all our warriors be blessed,” the Head of State added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy handed over the Gold Star Orders to family members of Ukrainian defenders who were posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. In particular, the following warriors were posthumously awarded the highest state award: Colonel Oleksandr Makhachek, the sapper of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, who in May 2022, during an enemy artillery attack near the Bakhmut-Lysychansk road, organized the evacuation of personnel in a timely manner, saving the lives of his brothers-in-arms and ensuring the fulfillment of a combat mission. He was killed by a shell hit in a dugout. Deputy commander of the squadron Lieutenant Colonel Vadym Blahovisnyi, who has flown 95 combat missions since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. He perished heroically while performing a combat mission. Commander of the aviation squadron Major Yevhen Lysenko. In early March 2022, he spotted two enemy aircraft in Zhytomyr region and heroically engaged in combat with them, destroying one of the aircraft. His plane was shot down by the enemy, and the Ukrainian pilot himself perished heroically. Captain Dmytro Romanchenko, the reconnaissance officer who personally organized the evacuation of wounded and killed brothers-in-arms, and then remained at the combat positions, directly leading the unit during the battle in Donetsk region. He was killed by an artillery shell. Captain Eduard Kamardin, who personally evacuated five wounded servicemen and provided them with first aid during a battle on September 5, 2022, in Mykolaiv region. He also destroyed the enemy's depot by adjusting fire. Covering his brothers-in-arms, the captain was killed by enemy shelling. Senior Lieutenant Serhiy Suchkov, a reconnaissance platoon commander, who on May 3, 2022, during a massive shelling managed to lead his reconnaissance group to safety, but perished heroically. Junior Lieutenant Vadym Blyshchyk, a mechanized platoon commander who perished on August 14, 2022, during an intense artillery attack on a platoon stronghold, covering a subordinate serviceman with his body. Sergeant Major Kyrylo Marach, a reconnaissance platoon commander who in August 2022, during a successful assault and clearing of a platoon stronghold, was wounded and died in hospital while covering a subordinate serviceman. Chief Sergeant Mykola Yanyshyn, the tank commander, who died in May 2022 as a result of an enemy artillery strike while rescuing his brothers-in-arms from another tank. Senior Sergeant Mykhailo Chabanenko, who in August 2022 repelled three assaults on a stronghold in Donetsk region, ensuring the destruction of several dozen enemy soldiers, but was killed by intense shelling. Spotter Sergeant Denys Labunskyi, who showed bravery and fortitude during the battles in Bakhmut, inflicting maximum losses on the enemy. He died in Bakhmut in November 2022 as a result of a direct hit by an enemy shell. Reconnaissance man Senior Soldier Valentyn Klymchuk, who in July 2022, during an assault on enemy positions in Mykolaiv region, personally blew up two enemy dugouts and captured enemy combat documents. When he ran out of ammunition, he found an enemy machine gun and covered the escape of his reconnaissance group. He perished heroically from a sniper's bullet. Soldiers Leonid Butusin and Roman Butusin. In early March 2022, in fierce battles with overwhelming enemy forces in Chernihiv region, the two brothers did not retreat, acted decisively and courageously, fired to the last bullet, covering other servicemen, and saved more than 30 men at the cost of their own lives. Soldier Yuriy Kovalchuk, a unit commander of the Stugna-P anti-tank guided missile battery, who skillfully repelled all enemy attacks in May 2022, demonstrating heroism and indomitability, remained in his combat position to the last and was killed by artillery fire. Also, the title of Hero of Ukraine (posthumously) was awarded to: Deputy head of the Border Guard Service Department of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine Major Ivan Volochiy, who was holding back the enemy's advance near Izyum, Kharkiv region, in March 2022. He was killed by enemy tank fire. State Border Guard Service inspector Master Sergeant Oleksandr Maslak, who, together with other border guards, has been inflicting damage on the occupiers in Mariupol for a long time with all available means. He was killed while covering the withdrawal of his brothers-in-arms. Lieutenant of the National Guard of Ukraine Vitaliy Koval, who was one of the defenders of Bakhmut. NGU Junior Sergeant Yevhen Bilash, who was killed while covering the withdrawal of his group during a combat mission. The head of the sniper group, Colonel of the Security Service of Ukraine Oleksandr Vdovychenko, an active participant in search, reconnaissance and counter-sniper activities. Under his leadership, the sniper groups conducted more than 10 efficient sorties in Donetsk region. v Videos ph Participation in the events on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2023 - 12:51 ph Participation in the events on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2023 - 12:51 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine