1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309040633/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=71 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President during the discussion with Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland: Ukraine is a powerful state that will only strengthen the European Union 3 May 2021 - 17:39 The European Union should demonstrate real support for the European integration aspirations of Ukraine, which continues to fight for its independence. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the discussion "The happiness of nations is based on fair laws, the effectiveness of which depends on their implementation" which took place in Warsaw. President took part in festivities marking the 230th anniversary of the 3 May Constitution of Poland 3 May 2021 - 14:18 During a working visit to the Republic of Poland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in festivities marking the 230th anniversary of the 3 May Constitution of Poland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Polish President Andrzej Duda on this date. Joint Declaration of the Presidents of Poland, Estonia, Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania 3 May 2021 - 13:35 We express the conviction that the prosperity of our common heritage and common home, rooted in the European civilization, demands that, just like home, also Europe be built on the basis of fundamental values and principles. These are with no doubt: freedom, sovereignty, territorial integrity, democracy, the rule of law, equality and solidarity. A uniting Europe should remain open to all countries and nations which share the above-mentioned values. Ukraine to receive additional 10 million doses of vaccine against COVID-19 - report to President 1 May 2021 - 14:09 Ukraine has signed a contract with the American pharmaceutical company Pfizer on the supply of additional 10 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine. The agreement was made possible due to Volodymyr Zelenskyy's direct communication with Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla. President held a meeting with the leaders of the OCU, UOC and UGCC on the eve of Easter 28 April 2021 - 15:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Primate of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine Epiphanius, Primate of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church Onufriy and Head of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church Sviatoslav Shevchuk on the celebration of Easter under quarantine restrictions. Interview of President of Ukraine to La Repubblica 28 April 2021 - 11:07 Now there is only one war in Europe - against our country. It has been going on for eight years in the Ukrainian Donbas. And this must be resolved. Following the meeting in Kherson on the security situation, the President of Ukraine commissioned to prepare a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 27 April 2021 - 19:03 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the security situation on the administrative border with the temporarily occupied territory of Crimea, as well as in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Odesa, Mykolaiv and Donetsk regions. President of Ukraine: Russia has been putting pressure for many years, we are calm about it 27 April 2021 - 15:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it expedient to involve other states in peace talks, as this may speed up the end of the war in Donbas. President of Ukraine to pay a working visit to Poland on May 3 27 April 2021 - 15:37 On May 3, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a working visit to the Republic of Poland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions of the Ukrainian military on the administrative border with the temporarily occupied Crimea 27 April 2021 - 14:53 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the military on the administrative border with the temporarily occupied Autonomous Republic of Crimea. 1 2 ... 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine