9 captures 31 May 2020 - 11 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240711174805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-yevrop-61257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Continue Our Work in Washington, and There Will Be a Decision Regarding the F-16s Very Soon – Address by the President 10 July 2024 - 16:16 View all videos n latest news Patriot System and Strengthening Security in the Black Sea Region: Ukraine and Romania Signed a Security Agreement 11 July 2024 - 17:10 Agreement on Security Cooperation Between Ukraine and Romania 11 July 2024 - 17:09 Olena Zelenska: Our society will emerge from the war stronger and more humane – we are doing everything to achieve this 11 July 2024 - 15:22 The President of Ukraine Met with the President of the Czech Republic in Washington 11 July 2024 - 03:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone conversation with the President of the European Commission 20 May 2020 - 17:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. The President of the European Commission congratulated Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the first anniversary of his inauguration and noted Ukraine's progress in implementing reforms. The main topic of conversation was the coordination of efforts aimed at overcoming the consequences of the coronavirus pandemic in Ukraine and the European Union, as well as the coordination of steps to gradually exit quarantine. "Due to timely measures, we managed to prevent the worst-case scenario of the epidemic. We are closely following the EU's pandemic measures. Thank you personally for the 190 million euro support package for Ukraine announced by the European Commission to overcome the consequences of coronavirus. The money will be used to support the healthcare system and the economy, help vulnerable groups, SMEs, support civil society, judicial reform, and implement the European Green Deal,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In particular, the parties discussed the enhancement of cooperation in the medical field, the provision of "green corridors" for the unimpeded circulation of goods across Europe, the possible resumption of air traffic, the involvement of Ukraine as an observer in the EU Health Committee. The interlocutors also agreed that the crisis caused by coronavirus should not impede the free movement of goods and restrict bilateral trade. The President thanked Ursula von der Leyen for the European Commission's decision to launch another program of macro-financial assistance to Ukraine in the amount of 1.2 billion euros. "We need bilateral assistance from the European Union to stabilize the economy and public finances. We are ready for constructive cooperation in order to quickly launch and implement this macro-financial assistance program," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine informed that the law on banking activities would be signed in the near future, paving the way to a new IMF program. It was agreed that in the coming weeks Ukraine will receive the second tranche of the previous, Fourth Macro-Financial Assistance Program in the amount of 500 million euros. The interlocutors paid special attention to the security situation in eastern Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the constant support of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state. The leaders of Ukraine and the European Commission noted the active political dialogue between Ukraine and the EU, which is continued despite the current crisis. The parties also agreed on further contacts. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine