1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221558/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukrainian Peace Formula is not just about ending the war, but about preventing wars in the future – Andriy Yermak at the Yalta European Strategy meeting 8 September 2023 - 22:38 Ukraine, together with its partners, can develop a new security system that will help not only guarantee lasting peace in our country but also prevent the emergence of new aggressions in the future. This was emphasized by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during the panel "What works in the world today and what needs to be changed" within the 18th meeting of the Yalta European strategy. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the newly appointed Head of Cooperation Programs of the EU Delegation to Ukraine 8 September 2023 - 13:35 During the meeting, the parties discussed the challenges faced by the communities and regions of Ukraine in the context of the war. Representatives of the President's Office told German parliamentarians about Ukrainian children abducted by Russia in the framework of the Bring Kids Back UA project presentation 8 September 2023 - 10:53 Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Daria Zarivna took part in a panel discussion in the Bundestag on deepening cooperation between Ukraine and Germany to bring home Ukrainian children abducted by Russia. Andriy Yermak and Michael McFaul talked to students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 September 2023 - 00:10 "Over the past year and a half, the group we created together with Michael has indeed achieved some success. Today, 70% of our recommendations are the basis for sanctions in various sectors applied by the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and others," the Head of the Presidential Office said. The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a meeting of the working group to develop proposals for Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group 7 September 2023 - 22:10 On the instructions of Head of the Presidential Office and head of the working group Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on developing proposals for Ukraine's participation in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Board Chairperson of EQUINET 7 September 2023 - 21:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with the delegation of the European Network of Equality Bodies (EQUINET) headed by Ombudswoman of the Republic of Croatia Tena Šimonović Einwalter and Ombudsman for Equality in Sweden Lars Arrhenius. Strengthening energy sanctions can have a significant impact on the aggressor and bring the end of the war closer - Andriy Yermak 7 September 2023 - 21:03 The International Working Group on Sanctions Against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former National Security Advisor to the President of the United States, Ambassador Michael McFaul, has prepared two new documents: on strengthening energy sanctions and on the importance of confiscating Russian state assets. Andriy Yermak communicates with director of National Security Office under President of Korea 6 September 2023 - 14:15 On the instructions of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a conversation with Director of the Office of National Security under the President of the Republic of Korea Cho Tae-yong. Andriy Yermak delivered a video address on the occasion of the opening of the Russian War Crimes exhibition in Berlin 5 September 2023 - 21:25 In his video message, Andriy Yermak once again emphasized the importance of adhering to the Peace Formula proposed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and bringing Russia to justice for war crimes. Head of President's Office had a telephone conversation with US President's national security advisor 2 September 2023 - 08:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, as part of the continuous dialogue with the allies, had a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine