1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233340/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=72 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Any issues related to end of war in Ukraine should be discussed in public – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 November 2022 - 20:39 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that any issues related to negotiations on the end of the war in Ukraine should be brought to a public plane, and our country has already voiced its proposals for establishing peace at the G20 summit. The Head of State said this at a meeting with media representatives on the occasion of the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers. Head of State meets with Vice President of World Bank 16 November 2022 - 18:29 The President expressed his gratitude to the World Bank and its management for the quick response to Ukraine's needs from the first days of the full-scale war, to threats to economic and macro-financial stability, and the budget deficit. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 November 2022 - 14:31 The parties analyzed information on the nature of damage caused by recent Russian missile strikes and considered the course of action to eliminate the consequences of these terrorist attacks. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands 15 November 2022 - 23:31 The Head of State highly appreciated the consistent support for Ukraine from the government of the Netherlands and the personal efforts of Prime Minister Mark Rutte to counter Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on stabilization measures in the de-occupied Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 18:27 In Mykolaiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy also visited the humanitarian headquarters that operates under the RMA and has been providing assistance to people in need since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. President of Ukraine presented state awards to the Ukrainian servicemen who liberated the Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 17:12 As part of a working trip to the de-occupied part of the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the servicemen who distinguished themselves during the liberation of Kherson and the region. Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and we will go a difficult path to victory - President in Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:48 Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and despite the hard battles and the high price of victory, our state will go this difficult path. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Kherson. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in hoisting the State Flag of Ukraine in liberated Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:21 During a working trip to the de-occupied Kherson, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of hoisting the State Flag on the central square of the city. Volodymyr Zelenskyy delivered a video message on the implementation of the EU Solidarity Lanes Initiative 11 November 2022 - 21:58 In his address, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the entire united Europe for the constant support that Ukraine has been receiving since the first hours of the Russian invasion. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania 11 November 2022 - 17:01 The Head of State thanked the Republic of Lithuania for consistent political, financial, humanitarian support and defense assistance to our country since the first days of the full-scale war with Russia. 1 2 ... 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine