41 captures 10 Jul 2019 - 13 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220217223333/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-pidpisav-ukaz-shodo-rozvitku-chornobilskoyi-z-56321 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an urgent phone conversation with the President of the European Council 17 February 2022 - 14:49 President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the Head of State to Donbas 16 February 2022 - 18:32 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State signed a decree on the development of the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone 10 July 2019 - 16:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a Decree “On certain issues of the development of territories affected by radioactive contamination as a result of the Chernobyl disaster”. It was stated by the President during his visit to Chernobyl on July 10. "The Decree will begin the transformation of the Exclusion Zone into one of the growth points of a new Ukraine. First of all, we will create a "green corridor" for tourists and remove preconditions for corruption," the President noted during his visit to Chernobyl on July 10. The document envisages, in particular, the development and adoption of the Chernobyl Development Strategy as a tourist attraction. In addition, according to the Decree, new tourist routes, including waterways, will be developed, new checkpoints will be built, and the existing ones will be restored and upgraded. Groundless restrictions and prohibitions, such as prohibition to shoot a video, will be abolished. Due to the interaction of mobile providers, communication will be improved in the Chernobyl zone. Also, Ukraine will promote tourist Chernobyl during international events. "We must give this territory of Ukraine a new life. Until now, Chernobyl was a negative part of Ukraine's brand. It's time to change it. Chernobyl is a unique place on the planet where nature revives after a global man-made disaster, where there is a real "ghost town". We have to show this place to the world: scientists, ecologists, historians, tourists," the Head of State emphasized. At the same time, the decree obliges officials and law enforcement agencies to coordinate visits to the Chernobyl zone within three calendar days through the electronic cabinet. Available electronic tickets will be synchronized. If there are grounds for denying a visit, a person will know about it on the eve, not on the checkpoint. "Unfortunately, the exclusion zone is also a symbol of corruption in Ukraine. These are bribes that security officials collect from tourists, the illegal export of scrap and the use of natural resources. We will stop all this very soon. Let's finally stop scaring off tourists and turn the exclusion zone into a scientific and upcoming tourist magnet. Let's make it a land of freedom that will become one of the symbols of a new Ukraine. Without corruption. Without unnecessary prohibitions," Volodymyr Zelenskyy urged. In addition, Ukraine plans to provide an opportunity for its partners from the EU and NATO to organize trainings for preventing and eliminating accidents in the Chernobyl zone. ph President’s trip to Chernobyl, Chernobyl NPP specialized enterprise and Pripyat 10 July 2019 - 17:52 ph President’s trip to Chernobyl, Chernobyl NPP specialized enterprise and Pripyat 10 July 2019 - 17:52 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine