5 captures 29 Sep 2021 - 24 Feb 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071115/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-zasidanni-rnbo-pid-golovuvannyam-prezidenta-rozglyanuto-p-68845 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events At the NSDC meeting chaired by the President, the issues of deepening Ukraine's integration with NATO and creation of a unified system for national security management were considered 4 June 2021 - 19:01 The meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine (NSDC) was held under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The parties addressed the issues of deepening Ukraine's integration with NATO, testing the system of counter-terrorism and the development of the aircraft industry. The agenda of the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council contained eight issues. In particular, pursuant to the instruction of the Head of State, which he gave on April 27, during a working trip to the Kherson region, members of the National Security and Defense Council considered additional security at the administrative border with the temporarily occupied territory of Crimea, as well as in Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, Odesa, Mykolaiv and Donetsk regions. In addition, members of the National Security and Defense Council considered urgent measures to deepen Ukraine's integration into NATO. As the Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov noted at the briefing following the meeting of the Council, these issues were considered in secret, and all the necessary decisions were made unanimously. Members of the National Security and Defense Council also heard a report by the Deputy Head of the Security Service of Ukraine on a review of the nationwide counter-terrorism system. Another issue considered was the improvement of the network of situational centers and the digital transformation in the field of national security and defense. As Oleksiy Danilov explained, a single system for managing national security will be created throughout Ukraine. Also a decision was made on the development of the domestic aircraft industry in the coming years. In addition, the participants of the meeting heard information about the water resources of the state and the issue of providing the population with quality drinking water. In particular, they discussed the reconstruction of the Bortnychi aeration station and the provision of quality drinking water to the southern regions of Ukraine. According to Oleksiy Danilov, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy was dissatisfied with the preparation of this issue, so its consideration was postponed to the next meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. In addition, members of the National Security and Defense Council agreed on the deployment of personnel for Ukraine's participation in the UN mission to stabilize the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. During the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, reports on the implementation of a number of previous decisions of the National Security and Defense Council were heard. In particular, today the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs reported on the imposition of sanctions on so-called thieves in law and other representatives of criminal circles. It was reported that at the beginning of 2021 there were 34 people in Ukraine who had the status of "thief in law". After the imposition of restrictive measures, there were 17 left, and today - none. Of the 111 crime bosses that were in Ukraine and faced the sanctions of the National Security and Defense Council, today, according to the report of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, 36 have been deported. 42 people remain in Ukraine, of which 33 are under investigation. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov stressed that no random person can be included in the sanctions lists, as they are carefully checked and verified, in particular together with international partners. Also at today's meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, instructions were given to the leadership of the State Service of Geology and Subsoil of Ukraine and the Customs Service to implement the decisions of the National Security and Defense Council on combating smuggling and the state of subsoil use. The members of the National Security and Defense Council considered the implementation of the previous decision on the use of state facilities in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya. According to Oleksiy Danilov, today the first 20 people are in the process of leaving their estates. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smirnov reported on the implementation of the decision of the National Security and Defense Council on the draft law "On prevention of threats to national security related to the excessive influence of persons who have significant economic or political influence in public life (oligarchs)". The document has already been registered in parliament. At the same time, as Oleksiy Danilov noted, the authorities responsible for preparing this document have been instructed to intensify their work, as the bill initiated by the President will pave the way for the adoption of other regulations to eliminate the oligarchic system in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy instructed to prepare drafts of these documents within two weeks. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine