8 captures 09 Jan 2024 - 11 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240109204134/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-margot-valstrem-proveli-pyate-zasidannya-miz-88149 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every aspect of logistics in the army needs to be expedited – address by the President of Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 19:33 View all videos n latest news Every aspect of logistics in the army needs to be expedited – address by the President of Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 19:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Alexander De Croo discussed support for Ukraine's European integration during Belgium's presidency of the Council of the European Union 9 January 2024 - 19:12 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of Poland: Our common border should be a border of unity 9 January 2024 - 18:24 Presidents of Ukraine and Romania discussed economic cooperation and defense support for Ukraine 9 January 2024 - 17:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 230 Ukrainian warriors and civilians from Russian captivity 3 January 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Margot Wallström held the fifth meeting of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War 8 January 2024 - 21:38 The fifth meeting of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War was co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former Deputy Prime Minister, former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sweden Margot Wallström. The event was also attended by: Vice-President of the European Parliament and former Minister for International Development of Finland Heidi Hautala, Chair of The Elders, former President of Ireland and former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson, Co-Chair of the International Resource Panel of the United Nations Environment Programme, former Minister of Environment of Brazil Izabella Teixeira, representative of the European Union Commissioner for Environment, Oceans and Fisheries Arūnas Ribokas, Member of the Swedish Parliament Rebecka Le Moine, former Member of Parliament of the Åland Islands, member of the Ecocide Alliance Simon Holmström, and environmental activist Greta Thunberg. On the Ukrainian side, the meeting was attended by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko, Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin, Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources Ruslan Strilets, and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Oleksandr Bevz. Opening the meeting, Andriy Yermak emphasized that Ukraine faced the New Year under massive Russian shelling. "This horrific, unprovoked and very brutal war continues to kill our people, civilians and military, and to damage the environment. All of these attacks are causing enormous damage. For example, after the latest attack, the air quality in Kyiv has deteriorated significantly due to the high concentration of combustion products, chemicals and dust. The estimated environmental damage exceeded 56 billion euros with more than 3,300 documented court cases," said the Head of the Presidential Office. He noted that Ukraine is determined to be one of the first countries in the world to bring the aggressor to justice for environmental damage. Andriy Yermak thanked the representatives of the International Working Group for their significant work on the Environmental Compact for Ukraine. In particular, the Head of the President's Office noted the leadership of the Co-Chair of the International Working Group, Margot Wallström, in elaborating the document. "This document should serve as a guide to combat the negative impact of war on nature. Not only for Ukraine, but also for the world," he emphasized. Andriy Yermak invited the representatives of the International Working Group to Ukraine for a public presentation of the compact and its official presentation to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "The most difficult task ahead is the implementation of the compact both in Ukraine and abroad. And here we will be very grateful for your expertise and dedication. I will be glad to meet you in Kyiv and decide together on further forms of cooperation," he said. The Head of the President's Office informed the interlocutors of the upcoming meeting of national security advisors and political advisors to the heads of state on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula to be held in Davos. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the following points of the Formula are to be discussed during the meeting: withdrawal of Russian troops, restoration of justice, ecological safety, security commitments and prevention of escalation, confirmation of the end of the war. "This year will not be easy. But this year can be a transformative and crucial one. We have a lot of work to do, and the environmental aspect remains our top priority. I thank you for your dedication and urge you to continue your efforts," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Margot Wallström, former Deputy Prime Minister and former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sweden, reminded that the provisions of the Environmental Compact are part of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. "First of all, this compact describes the current state of affairs: the diversity and richness of Ukraine's nature, as well as the devastation of the war," she said. Also, according to Margot Wallström, the Environmental Compact will contain a unified approach to assessing the environmental impact of the Russian war in Ukraine, define approaches to compensation for the damage caused, and proposals for "green" environmental recovery. “46 recommendations have been formulated. They are directed both to Ukraine and to the international community. Many of them have to do with increasing capacity, with organization and steering of the different processes. Some concern strategy and priorities. Some are directed to organizations, partners, and governments, and they are about policy decisions and technical assistance overall,” Margot Wallström said. She also emphasized the importance of cooperation with the Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine in recording environmental crimes of the Russian Federation. The former Deputy Prime Minister thanked all Ukrainian and international experts, as well as representatives of the Ukrainian authorities involved in the work on this document. Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin emphasized that 280 criminal cases of ecocide and environmental war crimes are currently under investigation, and the Russian aggressor must be held accountable for these crimes. He emphasized the importance of taking into account the environmental, scientific and legal aspects of the war's environmental consequences. Andriy Kostin emphasized that the Prosecutor General's Office, together with international experts, has developed a draft strategic action plan, which, in particular, contains recommendations for the implementation of the Peace Formula and the Environmental Compact for Ukraine. The Prosecutor General noted that today it is important to unite the efforts of international organizations, business, and the public to effectively implement the recommendations of the Environmental Compact at both the national and global levels. First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko emphasized that Russian aggression is destroying global progress in climate protection. In particular, the aggressor's actions are killing animals, destroying forests, ecosystems, natural resources, and such significant infrastructure as the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam. "Russia must be held fully accountable for these horrific acts," she emphasized. The First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy emphasized the importance of collecting evidence of the crimes committed by Russia against the environment of Ukraine, bringing the aggressor to justice, as well as demining and restoring the territories of our country. Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources Ruslan Strilets emphasized that Ukraine suffered losses worth $400,000 due to air pollution caused by Russian shelling on December 29 and January 2. According to him, more than 5 thousand tons of CO2 were released into the air. Ruslan Strilets noted that inspectors continue to record the damage caused to the Ukrainian environment by the Russian occupiers. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine