5 captures 21 Dec 2024 - 09 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241221183924/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/govoryat-ti-sho-sluhali-vichnist-na-teritoriyi-sofiyi-kiyivs-95141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Will Definitely Continue to Strike Russian Military Targets Used in The Terror Against Our People – Address by the President 21 December 2024 - 18:33 View all videos n latest news We Will Definitely Continue to Strike Russian Military Targets Used in The Terror Against Our People – Address by the President 21 December 2024 - 18:26 Continued Assistance to Ukraine and Steps Toward a Just Peace: The Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with Austrian Diplomat 21 December 2024 - 13:55 The President Met with the Lithuanian Prime Minister and His Government in Its Entirety 20 December 2024 - 20:47 Ukraine and the UN Discussed Gross Violations of Ukrainian Children's Rights Caused by Russian Aggression 20 December 2024 - 20:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented State Awards on the Eve of Energy Workers' Day 20 December 2024 - 13:25 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife “Speaking Are Those Who Have Listened to Eternity”: a Performance Organized by the Olena Zelenska Foundation Was Presented at St. Sophia Cathedral 20 December 2024 - 20:10 An interactive free performance organized by the Olena Zelenska Foundation has been presented at the National Conservation Area “Saint Sophia of Kyiv.” On December 20-29, a fairy tale will come to life for children and adults, combining the historical atmosphere with the Christmas spirit. The immersive show will take the audience back to the times of Kyivan Rus. St. Sophia of Kyiv will use 3D technology to tell stories with graffiti left by our ancestors. The entire journey through the times of Kyivan Rus is accompanied by live acting, choral singing, lighting and special sound effects. The audience will be provided with sound-tracked headphones for maximum immersion in the period atmosphere. “This is an incredibly warm family performance. It really helps you feel the magic of Christmas and the unity with our ancestors at the same time. This journey also delves into interesting historical facts. I hope that the event created by our Foundation will bring children not only joy, but also a passion for history and culture,” Olena Zelenska said. Over 3,600 children and adults will have the opportunity to watch the performance within 10 days. The Olena Zelenska Foundation arranged a special visit for foster and large foster families from the Kyiv region, as well as for children taken care of by NGOs. “This year, we decided to bring joy to children with the help of a bright Christmas show. That's how we came up with the idea of creating a festive interactive performance that would entertain both children and adults. “Speaking Are Those Who Have Listened to Eternity” is a play about good and evil, courage and love. We are grateful to the creative team and our partners who supported the idea and helped bring it to life,” said Nina Horbachova, CEO of the Foundation. The organizer of the performance – the Olena Zelenska Foundation. With the support of Sense Bank. The director – Olena Koliadenko. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine