5 captures 16 Apr 2020 - 15 Jun 2024 May JUN Jul 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240615024549/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bilshist-ukrayinciv-pidtrimuyut-karantinni-zahodi-ale-pik-za-60561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:58 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: School Nutrition Reform is a Part of Our Country's Recovery 14 June 2024 - 18:48 The President Met with Pope Francis 14 June 2024 - 15:19 The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of India Discussed Bilateral Relations and Trade Expansion 14 June 2024 - 15:05 On the Eve of the Global Peace Summit, a Series of Events Within the Bring Kids Back UA Initiative Took Place in Brussels 14 June 2024 - 13:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy to Participate in the G7 Special Meeting 13 June 2024 - 17:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Most Ukrainians support quarantine measures, but the peak of disease incidence is still ahead - President 9 April 2020 - 13:34 Most Ukrainians support quarantine measures and the Easter at Home project, when worship services will be broadcasted. This was discussed at a traditional meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy aimed to fight coronavirus. In particular, up to 70% of Ukrainian citizens support quarantine and only 3% plan to go to church. “It is great that Ukrainians are so responsible, and most citizens are aware of the high risks of the epidemic. After all, the peak is still ahead. Therefore, every effort should be made to prevent even 3% of believers from taking the risk,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. To help people celebrate Easter at home, Ukrposhta is taking the orders for the free delivery of consecrated Paskha. According to Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy, several hundred orders have already been taken and new ones are constantly coming. It was also reported that three more planes arrived in Ukraine from China with special means for combating coronavirus. The delivered medical equipment will be distributed not only to the hub hospitals, but also to the large retail chains. The parties decided to monitor the availability of masks in pharmacy chains. In the absence of these basic protection means in the pharmacies, administrative measures will be taken. In addition, Minister of the Interior Arsen Avakov reported that the number of Ukrainians who use protection means has increased significantly. 89% of people answered positively to the question of whether they use protection means, and 50% say they use disinfectants. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine