7 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 15 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129080929/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=172 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We managed to liberate Ukrainian paramedic Yulia “Tayra” Payevska from captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 17 June 2022 - 21:32 Ukraine's European integration is not something purely political, not something detached from the lives of ordinary people. On the contrary. The closer we are to other European countries, the more opportunities we will have to guarantee all Ukrainians a modern and prosperous life. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson visited St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery and had a walk in Mykhailivs'ka Square 17 June 2022 - 20:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson also laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance for the Deceased for Ukraine. They honored the memory of the fallen heroes with a moment of silence. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv for the second time during a full-scale war 17 June 2022 - 18:14 According to the President of Ukraine, the talks were as substantive as possible, filled with important details. Among the key issues are bilateral relations and the overall situation in Europe and the world. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the European Policy Advisor to the Federal Chancellor of Germany 17 June 2022 - 16:27 Ihor Zhovkva thanked the German side for the strong political support shown by Federal Chancellor Olaf Scholz during his visit to Ukraine on Thursday. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President emphasized the importance of Germany's support for granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for accession to the European Union. Both Ukraine and the Western Balkans are equally interested in a united Europe - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the Prespa Forum Dialogue 17 June 2022 - 09:45 By answering us about our European perspective and by answering you about your European perspective, the nations of Europe and European politicians are answering questions about the future of Europe. It was important to hear from the EU leaders that the end of the war and peace for Ukraine must be exactly as our people see them - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2022 - 22:17 Ukraine has felt the support of four powerful European states at once. And in particular support for our movement to the European Union. Italy, Romania, France and Germany are with us. All four leaders - Mr. Draghi, Mr. Iohannis, Mr. Macron and Mr. Scholz - support Ukraine's candidacy. Granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership can be an important decision in the history of Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2022 - 20:32 Granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union can significantly strengthen freedom in Europe and become an important successful decision on its historical path. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with the Presidents of France and Romania, as well as the Prime Minister of Italy and the Chancellor of Germany in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leaders of Germany, France, Romania and Italy in Kyiv 16 June 2022 - 20:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of France Emmanuel Macron, Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz, President of Romania Klaus Iohannis and Prime Minister of Italy Mario Draghi, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. Olena Zelenska called on the EU to grant Ukraine status of a candidate for membership 16 June 2022 - 13:50 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke online at the international conference WomenNOW, which is taking place for the fourth time in the Spanish capital Madrid. Every day we are fighting for Ukraine to receive the necessary weapons and equipment, but the courage, wisdom and tactical skills of our heroes cannot be imported - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 June 2022 - 22:46 Foreign policy has been a priority since the morning. In two vital areas at once - defense and Europe. 1 2 ... 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine