1 capture 29 Jun 2023 May JUN Jul 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230629141049/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-30-rokiv-ukrayinskij-narod-durili-shodo-zemelnoyi-ref-64785?fbclid=IwAR0FLLR9HvxoqgrOC544U8cD1sacCPiCp6L4DFeLLw2Tny6evGAAxP_c5o0 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia and its accomplices must feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - address by the President of Ukraine 28 June 2023 - 22:53 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 29 June 2023 - 09:34 Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed the main directions of transformation that Ukraine should implement in a decade 29 June 2023 - 00:26 As a full member of NATO, Ukraine will guarantee that peace and freedom will prevail in our region – Head of State, presenting the guidelines of the Ukrainian Doctrine 28 June 2023 - 23:41 Russia and its accomplices must feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - address by the President of Ukraine 28 June 2023 - 22:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 17:13 Go to all galleries Home News Current events For almost 30 years, the Ukrainian people have been fooled about land reform, 5 million hectares have been stolen during this period - President in an interview for Ukrainian TV channels 22 October 2020 - 17:31 For many years, politicians of the older generation have been frightening the Ukrainian people with land reform, denying people the right to freely dispose of their land. During this time, of 7 million hectares of state-owned agricultural land, just over 2 million hectares remained, and another 5 million hectares were simply stolen. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the interview "Autumn 2020: Victories and Challenges" for four Ukrainian TV channels. The Head of State reminded that last week he signed a decree on the transfer of more than 2 million hectares of agricultural land from state to communal ownership, and now the united territorial communities will be able to direct land use funds to their development - building roads, repairing schools and kindergartens. "We managed to transfer 2 million hectares to UTCs by my decree. And now they will be responsible for the use of this land, for filling the local budget. And this is right," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. He noted that for almost 30 years, Ukrainian politicians have opposed the introduction of free circulation of land and lied to the people that they were allegedly protecting Ukraine's fertile chernozem from being sold to foreigners. But in reality, they stole this land through "gray" schemes. "We analyzed how they "brainwashed" people about land reform. Then we changed the Head of the State Geocadastre, which immediately revealed all the figures - 5 million hectares were stolen. There are just over 2 million hectares of land left. There were a total of 7 million hectares. Where are the other five? They were stolen," the President said. According to him, some of the people involved in the theft of agricultural land are still in the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine. Land lobbyists also opposed the introduction of the land market. "They did not want us to carry out land reform. And what's wrong with giving people the opportunity to dispose of the land?” the Head of State remarked. He stressed that he felt this huge opposition to the reform during the appointment of Roman Leshchenko as the Head of the State Service of Ukraine for Geodesy, Cartography and Cadastre. "Even simply appointing him Head of the State Geocadastre was difficult - daily threats, some calls," the President added. The Head of State reminded that the opening of the land market and giving people the right to freely dispose of their land plots was in his election program. Therefore, despite the efforts of lobbyists, on March 31, the Verkhovna Rada passed a law on the circulation of agricultural land, which provides for the right to purchase land to Ukrainians from July 2021. Also on May 6, the law on the National Infrastructure of Geospatial Data was signed, which will allow organizing the registers of natural resources of Ukraine, and on July 22 the law on spatial planning of the communities’ territories was signed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine