6 captures 05 Oct 2020 - 10 Jun 2024 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610082228/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/leonid-kravchuk-mi-ne-v-srsr-i-ne-pid-kremlem-ukrayina-nezal-64133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 We Have Already Reached Agreements with Partners on Additional Air Defense Systems for Ukraine – Address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 20:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Leonid Kravchuk: We are not in the USSR and not under the Kremlin. Ukraine is an independent state that will not allow to dictate any conditions to it 30 September 2020 - 21:09 A regular meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group (TCG) was held via video conference with the participation of the delegations of Ukraine and the Russian Federation, and under the OSCE moderation. The discussion of procedural issues lasted for about four hours, which, however, did not allow to proceed immediately to the consideration of the issues on the agenda of the meeting. "Do not block the negotiation process and focus on the issues the solution of which Ukrainian citizens are interested in," Leonid Kravchuk, Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group, urged authorized representative of the Russian Federation Boris Gryzlov at the beginning of the meeting. According to him, "the parties should work on the implementation of the decisions of the heads of state of the Normandy format reached during the Paris summit bringing closer peace long-awaited by people". Leonid Kravchuk, in particular, stressed that the Ukrainian delegation is ready to work constructively to address the issues on the agenda of the TCG. The Head of the Ukrainian delegation called not to create "stumbling blocks", but to "move forward, focusing on strengthening the ceasefire, the release of detainees and the solution of problems, which ordinary people are interested in”. Addressing Boris Gryzlov, Leonid Kravchuk stated: “Do not issue us ultimatums. We are not in the USSR and not under the Kremlin. Ukraine is an independent state that will not allow to dictate any conditions to it!”. The Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group also thanked Special Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office in Ukraine and the TCG Heidi Grau for the Organization's efforts to achieve peace and restore Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine