4 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 07 Aug 2025 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213120844/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – May Our Collective Work Under the Victory Plan Result in Peace for Ukraine as Soon as Possible – Speech by the President in the Verkhovna Rada 16 October 2024 - 12:28 Russia must permanently lose control over Ukraine and even the desire for such control. All these possibilities. Joint Document on the Peace Formula Implementation Will Be Prepared in November – Andriy Yermak at the Meeting with G20 Ambassadors 15 October 2024 - 21:30 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and Minister for Foreign Affairs Andrii Sybiha met with ambassadors of the G20 countries to Ukraine. The event focused on the implementation process of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. No Matter What Happens in the World, Ukraine Will Be Strong; This Is the Most Important Thing – Address by the President 15 October 2024 - 18:45 Today, I held a meeting of the Staff – an Energy Staff – to discuss all the key issues of winterization and the protection of energy facilities. Each service and all institutions have clear tasks. Reports were provided on each level of energy system protection. Ukraine's First Handbook on Life after Spinal Cord Injury Was Presented in Kyiv 15 October 2024 - 17:02 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska together with Minister of Health Viktor Liashko took part in the presentation of the handbook “SPINALIS. A New Page of Life with Spinal Cord Injury,” which was held during the visit of the Swedish delegation to Kyiv. The Fourth Thematic Conference Following the Peace Summit Was Dedicated to the Peace Formula Point on Preventing Escalation of the War 14 October 2024 - 21:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a thematic online conference dedicated to Point 9 of the Peace Formula "Preventing escalation of war and repetition of aggression." The President Met with the Cross-Party Delegation of the Parliament of Canada 14 October 2024 - 19:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with a cross-party delegation of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Canada led by Speaker Greg Fergus. This Week, We Will Present to All Our Partners in Europe Our Strategy for Compelling Russia to Bring This War to a Just End – Address by the President 14 October 2024 - 18:48 Of course, the Victory Plan will be made public. Moreover, along with the initial response we have received from our partners. And all of us in Ukraine really need maximum support. We Need to Act Right Now to Prevent Russia and Its Accomplices from Adapting to Our Capabilities – Address by the President 13 October 2024 - 20:22 Now we are already preparing for new negotiations that will take place this week. We will continue to present our strategy for forcing Russia into peace to our European partners. This Week, We Added New Arms Agreements for Ukraine – Address by the President 12 October 2024 - 20:44 I thank every partner of Ukraine who has already invested in our Ukraine's defense industry. Thanks to such investments we have already significantly increased our production, especially of drones. Financial Support to Ukraine and Reconstruction of the Chernihiv Region: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Federal President of Germany 11 October 2024 - 20:07 In Berlin, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal President of Germany Frank-Walter Steinmeier. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine