7 captures 09 Dec 2023 - 06 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231209012902/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chuzha-agresiya-ne-zrobit-nas-zhorstokimi-bo-mi-trimayemosya-87133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are working as hard as possible with partners to enhance Ukrainian air defense – address by the President of Ukraine 8 December 2023 - 21:15 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discussed Ukrainian-French contacts in the near future with French delegation 8 December 2023 - 23:02 Olena Zelenska: the returned children should see the best conditions and opportunities in their homeland 8 December 2023 - 22:53 We are working as hard as possible with partners to enhance Ukrainian air defense – address by the President of Ukraine 8 December 2023 - 21:22 Russia is attempting to sever any connection children have with Ukraine; swift actions are needed to bring them back home – President at the inaugural meeting of the International Coalition for the return of Ukrainian children 8 December 2023 - 18:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the ceremony of lighting Hanukkah candles 7 December 2023 - 17:34 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Foreign aggression will not make us cruel, as we hold on to human values - Olena Zelenska in an interview with African media 19 November 2023 - 15:35 Ukrainians will manage to endure the hardships of wartime and continue to develop by holding on to the human values we are currently defending. This was stated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with African media. Media from Angola, Botswana, Tunisia, the Republic of Guinea, Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, Senegal, South Africa, and Zambia were represented at the meeting in Kyiv. "All of us in Ukraine hope that the war will remain just an episode in our lives. Foreign aggression will not make us cruel, as we hold on to human values. We will manage to endure everything and continue to develop if we keep it in us," she said. The President's wife also spoke about the abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia. "So far, we have managed to return 386 children. Each time it was a unique special operation. Mostly, these are children who managed to somehow provide information about themselves and their whereabouts, teenage children who were able to use, for example, the telephone. Because the abductors do not make contact, and we cannot believe their information," the First Lady said and reminded that Russia had abducted more than 19,000 Ukrainian children. In addition, Olena Zelenska emphasized the importance of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, as 90% of Ukrainians are currently experiencing stress due to the war. According to her, it is important to protect not only people, but also culture from Russian destruction. "For many centuries, Ukraine has been influenced by the empire. A lot of work is needed to decolonize culture, to return the names of our artists who were appropriated by Russia," the President's wife said. The First Lady also thanked the journalists for their personal visit to our country. "You have made the most important step - you have come to Ukraine," Olena Zelenska emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine