6 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 13 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003153109/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/klyuchova-nasha-meta-ce-povnocinne-chlenstvo-ukrayini-v-alya-93653 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now, in All Areas and at All Levels, We Are Preparing Maximum Results for the State for this Fall – Address by the President 2 October 2024 - 20:12 View all videos n latest news Our Key Goal is Ukraine’s Full Membership in the Alliance – President at the Meeting with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 Winterization, Protection of Energy Facilities and Construction of School Shelters: the President Met with the USAID Administrator 2 October 2024 - 20:31 Now, in All Areas and at All Levels, We Are Preparing Maximum Results for the State for this Fall – Address by the President 2 October 2024 - 20:10 The President Met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine and Thanked Him for Strengthening Bilateral Relations 2 October 2024 - 19:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Our Key Goal is Ukraine’s Full Membership in the Alliance – President at the Meeting with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 Ukraine’s priorities include joining NATO, implementing the decisions of the Alliance's Washington Summit, and jointly intercepting Russian missiles and drones. This was the focus of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s discussion with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte during their meeting in Kyiv. This is Mark Rutte’s first foreign visit as the leader of the North Atlantic Alliance. President Zelenskyy noted that this visit immediately clearly outlines the current priorities, indicating where the defense of shared Euro-Atlantic values is taking place right now. “Our key goal is Ukraine’s full NATO membership. Ukraine can become the thirty-third member of NATO. Ukrainians deserve this,” said the President. During the meeting, the parties thoroughly discussed the prospects for cooperation, the Victory Plan and the feasibility of Ukraine's approach to a just end to the war, the situation on the battlefield, and the needs of our units, including weapons and brigade staffing. “Ukraine needs to strengthen its positions on the frontline so that we can increase pressure on Russia for the sake of fair, real diplomacy. That is why we need a sufficient quantity and quality of weapons, including long-range weapons, the provision of which, in my opinion, is being delayed by our partners,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. A separate focus of the discussion was Ukraine’s air defense needs. It is crucial for Ukraine that all air defense agreements, including those reached at the NATO Summit in Washington this July, are implemented before winter begins. Additionally, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mark Rutte discussed additional cooperation with neighboring countries, drawing on examples from the Middle East. “Jointly intercepting Iranian missiles is no different from jointly intercepting Russian missiles, and especially "Shaheds," which link the Russian and Iranian regimes. What we need in our region is more determination from our partners to put an end to Russian terror,” the President emphasized. Mark Rutte noted that, as NATO Secretary General, he will do everything possible to increase support for Ukraine. “Your security matters for ours. Your fight for freedom reflects our core principles and values,” he said. According to the NATO Secretary General, member states of the Alliance plan to boost their own defense capabilities and strengthen Ukraine’s defense industry. “Ukraine is closer to NATO than ever before. And we will continue on this path until you become a member of our Alliance. I very much look forward to that day,” said Mark Rutte. ph Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 ph Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine