7 captures 02 Oct 2024 - 12 Sep 2025 Sep OCT Nov 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241002150139/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-uzyav-uchast-u-plenarnomu-zasidanni-mizhnarodn-93629 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Took Part in Plenary Session of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 2 October 2024 - 11:34 The President Met with Leaders of the World’s Top Defense Companies 2 October 2024 - 11:06 Thanks to its Defense Industries, Ukraine Is Set to Become One of the Key Global Contributors to Security – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 October 2024 - 20:09 Ukraine Can and Will Create the Best Weapons – President's Speech at the Second International Defense Industries Forum 1 October 2024 - 19:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Took Part in Plenary Session of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 2 October 2024 - 11:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak delivered a video address to open the third meeting of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children. Among the participants were representatives from coalition member countries, Ukrainian authorities, and international organizations. Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of the coalition’s work, which is part of the implementation of the fourth point of the Peace Formula, "The Release of Prisoners and Deported Persons." "Today, we can talk not only about our goals but also about the coalition's results over the past six months. I thank everyone who has refused to stand by while our children remain in Russian captivity," said the Head of the President's Office. Ukrainian Parliament Commissioner for Human Rights Dmytro Lubinets stressed the need to intensify international pressure on Russia to expedite the return of Ukrainian children. "Ukraine is ready and eager to bring all the children home, but for this, we need international support. Only by working together can we succeed in this incredibly important mission," noted Dmytro Lubinets. Participants reviewed the coalition’s achievements over the past six months. Member countries also presented projects supporting Ukraine in the return and reintegration of the children. For instance, the Netherlands is assisting with the creation of a DNA database to identify and return Ukrainian children in the long term. Additionally, with the support of the UNDP, Ukrainian police are being trained to use DNA devices. The United States facilitates the work of the Yale Conflict Observatory, which conducts important analytical research on the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children to Russia, documenting and exposing Russia’s war crimes. The UK and other nations, through the Partnership Fund for a Resilient Ukraine, continue to support the Bring Kids Back UA Task Force’s activities and assist in running information campaigns in countries across the Global South. Latvia organized summer camps for the psychological rehabilitation of about 600 Ukrainian children affected by the war. Estonia is helping gather data on deported children and offers opportunities for their rehabilitation. The European Union, as part of President Zelenskyy's Bring Kids Back UA initiative, is working to raise awareness about the deportation of Ukrainian children and strengthen sanctions. In total, sanctions have already been imposed on over 60 individuals and organizations, including Russian officials, namely Commissioner for Children's Rights Maria Lvova-Belova. Germany is supporting rehabilitation and psychosocial assistance programs for Ukrainian children. Additionally, the parties discussed preparations for a thematic conference on the Peace Formula point regarding the release of all prisoners and deported Ukrainians, which will take place on October 30–31 in Canada. Following the meeting, Ukraine and Canada approved a Joint Statement from the coalition co-chairs, the text of which is provided below. Joint Statement by co-chairs of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children, Ukraine and Canada, following the Third Plenary Meeting - pdf - 101.79 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine