8 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 12 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233349/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cinuyemo-rishennya-kanadi-priyednatisya-do-pidgotovki-ukrayi-85845 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We appreciate Canada's decision to join the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Justin Trudeau in Ottawa 23 September 2023 - 01:15 During his working visit to Canada, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. The Head of State expressed gratitude to the Prime Minister of Canada for supporting Ukraine and Ukrainians. Since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, Canada has provided our country with over 8 billion Canadian dollars and trained almost 40 thousand Ukrainian servicemen in the framework of Operation UNIFIER. "During this war, and in various other times, our state and our people have received from Canada only respect, only a desire to help, only trust. And please know: we appreciate this attitude, we are grateful to you. Ukraine will definitely remember this," the President said during a conversation with media representatives following the negotiations with Justin Trudeau in Ottawa. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that when Ukraine wins, it will be a joint victory with Canada, with all friends and partners, and with the free world. In the course of the negotiations, the parties discussed defense cooperation. The Head of State noted Canada's leadership in humanitarian demining and expressed hope that with Canadian support, the task of clearing the entire Ukrainian land of mines and unexploded ordnance would be realized. "I really appreciate Canada's decision to join the F-16 pilot training program. Thank you, Justin. Today we discussed in detail the reinforcement of our sky shield. I thanked the Prime Minister for his government's decision to purchase a new batch of missiles for Ukraine's air defense systems. This is a very timely decision given the daily Russian attacks with missiles and Iranian "Shaheds" against our cities, our people, our civilian infrastructure," the President said. In addition, today Ukraine received a new defense support package from Canada, which includes armored fighting vehicles and armored evacuation vehicles necessary to save the lives of wounded soldiers. The meeting also focused on cooperation between Ukraine and Canada in the military industry, including joint arms production. "We look forward to the participation of Canadian companies in the first Defense Industries Forum to be held in Ukraine shortly," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He noted that the updated Free Trade Agreement signed today will serve as a basis for rebuilding Ukraine. The President emphasized Canada's readiness to continue sanctions pressure on Russia to prevent it from increasing its financing of aggression. The parties also discussed various aspects of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular the points related to justice: convicting Russia for aggression and compensating for all the damage it caused. The Head of State thanked Canada for supporting the organization of the Global Peace Summit. "I am also grateful for the leadership in the work on security guarantees for Ukraine for the period before joining NATO. Our teams are working on the preparation of a bilateral document on security guarantees," he emphasized. In conclusion, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Canada and its government for the fact that the Ukrainian culture and community in this country are always on a par with all other communities and cultures and feel respected. For his part, Justin Trudeau announced the allocation of 650 million Canadian dollars in military aid to Ukraine over the next three years. He confirmed that Canada would provide instructors to train pilots on F-16s and help with tank maintenance. In addition, Ukraine will receive 35 drones with hi-res cameras, armored vehicles, and ammunition. It was also confirmed that Canada will make a financial contribution to the creation of a consortium for the transfer of military equipment to Ukraine and will provide significant macroeconomic assistance to our country in the 2024 fiscal year. Justin Trudeau assured: Canada will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine