9 captures 24 Dec 2023 - 12 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231224172527/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-na-rizdvyanih-chitannyah-v-ohmatditi-bazhayu-87977 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Christmas address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 December 2023 - 17:00 View all videos n latest news Christmas address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 December 2023 - 17:00 Olena Zelenska at the Christmas readings at Okhmatdyt: I wish everyone to find their own keys to strength – reliable and inexhaustible 24 December 2023 - 16:17 The eve of Christmas is culminating this week, the week that made our Ukraine stronger – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 December 2023 - 20:12 Olena Zelenska Foundation greeted all foster families in Ukraine as part of the 'Christmas at the Doorstep' initiative 23 December 2023 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the events on Power Engineer's Day 22 December 2023 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska at the Christmas readings at Okhmatdyt: I wish everyone to find their own keys to strength – reliable and inexhaustible 24 December 2023 - 16:17 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held traditional Christmas readings at the Okhmatdyt Children's Specialized Hospital. This marks the third such event since 2021, featuring tea-time readings that take place at the hospital with the participation of the President's wife. The purpose of the event is to create a circle of support, festive mood and home comfort for children treated at Okhmatdyt. Each time, the First Lady chooses a book that is motivating and can be of interest to both children and adults. This time, the book "Keys of Power" by Ukrainian psychologist and writer Svitlana Royz was chosen. It is dedicated to the topic of emotions and their conscious experience by children. How to cope, for example, with the fear of the dark? How can a child express anger without behaving aggressively and at the same time suppressing the emotion within? Why are we sad and is it possible to make friends with sadness? How can the power of guilt be transformed into responsibility? And why is it really so important to gain the power that comes from joy? How can we learn to rejoice and how does joy invigorate us like a battery? "This is the second time we are holding meetings amidst the enemy's invasion and our country's fight for life. But the opportunity to get together on a winter evening to read something that will give us the strength to live and keep fighting is all the more precious. This is also the goal of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, so today's book with psychological advice in a playful way can really help many children and even adults," Olena Zelenska noted. This year's tea-time readings were attended by patients of the Bone Marrow Transplantation Department of the National Children's Specialized Hospital "Okhmatdyt". Together with the Olena Zelenska Foundation and the partners of the Christmas on the Doorstep initiative, the First Lady handed over gifts to the children treated at Okhmatdyt. She thanked H&M, the Lego Foundation, the Ukrainian Food Banks Federation, and the Ukrainian embassies in Sweden and Denmark for their cooperation. "May all Ukrainians have enough strength to overcome all challenges. I wish everyone to find their own keys to strength – reliable and inexhaustible," the President's wife summarized. v Videos ph First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held traditional Christmas readings at the Okhmatdyt Children's Specialized Hospital 24 December 2023 - 16:40 ph First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held traditional Christmas readings at the Okhmatdyt Children's Specialized Hospital 24 December 2023 - 16:40 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine