17 captures 14 Nov 2023 - 09 Feb 2026 Oct NOV Dec 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231114003141/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-ukrayini-principovo-realizuvati-vsi-sim-rekomendacij-ye-86989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington, DC 13 November 2023 - 19:59 Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting on the implementation of the School Meals Reform Strategy: We strive not just to change the school menu, but to raise a healthy generation 13 November 2023 - 18:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leader of the Crimean Tatar people Mustafa Dzhemilev and awarded him the title of Hero of Ukraine 13 November 2023 - 16:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! The key takeaways from this day. I met with the leader of the Crimean Tatar people Mustafa Dzhemilev – today is his birthday, he turned 80. A decent man, a brave man. A defender of his people and the whole of Ukraine. I awarded Mustafa Dzhemilev the title of Hero of Ukraine. I believe that it is absolutely well deserved. I also thanked him for what he has done for our people, for our freedom. He is truly a moral authority. I also thanked him for the fact that Mr. Mustafa-aga is now with us in the fight against Russian aggression. Of course, we talked about Crimea and the protection of our people on the peninsula. We are mindful of all parts of our country and must restore freedom for the entire Ukraine without exception. I thank everyone in the world who remembers that Russia's attack on the rules-based international order began with Crimea. It was with the seizure of Crimea that Russia began this aggression and destabilization. And it is difficult to imagine a restored peace in the world unless we return to Ukraine what Russia has stolen. Restoring our territorial integrity is a global need. Today, I held a long meeting with diplomats, government officials, and representatives of the Verkhovna Rada to discuss our country's preparations for the European Council's political decision to start negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union. Our steps and our decisions. We are working to get an unconditioned decision to open negotiations. For Ukraine, it is a matter of principle to implement all the recommendations of the European Commission, all seven recommendations, and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the European Union. The success of our country and people – economic, social, and success in building Ukraine's relations with the world – can only be achieved as a common success of the whole of Europe. To this end, we are gradually strengthening our institutions and legislation, even during a full-scale war. And I am grateful to everyone who contributes to this, who endorses the relevant decisions, who puts them into action. Today, I also held several meetings on our next international steps planned for the coming weeks. Negotiations with the leaders of partner countries, new support packages for our warriors, and international communication of Ukraine. We can and must ensure an absolutely clear result: no matter what the information agenda of the world is, our partners must understand us and hear Ukrainians. And they will. There is important news from Romania: an F-16 pilot training center has started operations, our guys will undergo training there. I thank President Iohannis of Romania and Prime Minister Rutte of the Netherlands for ensuring the implementation of all our agreements. There were also intelligence reports today – by Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate Budanov and Chief of the Foreign Intelligence Service Lytvynenko. I am grateful to both of these agencies – to every single person serving there – above all, for the fact that Ukraine knows and will know the enemy's plans and how to respond to them – properly and powerfully. Both on the ground and in the Black Sea. And, of course, the frontline. Avdiivka, Maryinka, Bakhmut direction, Lyman direction, Kupyansk, Zaporizhzhia, Kherson region… It is challenging in each of these areas. But I thank everyone who is steadfast. I thank everyone who does not lose strength and positions. I thank all the commanders who care about the troops. I thank all the combat medics who save lives. I thank all our people who remember that Ukraine lives because there is someone to hold off the enemy. Glory to our warriors! Glory to all our heroes! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine