5 captures 27 Sep 2023 - 18 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230927141324/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovnoyu-temoyu-samitu-ukrayina-pivnichna-yevropa-stala-bez-82629 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:17 View all videos n latest news Ukraine launches information campaign in Russia to return deported Ukrainian children 27 September 2023 - 15:27 Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 27 September 2023 - 11:42 There will be more Ukrainian actions against the terrorist state — address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 September 2023 - 20:23 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the National Council of Austria 26 September 2023 - 17:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to Canada 22 September 2023 - 16:18 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Security in concrete daily defense against Russian terrorists was the main topic of the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit 3 May 2023 - 20:40 During his official visit to Finland, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Nordic-Ukrainian Summit held in Helsinki. The meeting was also attended by: President of the Republic of Finland Sauli Niinistö, Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir, Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre and Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. Speaking to the media following the event, Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the main topic of the Summit was security. “Today's security means concrete daily protection against Russian terrorists. Tomorrow's security lies in our cooperation to strengthen our countries and the whole of Europe. And security for future generations – for our children, for our grandchildren, means that they can build their lives knowing that peace is guaranteed for them. Guaranteed by us. We must do it together,” the President of Ukraine noted. The Head of State congratulated the people of Finland on joining NATO and wished Sweden to complete its accession to the Alliance as soon as possible. “Suomi is a land for life, and never again for war. It is a historic achievement to remove security uncertainty. Together with you, NATO will consist of thirty-two members. Ukraine can and must be the thirty-third member! I really wish that to our country,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He emphasized that he understands the impossibility of Ukraine's accession to the Alliance in the midst of Russia's aggression, but noted that there is no obstacle to a political decision on the algorithm of our country's accession to NATO. “Ukraine has already provided a historic weakening of the main threat to all of us – Russian revanchism. Ukraine is already a de facto member of NATO, and we are actually cooperating for the sake of common defense. So, decisions are to be made,” the Head of State stressed. “Today we discussed the upcoming decisions, namely the NATO Summit in Vilnius, and what we can and must do together to strengthen NATO's eastern flank and the Alliance as a whole,” he added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that he had come to Helsinki to personally thank Ukraine's partners for their support. “I thank Finland and Mr. President for organizing this Summit; for the fifteen security aid packages to our people, to Ukraine, and for the decisions we are preparing now and, I am sure, will adopt together,” the President said. The President of Ukraine also expressed gratitude to Sweden and Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson for the effective presidency of the European Union and for the active participation in the formation of coalitions to protect Ukraine and common freedom. “Tanks and armored vehicles from Sweden are already saving lives in Ukraine,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The President of Ukraine thanked Denmark and the head of the Danish government for the determination and speed in supplying weapons, in particular for the defense package that is being formed to support the active actions of the Ukrainian army, as well as for the patronage over the reconstruction of Mykolaiv region. “I thank Norway and Mr. Prime Minister for how efficient you are in creating a new and long-lasting peace for Ukraine and all of Europe. Norway's weapons are a strong antidote to the Russian evil state. And your financial support package of seven billion dollars is something that shows many others in the world – what it means to truly value peace,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State also praised Iceland's participation in the creation of the International Register of Damage caused by Aggression and for clear and unequivocal support for each of the steps that bring full accountability of the aggressor closer. “I am also grateful that peace and justice for Ukraine and the whole of Europe will be a top issue at the upcoming Council of Europe Summit in Iceland,” he said. The President expressed gratitude to the leaders of the Nordic countries for their readiness to continue supporting the defense of Ukraine until the complete liberation of our lands from Russian occupation. “We must teach Moscow to respect internationally recognized state borders. To do so now means to do so forever. And we will do it,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. He also thanked for the support of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular the justice clause. “Every Russian war criminal and the aggressor-state itself must be held accountable for this war,” the President emphasized. Following the Summit, the leaders of the Nordic countries and Ukraine agreed on a Joint Statement. “The joint statement of the Summit contains many points on which we agree. And this is not something purely political. This is an agreement based on our common values. We in Europe, from Kyiv to Reykjavik, from Helsinki to Lisbon, value human life and freedom above all. And every part of our space of life, our space of freedom – our Europe – must be and will be protected. Jointly by all of us – thirty-three countries,” the Head of State emphasized. ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Finland 3 May 2023 - 15:12 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Finland 3 May 2023 - 15:12 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine