1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=95 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President and his wife honored the memory of Taras Shevchenko 9 March 2021 - 09:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena honored the memory of Taras Shevchenko on the occasion of the 207th anniversary of a prominent Ukrainian poet and artist. President to take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism" on March 9 8 March 2021 - 12:10 On March 9, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism". Yulia Svyrydenko: Ukraine and the United States must work together to protect democracy and freedom 6 March 2021 - 09:42 Ukraine is deeply interested in developing trade and investment cooperation with the United States. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yulia Svyrydenko during an online discussion with American and European politicians and experts organized by the American think tank Atlantic Council. Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations with the Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania 5 March 2021 - 17:13 At the invitation of the Lithuanian party, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations in Vilnius with Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine must become a part of NATO, because today it is an outpost of the struggle for democratic European values 5 March 2021 - 15:50 A sovereign, independent and stable Ukraine, firmly committed to democracy and the rule of law, is the key to Euro-Atlantic security, as stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during an online conversation with experts and journalists organized on Friday by the European Policy Center (Brussels). The state needs education to train competitive professionals - President 4 March 2021 - 19:16 The strategy for the development of education and science and the protection of veterans' rights was discussed at a meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "The state needs a new quality of management. We need to find a format for students to gain knowledge and experience so that Ukraine can prepare a layer of strong, competitive professionals, including strong management," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. President received credentials from the ambassadors of Vietnam, Brazil and Italy 4 March 2021 - 16:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the ambassadors of Vietnam, Brazil and Italy. The Head of State hopes to further intensify cooperation with these states at all levels for the good of citizens. We have to breathe new life into the Ukrainian village - President 4 March 2021 - 15:30 The village reform and the implementation of the New Village program were discussed at a meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukraine must have a modern and safe infrastructure - President 3 March 2021 - 20:26 Розвиток інфраструктури та енергетичного сектору обговорили на нараді під головуванням Президента України Володимира Зеленського, у якій взяли участь керівник Офісу Глави держави Андрій Єрмак, заступники керівника Офісу Президента Юлія Свириденко та Кирило Тимошенко, Прем’єр-міністр Денис Шмигаль, міністр інфраструктури Владислав Криклій, виконувач обов’язків міністра енергетики та вугільної промисловості Юрій Вітренко, голова Комітету Верховної Ради з питань енергетики та житлово-комунальних послуг Андрій Герус, голова Комітету Верховної Ради з питань транспорту та інфраструктури Юрій Кісєль, радник Прем'єр-міністра України Кирило Криволап. The state must protect whistleblowers and fighters against corruption - President 3 March 2021 - 20:07 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy returned the Law “On Amendments to the Law of Ukraine “On Prevention of Corruption” Concerning the Regulation of Certain Issues of Protection of Whistleblowers” approved on February 4, 2021 to the Verkhovna Rada with his proposals. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine