6 captures 25 Oct 2022 - 08 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221025212324/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-rozmovu-z-ministrom-pidpriyemstv-ta-vir-78705 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The sooner peace is achieved in Ukraine thanks to our victory, the less evil Russia will bring to other regions - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2022 - 22:48 View all videos n latest news Joint appeal by Presidents Zelenskyy and Steinmeier 25 October 2022 - 23:32 Germany's contribution to Ukraine's movement towards restoration of territorial integrity is significant - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Frank-Walter Steinmeier in Kyiv 25 October 2022 - 23:25 The sooner peace is achieved in Ukraine thanks to our victory, the less evil Russia will bring to other regions - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2022 - 22:46 Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 October 2022 - 18:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal President of Germany in Kyiv 25 October 2022 - 20:08 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 October 2022 - 18:32 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a fruitful conversation with the newly appointed Minister of Enterprises and Production of the Italian Republic Adolfo Urso. The parties discussed a wide range of issues of Ukrainian-Italian cooperation. Special attention was paid to the practical aspects of the support for Ukraine by the new Italian government, as well as further contacts between the leaders of the two states. Andriy Yermak, on behalf of the President of Ukraine, thanked Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni who today in her speech before the Italian Parliament once again expressed firm support for Ukraine in countering Russian aggression. The parties noted the importance of establishing contacts between the ministers of foreign affairs and defense of the two states as soon as possible for coordinating efforts and strengthening cooperation between Ukraine and Italy. The interlocutors separately discussed the issue of defense assistance to our country by the Italian Republic. They agreed to enhance Ukrainian-Italian economic cooperation, which would be a powerful signal to the world community about the importance of developing cooperation with Ukraine even in the conditions of ongoing Russian aggression. Andriy Yermak and Adolfo Urso agreed on the importance of joint promotion of Ukrainian products on the European and world markets. They emphasized that Made in Ukraine, as well as Made in Italy, should become a well-known brand in the world. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine