1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041737/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – All military-industrial complex enterprises must work non-stop today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukroboronprom Director General 1 April 2022 - 13:35 "Today, all enterprises of the military-industrial complex must work 24/7. To repel Russia's aggression, the Armed Forces of Ukraine need effective work of every employee in the industry," Andriy Yermak stressed. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine has proved to everyone that it is an important player that needs to be respected 1 April 2022 - 13:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak noted that today Ukraine is not only defending itself from Russian aggression - it is protecting the whole European world. So Europe must help. He said this in an interview to leading international media - The New Yorker, Bild and Le Monde. The Red Cross announced Russia's approval of access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol, also corridors from Melitopol and Enerhodar were agreed - Iryna Vereshchuk 31 March 2022 - 11:01 Ukraine has received a message from the International Committee of the Red Cross that the Russian Federation confirms its readiness to open access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol in transit through Berdyansk. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. It is very important to develop new packages of sanctions against Russia, as it is a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing the governing regime - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 10:41 Sanctions are a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing Russia and those who support the ruling regime in the aggressor country. However, sanctions need to be deepened, so a new US package is expected to be announced soon. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview to TV presenter Vadym Karpyak, which was broadcast within the information marathon "United News #UArazom". Ukraine needs more weapons, because we defend the values of a democratic world - Head of the President's Office 31 March 2022 - 10:14 Ukraine needs as big a supply of weapons as possible because our country pays a very high price every day defending the values of a democratic world in the fight against the aggressor. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview to leading international journalist of the American television company CNN Christiane Amanpour. Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 "We need more weapons. Small arms, demining systems, drones, counter-battery radars, howitzers, body armor... Everything! But first of all, we need to close the sky to protect our cities from missiles," Andriy Yermak explained. Mykhailo Podolyak: International multilateral treaty on security guarantees will give Ukraine reliable protection against possible new aggression 30 March 2022 - 18:50 Ukraine wants to sign an international treaty on security guarantees, which will give it reliable allies and real protection from any new aggression in the future. Adviser to the Head of the President's Office and member of the Ukrainian negotiating team Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized this during an online briefing at the Ukrainian Media Center. The Office of the President of Ukraine supported the initiative to establish the Ukrainian Global University 30 March 2022 - 15:25 With the support of the Office of the President of Ukraine, the government, educational institutions and non-governmental organizations are creating the Ukrainian Global University (UGU), a network that brings together the world's best educational institutions to provide Ukrainian students, scholarship holders, researchers and lecturers with access to educational institutions around the world, as well as new scholarships and postdoctoral programs. Iryna Vereshchuk announced the approval of three humanitarian corridors in the Zaporizhzhia region and called on the UN Security Council to take measures to demilitarize the Chornobyl zone due to the danger of detonation of Russian ammunition 30 March 2022 - 10:41 According to her, in the context of nuclear security, the irresponsible and unprofessional actions of the Russian military pose a very serious threat not only to Ukraine, but also to hundreds of millions of Europeans. Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 Andriy Yermak believes that it is necessary to reach the pace of the weekly increase of sanctions pressure against Russia. According to him, Ukraine's partners are currently working on the introduction of a new sanctions package against Russia. Critical import chains will be targeted, including export controls and sanctions aimed at suppliers cooperating with the Russian military-industrial complex. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 20 21 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine