2 captures 26 May 2024 - 13 Jun 2025 Apr MAY Jun 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240526061750/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ta-anders-fog-rasmussen-proveli-chergovu-zustr-89661 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Strike on Kharkiv is Another Manifestation of Russian Madness, There Is Just No Other Way to Put It — Address by the President of Ukraine 25 May 2024 - 17:50 View all videos n latest news Argentina Plans to Join the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 25 May 2024 - 18:25 The Strike on Kharkiv is Another Manifestation of Russian Madness, There Is Just No Other Way to Put It — Address by the President of Ukraine 25 May 2024 - 17:42 We Are Waiting for the African Leaders at the Peace Summit, and We Wish You All Peace – the President of Ukraine Addressed African Nations on the Africa Day 25 May 2024 - 12:55 For More Than Two Years of Full-Scale War, We Have Been Relying on Dependable Communications – the President Congratulated the Employees of the State Service of Special Communications on Their Professional Holiday 25 May 2024 - 09:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President of Ukraine Presented Employees of the State Service of Special Communications with Awards 25 May 2024 - 09:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen held a regular meeting of the International Working Group on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine 14 March 2024 - 09:29 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak and NATO Secretary General in 2009-2014, former Prime Minister of Denmark Anders Fogh Rasmussen held a regular online meeting of the International Working Group on Security Issues and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine. The interlocutors discussed our country's progress towards integration into the Euro-Atlantic security system and the necessary steps to achieve this. "Inviting Ukraine to join NATO will not lead to an escalation of the war; on the contrary, the absence of an invitation will instigate new escalations. It is important to understand that Putin has already crossed the 'red lines' he is the new Hitler after World War II. There are no rational arguments for him that will make him stop," noted Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Presidential Office also briefed the group on the situation at the front and emphasized the importance of the U.S. Congress's prompt approval of the decision to support Ukraine. Andriy Yermak also spoke about preparations for the first Global Peace Summit to be held in Switzerland. "Nobody discusses the very idea of the summit anymore; the discussions are about the format, the outcomes, and the documents that can be agreed upon at the summit. And, of course, our fundamental stance is that only countries that respect international law should be present at the inaugural peace summit, which is why Russia will not be invited," he noted. NATO Secretary General in 2009-2014, former Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen emphasized the importance of further military support for Ukraine. "Our responsibility is that we are determined to guarantee Ukraine's victory. Otherwise, we risk jeopardizing not just Ukraine but the entire world. Putin insists that this war cannot be won. We cannot accept these Kremlin calls. We must fight back with a bold proposal, which is the goal of our group," said Anders Fogh Rasmussen. He added that the members of the International Working Group should use all available tools to ensure that Ukraine receives everything it needs to protect civilians and soldiers on the front line. Anders Fogh Rasmussen also emphasized the importance of continuing work at the level of NATO member states to achieve positive decisions at the Alliance's summit to be held in Washington. All the attendees spoke in detail about the group's future work and support for Ukraine. On the Ukrainian side, the meeting was attended by Deputy Prime Minister for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Olha Stefanishyna, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva, and advisors to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine