1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043818/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets and Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov discussed the security situation in Donbas and Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 1 April 2021 - 15:34 Roman Mashovets thanked for NATO's support in the issue of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration and bringing it closer to the standards of the North Atlantic Alliance. Ihor Zhovkva and the diplomatic advisor to the President of Portugal discussed prospects of cooperation between the two countries 30 March 2021 - 17:36 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the Portuguese Republic Maria Amélia Paiva. Head of the President's Office had a phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan, the National Security Advisor to the U.S. President 29 March 2021 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak thanked the United States for a clear and consistent policy in support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and Poland took place in the format of a video conference 29 March 2021 - 19:29 The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Poland was held with the participation of Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Secretary of State of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Krzysztof Szczerski in the format of a video conference. Ihor Zhovkva held consultations with the adviser to the President of Estonia 25 March 2021 - 16:07 The interlocutors discussed measures taken in Ukraine and Estonia in the context of overcoming the next wave of the COVID-19 pandemic and ensuring adequate protection of the population, as well as the implementation of vaccination of citizens with high-quality certified vaccines. Andriy Yermak met with G7 and EU ambassadors and urged them to support Ukraine in its efforts to return to the ceasefire in Donbas 22 March 2021 - 19:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the Ambassadors of the G7 and the European Union to Ukraine, which took place in the format of a video conference. Ihor Zhovkva: The conclusion of the Declaration on the European Prospect of Ukraine is an important step towards the realization of the strategic goal of our state 19 March 2021 - 11:17 The official visit of President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda to Ukraine was extremely productive. This was announced by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva. At a meeting of advisers to the leaders of the "Normandy Four" held as a video conference the parties discussed the return to full ceasefire in Donbas 18 March 2021 - 22:11 On Thursday, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the "Normandy Four", which took place in the format of a video conference. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva discussed the Transdniestrian Settlement with Special Representative of the OSCE Chairman-in-Office Thomas Mayr-Harting 16 March 2021 - 19:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Special Representative of the OSCE Chairman-in-Office Thomas Mayr-Harting. The parties focused on the course of negotiations in the "5+2" format on a peaceful settlement of the Transnistrian conflict. The parties noted the slowdown in the negotiations in which Ukraine has been participating as a guarantor and mediator since 1995, and stressed the importance of making additional efforts to restore their dynamics. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Advisor to the President of Afghanistan 13 March 2021 - 10:35 The interlocutors discussed a wide range of issues on the bilateral agenda, including the strengthening of trade, economic and military-technical cooperation. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine