6 captures 16 Sep 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220916224555/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mensh-nizh-za-tri-misyaci-ukrayina-vikonala-blizko-polovini-77833 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia repeats in Izium what it did in Bucha, world must react to it – address of President of Ukraine 16 September 2022 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news Russia repeats in Izium what it did in Bucha, world must react to it – address of President of Ukraine 16 September 2022 - 22:38 Andriy Yermak discusses support of Ukraine on way to OECD membership, creation of special tribunal on crime of aggression with heads of foreign diplomatic missions 16 September 2022 - 21:07 Olena Zelenska holds more video conversations with wives of heads of state and government participated in second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 16 September 2022 - 20:18 Zelenskyy takes part in awarding winners of Hero-Rescuer of the Year national action 16 September 2022 - 18:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 15 September 2022 - 13:32 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office In less than three months, Ukraine fulfilled about half of the recommendations of the European Commission - Ihor Zhovkva 16 September 2022 - 15:36 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Minister of European Affairs of the Czech Republic Mikuláš Bek. The interlocutors discussed the results of the visit of President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen to Ukraine on September 15. The significant progress of our country in implementing the recommendations of the European Commission regarding EU membership and the true democracy of Ukrainian society, which shares and defends European values on the battlefield, were noted. "In less than three months, Ukraine fulfilled about half of the recommendations of the European Commission. We are on an optimistic path to their full implementation by November of this year," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. The parties coordinated joint political and practical steps for Ukraine’s advance on the European integration track. They also discussed Ukraine's participation in the high-level EU events that will take place during the Czech Presidency of the Council of the European Union until the end of 2022, in particular, in the informal meeting of EU heads of state and government on October 6 and 7 in Prague (Czech Republic). "We expect that the leadership of the Czech Presidency of the Council of the EU will influence the opening of a window of opportunity for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the European Union in the near future," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine