1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055359/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Partner countries should invest more actively in Ukraine to provide practical support to our economy - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 January 2022 - 20:00 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy calls on business representatives of partner countries to actively invest in Ukraine to provide practical support to the Ukrainian economy. The Head of State said this during a meeting with representatives of foreign media. Head of State addressed foreign diplomats: The easiest thing you can help with is to be in Ukraine 28 January 2022 - 18:53 At this difficult time, Ukraine needs the personal presence of allies, security assistance, strengthening economic stability and world confidence in our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with heads of diplomatic missions of foreign states and international organizations accredited in Ukraine. President of Ukraine had his second phone conversation with the President of the United States since the beginning of the year 28 January 2022 - 01:20 The President expressed gratitude to the United States and personally to Joseph Biden for a strong and unwavering support for Ukraine's independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity, and for the U.S. leadership in mobilizing the world community to deter Russian aggression. Regarding the meeting of advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format countries 27 January 2022 - 15:05 On January 26, the meeting of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format countries took place in Paris. The talks lasted more than eight hours, were meaningful and provided an opportunity to outline the possibility of reaching the solutions needed for peace. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy positively assesses the fact of the meeting, its constructive nature, as well as the intention to continue meaningful talks in two weeks in Berlin. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the Republic of Lithuania 27 January 2022 - 12:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Gitanas Nausėda for a clear and consistent position of Lithuania in support of Ukraine, as well as for significant practical assistance in strengthening the defense capabilities of our state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi 27 January 2022 - 11:21 The President commended the results of the December Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels, especially the approval of an ambitious Economic and Investment Plan for the partner countries. This plan provides for the financing of reforms in a number of important areas by allocating funds for the implementation of specific projects. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Azerbaijan 25 January 2022 - 15:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev. The heads of state commended the recent meeting in Kyiv and discussed topical issues on the agenda in the context of the development of specific projects of Ukrainian-Azerbaijani cooperation. The National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President considered the issue of ensuring national security from internal and external threats 24 January 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, during which reports of government officials on the situation in the security, economic, energy, medical and cyber defense sectors were heard. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council 24 January 2022 - 15:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Council Charles Michel. The main focus of the conversation was on the coordination of international political and diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the security situation around our country. Foreign intelligence plays an important role in countering threats - President of Ukraine 24 January 2022 - 12:11 Ukrainian intelligence has always played an important role in countering external threats. It is time not only to effectively restrain, but also to start offensive actions to defend the national interests of Ukraine. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with FIS officials on the occasion of Ukraine's Foreign Intelligence Day. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine