1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032505/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=146 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak discusses assistance in restoring Ukraine's energy infrastructure with Geoffrey Pyatt, Bridget Brink 16 December 2022 - 21:30 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with US Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources Geoffrey R. Pyatt and US Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Ukraine Bridget A. Brink. Russia still has enough missiles for several massive strikes, we have enough determination and self-belief to return ours – address of the President of Ukraine 16 December 2022 - 20:01 Dear our partners, find an opportunity to provide us with a reliable air defense shield. This is saving people's lives. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with Georg Milbradt the role of local communities in the defense and reconstruction of Ukraine 16 December 2022 - 12:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with Special Representative of the Federal Government of Germany on issues of reforms in the spheres of governance and decentralization in Ukraine Georg Milbradt. The invaders cannot defeat our army, so they destroy every city and village; the only way to stop it is to push them out of our land - address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2022 - 22:58 We are preparing important international events for the next week. Something that could give Ukraine more defense support this winter, more military capabilities. Andriy Yermak held consultations of diplomatic advisers in the format of the Lublin Triangle 15 December 2022 - 17:20 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch and Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė to hold consultations in the format of the Lublin Triangle. Ukrainian society expects justice - President during the participation in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 15:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court and congratulated the judges on the professional holiday - Court Employees' Day. Macro-financial support for Ukraine and strengthening EU sanctions against Russia are also weapons in the defense of freedom - President's speech at the meeting of the European Council 15 December 2022 - 14:13 The next six months will be decisive in many respects in the confrontation that Russia started with this aggression. Aggression against Ukraine and against each of you, because the ultimate target of Russia is much further than our border and Ukrainian sovereignty. Restoration of the Izyum hospital is among the priority areas of activity of the Olena Zelenska Foundation - the First Lady at the presentation in Paris 14 December 2022 - 23:08 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska presented her charity foundation during her visit to France. We are preparing agreements that will strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 December 2022 - 20:10 Glory to all who fight for our country! Glory to all who fill with their courage and effectiveness the word that is now heard all over the world - the word “Ukraine”. President had a phone call with the President of the IOC 14 December 2022 - 18:43 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed disappointment with the presence of the president of the Russian Olympic Committee at the IOC summit on November 9 and with the intentions to return Russian and Belarusian athletes to international competitions under a neutral flag. 1 2 ... 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine