19 captures 27 Nov 2023 - 12 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231127030606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ne-mozhna-buti-ostoron-zahistu-ukrayini-i-slava-vsim-nashim-87281 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We cannot stand aloof from Ukraine’s defense, and glory to all our people who understand this – address by the President of Ukraine 26 November 2023 - 20:53 View all videos n latest news We cannot stand aloof from Ukraine’s defense, and glory to all our people who understand this – address by the President of Ukraine 26 November 2023 - 20:49 Ukraine expects additional air defense systems from its partners to protect the grain corridor, Odesa region – President 25 November 2023 - 19:26 The humanitarian initiative 'Grain from Ukraine' has been extended – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following Grain from Ukraine second summit 25 November 2023 - 18:59 Joint Statement of the International Summit «Grain from Ukraine» 25 November 2023 - 17:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We cannot stand aloof from Ukraine’s defense, and glory to all our people who understand this – address by the President of Ukraine 26 November 2023 - 20:49 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, a considerable part of our country is facing extremely difficult weather conditions. The situation is particularly difficult in the southern regions of Ukraine. Our units of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, the National Police, utilities and local authorities are working around the clock and will continue to do so. I ask all Ukrainian citizens in the areas affected by the bad weather to be as cautious as possible. If necessary, please contact the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, the National Police, and our other state and municipal agencies. Our power engineers will restore electricity supply to all cities and villages that are currently experiencing temporary power outages due to the weather as soon as possible. As of now, these are about 400 settlements in ten regions. In particular, operational headquarters have already been deployed and are currently functioning in Odesa, Mykolaiv, Kirovohrad, Cherkasy, and Kyiv regions. Special vehicles have been deployed to the roads where needed. I would like to thank everyone who is working now and will continue to work tomorrow to protect us from this bad weather and to restore normal living conditions in all our Ukrainian communities as soon as possible. Now, when it is so difficult, in such conditions, we should all be especially grateful to those who defend our country, who carry out Ukrainian offensive operations, who are in combat positions, at combat posts, on duty in mobile fire groups and in all our other units that protect Ukraine, the life of our state and our independence. Intense hostilities do not stop for a single hour in the Donetsk directions and in Kharkiv region – in the direction of Kupyansk. Our warriors are also holding their positions in the south of the country: Zaporizhzhia region, our Kherson region. I want to thank everyone who rightly responds to Russian terrorist attacks, who repels enemy assaults even now – in such conditions. Soldier Oleh Danylchenko, a combat medic of the 110th separate mechanized brigade, Senior Soldier Oleksiy Tokariev and Junior Sergeant Mykola Tyshchenko, both of the 53rd separate mechanized brigade, Senior Soldier Yaroslav Bazil and Junior Sergeants Ihor Ponomarenko and Serhiy Kashyrin, all three of the 118th separate mechanized brigade, Soldier Andriy Shabelnyk of the 93rd separate mechanized brigade, Sergeant Andriy Tarhoniy of the 80th separate air assault brigade, Junior Sergeant Ihor Shapran of the 92nd separate assault brigade, and soldier Oleksandr Voronenko of the 57th separate motorized infantry brigade particularly distinguished themselves this week. I thank each of you, warriors, all your brothers-in-arms, everyone who helps our brigades, all Ukrainian defense and security forces, who works in our defense production facilities, who supplies everything needed by Ukraine and our people, who tends the wounded, trains our warriors, and organizes volunteer fundraisers for the sake of Ukrainian strength. We cannot stand aloof from defense. And glory to all our people who understand this, who fight, who work and help for the sake of Ukraine and Ukrainians! We are strong in unity. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine