2 captures 12 Sep 2024 - 03 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240912001813/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska Reviewed the Implementation of the National Mental Health Program in Uzhhorod 28 August 2024 - 13:38 During her visit to Zakarpattia, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited the Resilience Center, the Youth Hub, and participated in the presentation of the regional plan for the "How Are You?" program. Safeguarding Children from Forced Transfers and Deportation: the Bring Kids Back UA Task Force Presented the White Paper 27 August 2024 - 21:37 More than 15 international experts and organizations working in the field of international law developed the White Paper. This document reveals the systematic nature of deportation and forced relocation of children by the aggressor state. It clearly documents all the evidence. The First Lady Visited Voices Camp, Which Organized Recreation for Children Traumatized by War 27 August 2024 - 20:57 The camp was organized by the Voices of Children Charitable Foundation and funded by the Olena Zelenska Foundation. This summer, 184 young Ukrainians had the opportunity to recreate at the camp. Among them were children living in the frontline and de-occupied territories, children who lost their parents as a result of the Russian aggression, and children of military personnel. Andriy Yermak Met with Alexander Soros 27 August 2024 - 18:20 During the meeting, they discussed further cooperation on issues of importance for Ukraine. In particular, they discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, including the points on energy and nuclear safety, food security, and the release of all detained and deported Ukrainians. For the Second Peace Summit, a Document Should Be Prepared Based on Thematic Conferences on the Peace Formula Points – the President 27 August 2024 - 18:04 A document should be prepared based on the thematic conferences that Ukraine is organizing in pursuance of the first Peace Summit. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference at the "Ukraine 2024. Independence" forum. The Kursk Operation Is One of the Points of Ukraine's Plan for Victory in the War – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 August 2024 - 17:00 The President also noted that this operation is not related to any of the Peace Formula points, but is connected to the second Peace Summit. It is one of the points of Ukraine's plan for victory in the war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that he initially intends to present this plan to U.S. President Joseph Biden in September. Work on Developing a Joint Plan for Implementing the Peace Formula Continues – Andriy Yermak 27 August 2024 - 14:14 It would be appropriate for the second Peace Summit to take place in one of the Global South countries. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a panel discussion at the "Ukraine 2024. Independence" forum. President Held a Meeting on Protecting the State's National Interests Under Martial Law 26 August 2024 - 20:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the heads of law enforcement agencies regarding the protection of the state's national interests under martial law. Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:08 The aftermath of the Russian strike is still being dealt with. In total, there were more than 120 missiles of various types and over a hundred Shahed drones. The missiles were launched from various locations, including the airspace over Kursk and Belgorod regions, other Russia’s border areas, the Black Sea, and the territory of our occupied Crimea. There Should Be No Restrictions on the Range of Weapons for Ukraine, While Terrorists Have No Such Restrictions – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 12:40 Now, all over the country, efforts are underway to eliminate the consequences of the Russian strike. It was one of the heaviest strikes – a combined one. More than a hundred missiles of various types and about a hundred “Shahed” drones. And like most previous Russian strikes, this one was just as vile, targeting critical civilian infrastructure. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine