1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032756/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of goals in the fight against the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:15 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of the goals and methods of supporting our state in the struggle against the Russian aggressor. He stated this in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseychuk. Ending the war in Ukraine should become important for every country in the world, this is exactly what the Ukrainian Peace Formula provides for - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 18:58 Ukraine is interested in the Ukrainian Peace Formula being supported by as many countries as possible, so it is preparing a peace summit that can be held on the UN platform. This was announced by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseichuk. Olena Zelenska tells how culture helps Ukrainians to fight and win 29 December 2022 - 15:10 The First Lady spoke about the cultural projects that were planned back in peacetime, but acquired a new meaning during the Ukrainian resistance to the aggressor. This is, in particular, the Ukrainian Bookshelf. Olena Zelenska told how gender equality is implemented in Ukraine in wartime conditions 29 December 2022 - 13:07 Continuing the summary of project activities this year, First Lady Olena Zelenska reminded that in 2020 Ukraine joined the "Biarritz Partnership" international initiative to promote gender equality. No matter what is happening and what is on your mind, be sure to support each other - address by the President of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 22:18 Our attention to others, when it may be lacking from one of our relatives - for various reasons, our words that can warm those around us when events are too cold, and our care for each other when circumstances are challenging - all this is also our common defense. Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Ambassador of Canada 28 December 2022 - 22:01 Roman Mashovets assured the Canadian side of the steadfast determination of the security and defense forces of Ukraine to defend their land until the complete victory over the enemy, until the restoration of the country's territorial integrity within internationally recognized borders. President of Ukraine delivered the annual Message to the Verkhovna Rada and presented state awards to Ukrainian defenders 28 December 2022 - 21:25 From the rostrum of the Parliament, the Head of State emphasized that this year, thanks to Ukraine, the world believed that values give strength, and was convinced that tyranny will lose, and freedom will definitely be victorious. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 December 2022 - 20:08 The Head of State highly appreciated the solidarity and support that France and personally President Emmanuel Macron provide to Ukraine in the face of Russia's full-scale armed aggression. Speech by the President with the annual message to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on the internal and external situation of Ukraine 28 December 2022 - 18:51 Ukraine is on its way to the victory that generations of our people have dreamed of. Now our children dream of it. Our parents and grandparents dreamed of it. All generations from the time of Bohdan to the national liberation struggle of the XX century. We will get what we did not achieve before. We will. Olena Zelenska told how the initiative to create the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support is being implemented 28 December 2022 - 13:22 As the President's wife emphasized, since February 24, Ukrainians have faced many new challenges and ordeals. One of them is the effects of full-scale war on mental health. 1 2 ... 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine