5 captures 27 Jun 2023 - 10 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230627035021/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-golovoyu-uryadu-daniyi-ta-podyaku-83805 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, our warriors have advanced in all directions, and this is a happy day - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 00:33 View all videos n latest news Today, our warriors have advanced in all directions, and this is a happy day - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 00:30 President visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in Zaporizhzhia region 27 June 2023 - 00:10 President visited frontline positions in the Berdyansk direction and awarded Ukrainian warriors 26 June 2023 - 21:58 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Romania 26 June 2023 - 19:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 26 June 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the head of the Danish government and thanked for the efforts of the Danish government to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula 26 June 2023 - 09:38 While in Copenhagen, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen. Andriy Yermak thanked the Danish side for hosting a meeting of national security advisors and political directors of Ukraine, the G7 countries and the Global South in Copenhagen, during which they discussed further implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Ukrainian Peace Formula. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of contacts at the level of the leaders of the two states in the context of involving the countries of the Global South in the implementation of Ukraine's initiatives to restore sustainable and just peace based on respect for the UN Charter and international law. Andriy Yermak praised Denmark's unwavering and comprehensive support for Ukraine, in particular the recent decision of the Danish Parliament to increase military assistance under the Danish Ukraine Fund, as well as the participation of the Danish side in the Ukraine Recovery Conference held in London. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the active role of Denmark in the reconstruction of Mykolaiv and Mykolaiv region. "I hope that the model of partnership between Denmark and Mykolaiv will become a source of inspiration for other international partners," he said. During the meeting, the parties exchanged views on the expected results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius and security guarantees for our country. Andriy Yermak thanked the Danish side for its leadership in the aviation coalition, in particular for its readiness to start training Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets in the near future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine