1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 15 September 2023 - 21:15 In the framework of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of sixth point of Peace Formula regarding withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine at another meeting with ambassadors 15 September 2023 - 21:10 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held the eighth meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps accredited in our country regarding the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Rostyslav Shurma discusses improvement of business conditions in Ukraine with entrepreneurs 15 September 2023 - 20:28 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Rostyslav Shurma held a meeting with entrepreneurs regarding the facilitation of business conditions in the country and the reform of inspection bodies. Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with political and public figures from Latin America 14 September 2023 - 20:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a videoconference call with representatives of civil society and political communities from a number of Latin American countries. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 14 September 2023 - 15:03 Andriy Yermak spoke about the current situation at the frontline, as well as the measures taken by the security and defense forces to liberate Ukrainian lands from Russian invaders. Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with the State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany 12 September 2023 - 15:38 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany Thomas Bagger. Estonia will soon become the first EU country to introduce a mechanism for the use of confiscated Russian assets - Ihor Zhovkva after the meeting with Kyllike Sillaste-Elling 11 September 2023 - 20:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia Kyllike Sillaste-Elling. We count on France's support in providing Ukraine with legal security guarantees – Ihor Zhovkva at a meeting with the French parliamentary delegation 9 September 2023 - 11:49 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the French parliamentary delegation led by Benjamin Haddad, the head of the France-Ukraine interparliamentary friendship group. When working on new sanctions against Russia, it is crucial not to give it the opportunity to circumvent current restrictions – Andriy Yermak at joint briefing with Michael McFaul 9 September 2023 - 11:43 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director at the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), a professor at Stanford University, Ambassador Michael McFaul spoke at a briefing in the Office of the President about the new developments of the International Expert Group on Russian Sanctions led by them. Oleksiy Kuleba meets with delegation of deputies of France's National Assembly 8 September 2023 - 23:36 During the meeting, Kuleba thanked France for military, humanitarian and financial support for Ukraine in the conditions of the full-scale war. He also noted joint achievements in the development of interregional cooperation. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine