1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233341/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=76 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 October 2022 - 19:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Friday. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny and Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Kyrylo Budanov reported on the operational situation in the main directions of the front, as well as on the main places of concentration of the forces and means of the enemy and his likely actions in the near future. President met with the EBRD President 21 October 2022 - 15:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Odile Renaud-Basso. The Head of State noted that the visit of the EBRD President is an important signal of support for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 21 October 2022 - 14:25 The Head of State noted that the visit of the congressmen to Ukraine is especially important today, when Russia increased its terror againt peaceful cities and civilian infrastructure, hitting them with missiles and Iranian drones. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of Goldman Sachs investment company 20 October 2022 - 19:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Ukraine is also open to investments, the arrival of businesses and financial companies, and new technologies. Ukraine counts on the adoption of the UN resolution on the international compensation mechanism at the cost of frozen Russian assets - President 20 October 2022 - 19:15 The Head of State noted that Ukraine has already frozen the assets of many Russian citizens subject to sanctions. The President of Ukraine thanked the countries that also froze Russian assets, in particular the accounts of Russian legal entities. Among others, Switzerland supported Ukraine in this matter. In the presence of the Presidents of Ukraine and Switzerland, the Memorandum of Partnership in the field of digital transformation was signed 20 October 2022 - 19:01 According to the Memorandum, the signatories intend to expand and deepen cooperation in the field of digital transformation in order to promote the recovery of Ukraine through digitization. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of Switzerland in Kyiv 20 October 2022 - 18:49 The President of Ukraine thanked Switzerland for its clear and principled condemnation of Russia's criminal attempt to annex the occupied territories of Ukraine and its support for the EU's sanction packages against the Russian Federation. President of Ukraine had a call with the Federal President of Germany 20 October 2022 - 16:46 Particular attention was paid to the air terror by Russia and the terrorist state's purposeful destruction of Ukraine's energy infrastructure with ballistic and cruise missiles, as well as Iranian kamikaze drones. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Foreign Minister of Greece 19 October 2022 - 19:28 The head of state discussed with the head of the ministry of foreign affairs of Greece key issues of bilateral cooperation: strengthening support for Ukraine and sanctions pressure on Russia, as well as ensuring a tough consolidated response of the international community to the crimes of the Russian aggressor against our state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting devoted to energy supply security 19 October 2022 - 16:15 A strategic meeting on security at energy supply facilities chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took place. 1 2 ... 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine