4 captures 15 Mar 2024 - 17 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240315111545/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-peterom-siyarto-89681 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each day we are amassing more and more of the much needed strength, long-range strength – address by the President of Ukraine 14 March 2024 - 21:31 View all videos n latest news Each day we are amassing more and more of the much needed strength, long-range strength – address by the President of Ukraine 14 March 2024 - 21:30 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Péter Szijjártó 14 March 2024 - 20:39 Andriy Yermak met with the Ambassador of India to Ukraine 14 March 2024 - 20:37 Ukraine started negotiations with Latvia on a bilateral security agreement 14 March 2024 - 20:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on Ukrainian Volunteer Day 14 March 2024 - 17:44 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Péter Szijjártó 14 March 2024 - 20:39 Following the meeting of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba with Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary Péter Szijjártó in Uzhhorod on January 29, 2024, Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Péter Szijjártó today. The parties discussed Ukrainian-Hungarian relations and the ways to move forward. In this regard, the Head of the Presidential Office and the Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary agreed to hold a bilateral meeting between the teams on governmental level next week. Andriy Yermak and Péter Szijjártó emphasized the significance of personal contact and expressed hope to find mutually beneficial solution to the most complex issues on bilateral agenda. As part of the ongoing dialogue, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine and the Hungarian Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade agreed to maintain regular communication. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine