86 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 08 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221127222100/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dopomagayuchi-odne-odnomu-mi-projdemo-cyu-zimu-j-ce-namagann-79481 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Helping one another, we will get through this winter and Russia's attempt to use the cold against people - address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2022 - 22:08 View all videos n latest news Helping one another, we will get through this winter and Russia's attempt to use the cold against people - address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2022 - 22:08 We know what we are fighting for - Olena Zelenska in an interview for BBC 27 November 2022 - 12:03 Joint Statement following the inaugural International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:34 Grain from Ukraine initiative emphasizes global role of Ukraine and its partners in guaranteeing world food security – President following International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Helping one another, we will get through this winter and Russia's attempt to use the cold against people - address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2022 - 22:08 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Another week of full-scale war is coming to an end - a week in which we accomplished a lot. All together. Thanks to our unity. After the massive terrorist attack last Wednesday, we have been restoring electricity generation and supply day after day. As of today, in most regions of the country, only stabilization schedules of shutdowns are in effect. The situation is under control by the energy workers. And for that, I am thankful to the thousands of people who worked round the clock all over our state to restore light, water, heat and communication. I thank all the employees of energy companies, utility services, repair crews, regional authorities and leaders of local communities who helped. I would also like to thank the businesses that participated. Ukrainian unity again and again demonstrates its strength, demonstrates our effectiveness. I thank all Ukrainian entrepreneurs who are now making their offices, branches, cafes and other facilities new Points of Invincibility. Who do everything to help people. We understand that terrorists are preparing new strikes. We know that for sure. And as long as they have missiles, they won’t stop, unfortunately. But our ability to help each other and take care of the most vulnerable - the elderly, families with children, those who lost homes and relatives in the war - our mutual assistance is one of the elements of protection against terror and our strength. The upcoming week can be as hard as the one that passes. Our Defense Forces are preparing. The whole state is preparing. We work out all scenarios, including with our partners. And our unity must be ready. So please do not leave without help those whom you can help. And please pay attention to the air alerts during the week. Together and helping each other we will pass this challenge of war as well: this winter, this Russia's attempt to use the cold against people. The situation at the front remains very difficult. And most of all - in the Donetsk region, as in previous weeks. I want to thank all our warriors, all our heroes for their resilience today! To endure now and defend ourselves now is to endure and defend ourselves for generations to come for all Ukrainians throughout our beautiful land. We are doing and will do everything possible to strengthen our defense. We are doing and will do everything to hold Russia accountable for this war, for this terror. And in order to achieve these results, there will be new important steps in the upcoming week. I thank all our partners who help us! I am grateful to every leader who perceives the defense of Ukraine as the defense of freedom and security for his country as well! Together we will endure everything. I'm sure of that! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine