1 capture 01 May 2023 Apr MAY Jun 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230501204619/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-05-2022&date-to=01-05-2023&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian invaders will receive our response to every attack - address by the President of Ukraine 1 May 2023 - 22:00 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Now there is an opportunity to give new impetus to relations between Ukraine and China - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 April 2023 - 22:25 There is an opportunity to use China's political influence to restore the strength of the principles and rules on which peace should be based. Olena Zelenska, King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla took part in the proclamation of the UK-Ukraine library twinning 26 April 2023 - 20:07 The event brought together Liverpool Central Library and Mykhailo Hrushevsky Odesa Scientific Library. Olena Zelenska thanked Their Majesties and the United Kingdom for their support of Ukraine, particularly in the field of culture. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of the People’s Republic of China 26 April 2023 - 18:33 During a productive hour-long conversation, the heads of state discussed a full range of topical issues of bilateral relations. Special attention was paid to the ways of possible cooperation to establish a just and sustainable peace for Ukraine. Ukraine has a unique experience of protecting the state and people in the conditions of aggression, so we invite Italy to build a new security of the world together - President at the Ukraine Recovery Conference in Rome 26 April 2023 - 18:21 I invite your businesses, your investments, your experience to come to Ukraine right now. President honored the memory of the victims of the Chornobyl disaster 26 April 2023 - 11:59 On the 37th anniversary of the Chornobyl nuclear power plant tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the liquidators who died as a result of the accident. Every manifestation of Russian terror is an additional argument that everything should end in the Tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 25 April 2023 - 22:23 Russia can be stopped. This is a common interest. Stopped by the might of our warriors on the frontline. By our weapons, both Ukrainian and those we receive from our partners. By the power of law, that is, sanctions that need to be constantly enhanced, and by our joint work for justice. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 25 April 2023 - 14:31 The participants of the meeting analyzed the state of providing the defense units of Ukraine with ammunition and weaponry. In addition, consideration of the issue of staffing and military equipment provision for the newly created brigades was held. Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul, presented a new action plan to further strengthen sanctions pressure on Russia. Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 The parties discussed ways to strengthen cooperation to stop the violation of the rights of Ukrainian children by the Russian Federation, in particular their illegal deportation from the territory of Ukraine. We are already preparing our energy sector for the next winter - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2023 - 19:42 I came back to Kyiv from a working trip to Zhytomyr, we actually worked there all day. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine