1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=105 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Further support of Ukraine is in the interests of the United States and all those who value freedom - Andriy Yermak in his address to the World Affairs Council of San Antonio 16 March 2023 - 20:17 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that after more than a year of full-scale Russian invasion, Ukraine has withstood and will not surrender to the enemy. Our country is extremely grateful for the support of the United States of America and all those who came to the aid of Ukrainians in their struggle for freedom. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister of Latvia 16 March 2023 - 19:25 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of the recent approval by the Latvian government of a new substantial package of military assistance to Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 16 March 2023 - 09:26 Particular attention was paid to the issue of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, in which Estonia is a reliable partner of our country. Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:45 The occupier must be destroyed. Thank you to everyone who makes this possible! Glory to each and every one who is now in combat! Glory to everyone who helps! President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Laurene Powell Jobs, American entrepreneur, philanthropist and owner of The Atlantic magazine. The meeting was also attended by the magazine's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg and journalist Anne Applebaum. The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 We will win this war. We are doing everything for this. We support each other. We reinforce the state. We unite the world for the sake of our victory, which actually consists of the actions of all those who are fighting for Ukraine, who are fighting for our country and for their brothers-in-arms, who are doing everything in order not to let the enemy take either our land or Ukrainian glory. Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda. The wife of the Ukrainian President thanked for the constant and active assistance to Ukraine. Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir 14 March 2023 - 20:18 The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Iceland reaffirm their support for the principles of international law, the inviolability of borders, and the right for each state to choose its own path and security arrangements. Andriy Yermak discussed with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme the issue of Russian responsibility for environmental crimes in Ukraine 14 March 2023 - 19:45 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Inger Andersen. Ukrainian volunteers fight for our country every day and will definitely emerge victorious - Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors who defend Ukraine in various units 14 March 2023 - 19:13 On the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with warriors who stood up for Ukraine as part of various combat units. The Head of State presented high state awards to the military and relatives of the fallen defenders. 1 2 ... 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine