6 captures 28 Sep 2020 - 15 Aug 2025 Jun JUL Aug 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220704212613/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-komandoyu-predstavnictva-prezide-59769 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:16 View all videos n latest news The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:13 At the conference in Lugano, Olena Zelenska announced the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 4 July 2022 - 21:30 Transparency and trust should be the main principle of using the funds directed to the reconstruction of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at the conference in Lugano 4 July 2022 - 21:25 Joint statement of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden Magdalena Andersson 4 July 2022 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden in Kyiv 4 July 2022 - 19:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State met with the team of the President's representative office in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea 13 February 2020 - 18:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed pressing issues of Ukrainians from Crimea with Permanent Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Anton Korynevych and his deputies Darya Svyrydova and Tamila Tasheva. At the beginning of the meeting, the Head of State asked the leadership of the representative office in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea to inform him what assistance he, as President, can provide in day-to-day activities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that he would like to receive information about the situation on the Crimean peninsula directly from people living there. “If not with our own eyes, then with the eyes of people living in Crimea. So that they can give us information and we can receive it via you,” he said. The President of Ukraine informed of the plans to build a settlement in the Kherson region for IDPs from Crimea, including more than 500 families of Crimean Tatars. Respective agreements were reached during his meeting with the President of Turkey. “We want to build such a settlement. We have to start this year. What we need from you is communication and control,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to the President, a special hub with developed infrastructure will be created at Chonhar checkpoint on the administrative border with the temporarily occupied Crimea for comfortable crossing of the checkpoint by Ukrainians. In addition, high-quality roads will be built and transport connections will be provided. “My idea is that they can see how we treat people, Crimeans. You arrive and see a "garden city". You feel the difference, as everything is at the highest level here: gas station, school, kindergarten, houses,” the President said, urging Anton Korynevych to become the driving force of this project. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also emphasized the importance of implementing a program that simplifies the procedure of studying in Ukrainian higher education institutions for the children from the occupied territories. "For them to immediately receive all the documents at the checkpoint and be aware of the possibility of entering any university," the Head of State said. The Representative of the President informed that a meeting of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Human Rights took place at Chonhar checkpoint with participation of the inhabitants of the peninsula on February 12. During this meeting, the Crimeans spoke about the violation of their rights in Crimea, as well as the importance of unhindered access to high-quality medical, educational, administrative and other services. Anton Korynevych thanked Volodymyr Zelenskyy for his attention to the activities of the Representative Office in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and stressed the importance of further joint work on the problem of the occupied territories "to keep Crimea on the agenda". In addition, Anton Korynevych urged the President to help speed up the finalization of the bill on the protection of political prisoners, outlined his vision of the concept of transitional justice and stressed the importance of supporting the Crimean Tatar people. Volodymyr Zelenskyy supported the proposal to create a special fund to provide grants to the talented Crimeans for their development, education, and representation of our country in the international field. “This is a purely humanitarian initiative. It will show that this state is waiting for them, that Ukraine is Europe and freedom indeed,” Anton Korynevych said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine