14 captures 16 Apr 2021 - 13 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061720/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/centr-protidiyi-dezinformaciyi-maye-stati-mizhnarodnim-habom-67821 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Center for Countering Disinformation should become an international hub for collecting and analyzing information to ensure Ukraine's security and help our partners - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with foreign diplomats 6 April 2021 - 15:40 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Finland, Israel, as well as the heads of the EU and NATO missions in Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the work of the Center for Countering Disinformation and discussed opportunities for cooperation in information security. The event was also attended by Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov, Deputy Head of the President's Office Ihor Zhovkva, Head of the Center for Countering Disinformation Polina Lysenko and Deputy Chairman of the Executive Committee for Reforms Oleksandr Olshansky. Andriy Yermak thanked the diplomats and their countries for the support of Ukraine and the solidarity expressed by the heads of state in talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He said that the idea of creating a Center for Countering Disinformation has been brewing since 2014. "Unfortunately, Ukraine has really become a testing ground and a center of disinformation, especially on the part of the Russian Federation. And this applies today not only to the events in Donbas and the occupied Crimea, but also to almost all spheres of life," said the Head of the President's Office. Andriy Yermak introduced to the diplomats the Head of the Center - Polina Lysenko. According to him, the Center has already started its work, develops communication between all government agencies and plans to start coordination with foreign partners. "I hope that the Center will become not only a Ukrainian center for countering disinformation, but also an international one.… We want our counteraction and prevention to protect not only us, but also our partners. I think that each country has its own negative experience of disinformation, which is spread by the Russian Federation," the Head of the Office of the President emphasized. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov noted that work on countering disinformation had been carried out before, but the President gave it a boost by initiating the creation of a separate institution in the form of the Center for Countering Disinformation. Polina Lysenko, for her part, spoke about the tasks of the agency under her control, its structure and clearly demonstrated how the disinformation monitoring system will work. "The purpose of the Center is to emphasize the importance of protecting the information sphere for the national security of Ukraine, to counteract propaganda, destructive disinformation and campaigns, as well as to prevent manipulation of public opinion," said the Head of the Center. According to her, the main focus will be on countering the spread of false information on the Internet and fakes in the media. "We have a large number of information attacks, and in these conditions Ukraine must be ready to defend its sovereignty in this area. The truth will be the main weapon of the Center's work,” Polina Lysenko stressed. She expressed hope for effective cooperation with Ukraine's international partners to draw on their experience. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine