5 captures 05 Aug 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240805092134/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Greeting on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 4 August 2024 - 18:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood 15 July 2024 - 09:01 Today, on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, on the Day of the Baptism of Kyivan Rus’-Ukraine, we remember the path that Ukraine has overcome, and we are fully focused on the battle that Ukraine must win. This battle is for our independence. So that this independence can be inherited by future generations. Inherited, not fought for. So that we can give them pride in Ukraine, not its pain. We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:40 There is the Ukrainian Compact, which was endorsed at the NATO Summit in Washington. This is all about weapons for our soldiers, about the work of defense companies in Ukraine and with Ukraine, about support for our recovery – everything is as concrete as possible and truly supports our defense of life. Preparation of the Security Agreement and Return of Ukrainian Children: President of Ukraine Met with the Taoiseach of Ireland 13 July 2024 - 16:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Taoiseach Simon Harris in Shannon. We Need Your Help to Save Lives and Rebuild – Olena Zelenska at the Meeting with American Businessmen and Philanthropists 13 July 2024 - 15:52 During a visit to Salt Lake City, the First Lady met with businessmen and philanthropists, urging them to get involved in Ukraine's recovery. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Hollywood Actor Matthew McConaughey and Invited Him to Support the UNITED24 Platform 13 July 2024 - 10:00 During their visit to the United States, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska met with Hollywood actor Matthew McConaughey, his wife Camila Alves and First Lady of Utah Abby Cox. Reconstruction of Ukraine and Support on the Path to NATO: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with U.S. Congressional Delegation 13 July 2024 - 01:25 In Salt Lake City, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Congressmen from Utah and other U.S. states. Kyiv Regional Military Administration and the State of Utah Signed a Memorandum of Understanding 13 July 2024 - 00:40 In the presence of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova and Utah Governor Spencer Cox signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Kyiv Regional Military Administration and the State of Utah. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City 12 July 2024 - 23:57 In Salt Lake City, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska met with leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, whose members make up the majority of Utah's population. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Regional Cooperation with the Governor of Utah 12 July 2024 - 23:37 During their working visit to the United States, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska met with Governor and First Lady of Utah Spencer and Abby Cox. I Invite You to Build People-to-People Connections That Will Last Forever – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Meeting of the US National Governors Association 12 July 2024 - 23:26 Today, I especially want to personally thank you for your support – the state of Utah, other states, many American hearts, and many American communities – all those who do not want and will not allow evil to prevail. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine