9 captures 09 Oct 2021 - 21 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaklikav-uchasnikiv-robochoyi-zustrichi-shodo-70873 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak called on the participants of the working meeting on judicial reform to hold an open dialogue in order to implement the necessary changes as soon as possible 30 September 2021 - 22:00 A working meeting on the state of implementation of judicial reform in Ukraine was held at the President's Office with the participation of the ambassadors of the G7 countries. The meeting was opened by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak who stressed that judicial reform is a priority for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team. "I am convinced that we all have the same goal - a transparent, honest, fair judicial system that we want to build in our country. And this cannot be done if we do not communicate openly, honestly with each other and resolve any issues among like-minded people and friends of our country," he said. Andriy Yermak believes that such meetings - both with the participation of G7 ambassadors and at the technical level - should become regular. He noted that Volodymyr Zelenskyy is very interested in judicial reform to take place at the same pace as that of other transformations in the country. "We understand that sometimes this is a process, sometimes it is impossible to do it faster than it is within the current legislation, but the shortest possible time for the implementation of the judicial reform is a priority for the President," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Office of the President thanked the international partners and the Council of Judges of Ukraine for nominating candidates to the competition commission for the selection of members of the High Qualification Commission of Judges. He hopes that this body will start working soon. "And I would like all the pertaining issues to be resolved on this platform. We are against any formal meetings, let's communicate openly, criticize openly. I think that we have all laid the foundation for judicial reform, and today we finally need to resolve all technical issues, doubts, misunderstandings openly, jointly, with the involvement of our international partners," Andriy Yermak stressed. Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Law Enforcement, Head of the Commission on Legal Reform under the President Serhiy Ionushas noted that the list of candidates for the Ethics Council included well-known foreign retired judges and prosecutors with impeccable professional reputation and experience. At the same time, the pace of selection of candidates does not meet the expectations of society and the proposals of the Head of State and Parliament. Serhiy Ionushas informed the participants of the meeting about the appeal of President of the Venice Commission Gianni Buquicchio to refrain from any actions that delay the selection of candidates and may harm the establishment of an independent judiciary in Ukraine. The people's deputy stated that the Council of Judges has not yet identified three candidates for the Ethics Council. According to Serhiy Ionushas, if the judicial self-government fails to elect its candidates, the Verkhovna Rada will be forced to respond to this challenge. "I would like to call on the representatives of the Council of Judges to complete all the necessary procedures for the selection of candidates for the Ethics Council as soon as possible. This is an important event that we are all waiting for," he said. Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Ukraine Melinda Simmons believes that the process of judicial reform should be accelerated, as its current pace does not contribute to the implementation of the necessary changes. "The law we are talking about today has been elaborated for a long time, so we are now convinced that it should be implemented, not changed. It is important, in particular, for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic ambitions, European integration, cooperation with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund," she said. For his part, Chairman of the Council of Judges of Ukraine Bohdan Monich assured that this body, despite its warnings, continues to move in the direction of compliance with the law. "We will comply with the law, regardless of whether any changes are made to it. We hope that by the end of October we will be able to elect our candidates to the Ethics Council," Bohdan Monich said. President of the Supreme Court Valentyna Danishevska stressed that the judiciary strives for change, but it must not lose its agency, and the state cannot exist without the judiciary. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine