8 captures 14 Oct 2022 - 10 May 2025 Sep OCT Nov 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221014215701/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-povernuti-mir-i-zabezpechiti-nashij-derzhavi-istorich-78509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:16 View all videos n latest news We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:12 On Day of Defenders of Ukraine President presents orders of Gold Star, Cross of Combat Merit awards, awards military units with honorary titles 14 October 2022 - 20:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a military hospital and presented state awards to the wounded defenders of Ukraine and military medics 14 October 2022 - 16:45 It is necessary to stop the terrorist pressure that Russia exerts on European countries - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Bild 14 October 2022 - 15:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:12 Dear great people of the great country! This day is passing – October 14, our holiday. The holiday of all defenders of Ukraine, the Feast of the Patronage of the Most Holy Mother of God. Day of the Cossacks. The 233rd day of our full-scale defense in the war for freedom for Ukraine. I want to thank now all our people who today congratulated each other, who congratulated our military, all our soldiers. I want to thank those who continued to work today for the sake of our strength. I want to thank everyone who spent this day, like many others, in battle and on guard duty. In Mykolayiv region and Kherson region, in Zaporizhzhia region, in Dnipropetrovsk region, in Donbas, in Kharkiv region. In Odesa region and in the center of our country, in the north and west – in all our regions. Along our state border. I thank everyone who guards our sky, our sea and our cyberspace. And I would like to thank everyone who today, quietly, silently, even in their hearts, but together with the whole country celebrated the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, being in the temporarily occupied territory or forcibly in the territory of Russia. Ukraine remembers everyone. We will leave no one and nothing Ukrainian to the enemy. Let's liberate all ours. We will return everything that is rightfully ours. We know that we can do it. And we must do it. It will definitely be like that. We must restore peace. And let's do it. We must secure a historic victory for our country. And it will be. Look like the enemy is disturbed. Listen to what and how they ask the leader of these terrorists when he does go out to people, to journalists. Russia is already in the atmosphere of its defeat, already in the atmosphere of hopelessness for itself. Yes, they still have people they throw into attacks. They have weapons, missiles and Shahed UAVs, which they use against Ukraine. They still have the opportunity to terrorize our cities and all Europeans, blackmail the world. But they have no chance. And it won't be, because Ukraine is moving forward. Today, I had the honor to present Crosses of Combat Merit and Gold Star orders to our heroes. In total, 483 soldiers were awarded state awards on the occasion of the holiday. Fifteen were awarded the title Hero of Ukraine. I visited our wounded soldiers in the hospital. I thanked the doctors and nurses for their work – great work, professional. I held a meeting of the Headquarters of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief. We discussed the situation on the front line, the actions of the enemy and our steps to liberate Ukrainian territory. In addition, the supply of ammunition, preparation for winter. It was a very substantial meeting. Reconstruction work in the regions after the recent series of Russian terrorist attacks continues. The technical possibility of electricity supply has been restored in most regions. Although in some cities and districts, power companies are still forced to use stabilization shutdown schedules. Fifteen objects that the Russian terrorists wanted to destroy have already been completely restored. We will restore all the others. I draw your attention, dear Ukrainians: please, it is still necessary to advisedly limit the consumption of electricity during peak hours so that the entire power system works stably. It is also an element of the protection of our state. I spoke with a friend of all Ukraine –President of Lithuania Nausėda. About our defense needs and further Euro-Atlantic integration. I also held a meeting on the state of the Euro-Atlantic movement of our country and security guarantees for Ukraine. The Government, the Verkhovna Rada, the Office – all are involved. I spoke today with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia. We discussed our possibilities to act together in the interests of our states and peoples. I believe that the desired results are possible. Glory to all our heroes! Glory to our beautiful people! I'm thankful to everyone who defends and rebuilds, who works and helps, who fights and wins! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine