1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224045806/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine is well aware of what is happening on our borders and does not react to provocations - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 February 2022 - 20:56 Ukraine has been in a tense situation for many years, but today the risks have increased due to the significant concentration of Russian troops on our borders. However, the Ukrainian defense forces understand everything and do not react to provocations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in a panel discussion in the framework of the 58th Munich Security Conference. Ukraine initiates consultations in the framework of the Budapest Memorandum - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 18:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also proposed to convene a summit of permanent members of the UN Security Council in the coming weeks with the participation of Ukraine, Germany and Turkey in order to address security challenges in Europe and elaborate new, effective security guarantees for Ukraine, as long as it is not a member of NATO yet and in fact is in a “security vacuum”. Regarding the participation of the Head of State in the Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 09:27 Today, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will pay a visit to Munich (Germany) to take part in the annual security conference and hold talks scheduled for this venue. The visit is planned to be dynamic, the return to Kyiv is today. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 As long as Ukraine is not a full member of NATO, it is necessary to conclude a global document between the world's leading states, which would put security guarantees for our country on paper. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for RBC-Ukraine. President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 Ukraine not only defends its territory, but also deters further encroachments in Eastern Europe. Therefore, the weapons provided to our country by international partners are an aid to them as well, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for RBC-Ukraine. In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Avdiivka and honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for the city. President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions of Ukrainian servicemen on the front line of defense, where intense shelling continues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an urgent phone conversation with the President of the European Council 17 February 2022 - 14:49 The President put emphasis upon the shelling of a kindergarten in Stanytsia Luhanska by illegal armed groups this morning and called it a big provocation. President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 The Head of State put to sea aboard the Captain Chusov search and rescue ship. Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard information on the implementation of tasks by Marine Guard units in the Ukrainian part of the Sea of Azov. Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace - President 17 February 2022 - 12:06 Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace, but despite public statements, the Russian side does not show willingness for a real conversation. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Mariupol, Donetsk region. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine