6 captures 26 Aug 2022 - 12 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220826010056/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-zustrich-iz-parlamentskoyu-delegaciyeyu-77317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Joseph Biden 25 August 2022 - 21:17 President discussed support for Ukraine with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Italy 25 August 2022 - 16:53 Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the United for Ukraine parliamentary delegation 25 August 2022 - 15:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 24 August 2022 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the United for Ukraine parliamentary delegation 25 August 2022 - 15:31 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the international inter-parliamentary network "United for Ukraine", which included 30 representatives of the national parliaments of 13 countries - members of the EU, Great Britain, Norway and the European Parliament. Ihor Zhovkva noted the important role of the association in promoting the foreign policy agenda of Ukraine in the societies and parliaments of the represented states. "A striking joint achievement was the unanimous support of all EU countries for granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union," he emphasized. The parties discussed in detail our state's implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission necessary for the advancement of Ukraine on the way to EU membership. "Implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission by the end of 2022 is quite realistic for us. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the team of the Office of the Head of State and all branches of government are united around this goal in order to move to the next stage in 2023 - the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU. Work in this direction does not stop for a single day," Ihor Zhovkva noted. He informed the foreign parliamentarians about the current security situation in our country as a result of full-scale Russian aggression. The Deputy Head of the President's Office called for maximum efforts to increase the amount of weapons provided to Ukraine, which stands guard over European security. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the represented countries for the high level of participation in the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform, which after a year of work expanded the circle of participants, the network of countries lobbying for the deoccupation of Ukrainian Crimea. This year, 60 representatives of states and international organizations from five continents took part in the summit. "The deoccupation of Crimea and at the same time the restoration of civilized rules of the world order should become our joint story of success," summed up the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine