6 captures 09 Dec 2022 - 16 May 2025 Nov DEC Jan 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221209030447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-mene-chest-predstavlyati-vsih-ukrayinciv-vistup-prezide-79721 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am sure that mine terror will be among the charges against Russia for aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 8 December 2022 - 22:17 View all videos n latest news I am sure that mine terror will be among the charges against Russia for aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 8 December 2022 - 22:17 Olena Zelenska opened an extended meeting of the Interagency Coordination Council on Mental Health Protection and Provision of Psychological Assistance to Victims of the Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation 8 December 2022 - 19:49 President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Slovak Republic headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia 8 December 2022 - 19:36 Volodymyr Zelenskyy was designated as the most influential person of the year in Europe according to Politico 8 December 2022 - 12:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is an honor for me to represent all Ukrainians - President's speech at the annual announcement of the list of the most influential people in Europe Politico 28 8 December 2022 - 12:14 Ladies and Gentlemen! I thank you for this award to the Ukrainian people. And I mean it – it is destined to all Ukrainians. Because leaders can be truly influential only when they represent not only themselves, but the common will, common dream, common goal of their people. This is how we live in Ukraine. We are as united as possible – and that is why we are that strong. We are focused on protecting our independence – and that is why we are achieving our goals. We have faced the threat of losing everything – and that is why we have found the strength to become number one. The Ukrainian military, who protect us all on the battlefields, are number one. Maryinka, Avdiivka, Bakhmut, Soledar, Kreminna – please remember these names... that is where freedom is now being fought for. For all of us in Europe. In hard battles and at the cost of many lives. Ukrainian businessmen who, despite the total war, supply everything necessary for the life of the country, protect jobs and pay taxes, are number one. And I thank all our friends in Europe who help us maintain stability. Ukrainian doctors, energy workers, sappers, volunteers, drivers and builders, defense workers, teachers, policemen, diplomats... Hundreds of thousands of those who help millions live through this terrible time – they are number one. And it is an honor for me to represent all these people. All Ukrainians. And guide our common will for our common dream. For the sake of a common goal... For the sake of Ukraine's victory in this war. For the sake of rebuilding Ukraine. For the full accession of Ukraine to the community of European nations – to our European Union. I believe that Ukrainians will be the most influential next year as well. But – already in peacetime. Thanks to everyone who supports us! Thank you, Politico, for being always unbiased! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine