1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=21 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: Ukraine's membership in NATO is a matter for the Ukrainian people and members of the Alliance, not for any other country 16 December 2021 - 13:33 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hopes that in the issue of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects, NATO member states will be guided by the position and choice of the Ukrainian people, without giving in to threats and any "red lines" of other states. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: At the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg the directions of cooperation between Ukraine and NATO were discussed in detail 16 December 2021 - 12:38 According to the President, the talks with Jens Stoltenberg included Ukraine's participation in NATO-led missions, involvement in the NATO Response Force and military exercises. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Chancellor of Austria 15 December 2021 - 23:19 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Karl Nehammer in the framework of the Eastern Partnership Summit. Joint Statement issued by the Heads of State/Government of Association Trio – Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine following the 6th Eastern Partnership Summit 15 December 2021 - 22:54 We, the Heads of State/Government of Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine welcomed the endorsement by the EaP Summit the Economic and Investment Plan for the Eastern Partnership, which includes concrete flagship initiatives for Partner Countries. President: Ukraine gained full support at the Eastern Partnership Summit 15 December 2021 - 22:41 Ukraine has gained full support of all countries present at the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives on the sidelines of the summit. Ukraine is ready to work in the Normandy format, and will welcome the more active role of the United States in ending the war in Donbas - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 December 2021 - 22:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated his readiness to use all available formats of negotiations, and also welcomed new possible formats that would help end the war in Donbas and bring peace to the entire territory of our country. President met with the Prime Minister of Belgium 15 December 2021 - 22:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy suggested that the Belgian Prime Minister consider the possibility of supporting Ukraine's European aspirations by concluding a bilateral Declaration in support of our country's European perspective. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Spain 15 December 2021 - 22:03 The President expressed high expectations for the intensification of bilateral Ukrainian-Spanish cooperation in the near future, in particular in view of the planned visit of the Prime Minister of Spain to Ukraine in 2022. President of Ukraine addressed the plenary session of the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels 15 December 2021 - 21:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the plenary session of the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit in Brussels. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed Donbas issue settlement with the Federal Chancellor of Germany and the President of France 15 December 2021 - 18:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Olaf Scholz and Emmanuel Macron agreed to make every effort to achieve real progress in stabilizing the situation in Donbas and called on the Russian party to resume constructive work in the Normandy format. 1 2 ... 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine