3 captures 10 Jun 2024 - 21 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610075808/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-postaviv-nizku-zavdan-kabinetu-ministriv-z-me-59533?fbclid=IwAR3mikyDsS3je-vxg1UpK2JlkZ7lZ3ogLvtq-MNtN9PZ1DNboePgw46EVlQ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 We Have Already Reached Agreements with Partners on Additional Air Defense Systems for Ukraine – Address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 20:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President set a number of tasks before the Cabinet of Ministers to prevent the spread of coronavirus to Ukraine 31 January 2020 - 14:45 Given the announcement by the World Health Organization (WHO) of a state of emergency of international importance in the field of public healthcare due to the global outbreak of a new coronavirus, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has set a number of tasks before the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine to enhance measures preventing the spread of Chinese coronavirus to Ukraine. The Head of State emphasized that the situation with the spread of the virus was completely controlled and remained in the field of his constant attention. Currently, no cases of infection have been reported in Ukraine and there are no grounds for any emergency measures. All the necessary resources are involved, the government has all the information in its entirety. Continuous monitoring of the spread of the new coronavirus abroad is being conducted, and preventive measures are being carried out inside the country. Ukraine is taking a complex of steps to prevent the spread of coronavirus to Ukraine. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned to transfer the activity of the operational staff preventing the spread of the disease to the territory of Ukraine, which operates under the Ministry of Healthcare, to the level of the Cabinet of Ministers by establishing an appropriate working group. The Head of State also considers it necessary to develop a national plan of anti-epidemic response to the spread of 2019-nCoV involving resources not only from the Ministry of Healthcare, but also from the Ministry of the Interior, Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Education and Science, Ministry of Infrastructure and a number of other services and organizations. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the necessity of holding measures to prevent the disease. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine