1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050512/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=16 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Today, the partnership between Ukraine and France in the field of security is of special importance - President 8 February 2022 - 17:04 Ukraine and France share a common vision of current threats and security challenges for our country, Europe and the world at large. That is why the partnership of our states in the field of security is of special importance today. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with President of France Emmanuel Macron in Kyiv. Following the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and France in Kyiv, a number of bilateral documents were signed 8 February 2022 - 16:19 "Today we have finalized the agreements and put into practice very important projects: the supply of 130 Alstom locomotives worth 900 million euros and the supply of 370 Desautel units of fire and rescue equipment for 300 million euros,” the President of Ukraine said. The launch of "Diia City" will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe - President 8 February 2022 - 14:02 "We are transforming Ukraine into a country of IT companies and startups. Thanks to Diia City, the share of IT in our country's GDP will increase from 4% to 10%, and the industry's revenues will grow up to $ 16.5 billion. This will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe," he said. Vaccinated Ukrainians over the age of 60 will be able to get a free smartphone and Internet on preferential terms - President 8 February 2022 - 13:31 In the spring, a new state program will be launched in Ukraine, under which vaccinated citizens over the age of 60 will be able to receive a free modern smartphone and a reduced rate for using the mobile Internet. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a speech at the Diia Summit in Kyiv. The "Diia. Business without Barriers" section was launched on the "Diia" portal, and “Diia. Barrier-free” is coming soon 8 February 2022 - 13:02 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a large-scale Diia Summit event, during which she spoke about the new options of the Diia public services portal in the barrier-free direction. President of Ukraine began a meeting with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 12:51 After the talks, which will take place at the Mariyinsky Palace, the leaders will meet with media representatives. As of today, services to change the place of residence registration and polls as the first step towards direct democracy are available in Diia – Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 8 February 2022 - 12:48 "As of today there will be no registrations, offices, passport desks, military enlistment offices and so on. You can now change your residence registration online in a few clicks," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. This week the eSupport program for the purchase of medicines will be extended to people with disabilities of I and II groups - a conference call 7 February 2022 - 15:31 It is expected that the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine will increase for a few weeks more, so citizens should be more actively vaccinated to protect themselves from severe disease. This was discussed during a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. Andriy Sybiha met with the Secretary General of GUAM 7 February 2022 - 15:05 The parties discussed the current activities of the Organization, its main priorities for the near future, as well as the work of the GUAM headquarters located in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelensky met with representatives of the IT industry on the eve of the Diia Summit and the launch of “Diia City” 4 February 2022 - 20:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and representatives of the IT industry held a meeting to discuss urgent issues of industry development and the launch of a special legal and tax regime "Diia City" scheduled for February 8 this year. 1 2 ... 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine