9 captures 20 May 2020 - 19 Jun 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323221755/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koronavirus-viplati-likaryam-i-miscevi-vibori-zvernennya-pre-61041 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 A website for targeted humanitarian aid in Ukraine has been created - President 23 March 2022 - 09:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Coronavirus, payments to doctors and local elections: address by the President of Ukraine to the citizens 6 May 2020 - 19:48 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! I'll start with the good news - every day the number of people recovering from coronavirus is steadily growing. This is a positive trend that gives optimism. At the same time, if we want to preserve all this, we must not relax, we must exit quarantine in a disciplined manner and in accordance with a step-by-step plan. Let me remind you that the first quarantine mitigation will take place in five days. Then the news will not be very pleasant. Fortunately, they are unpleasant not for all Ukrainians, but only for some heads of regional state administrations. Back in mid-April, the government transferred funds to pay supplements to our doctors who fight coronavirus. However, in some regions there are cases when these funds were not paid. I understand that this address can be watched by children, and, unfortunately, I cannot say all the words that these individual officials deserve. Such treatment of Ukrainian doctors is unacceptable. I instruct all heads of regional state administrations to pay off their debts to doctors in the coming days. Next week, we will receive complete information on each hospital and each health worker regarding their salaries and supplements. In the regions with non-payment, the heads of regional state administrations will at least be deprived of salaries, and possibly deprived of their positions. Then a few words about politics, but also, so to speak, in the context of medicine. The fact is that the virus, which has been with some political parties for the last 28 years, has been activated. This virus is called "trickery". Realizing their meager chances in local elections, some parties are trying to change the law and set contrived barriers for regional parties. Thus, old politicians want to "sneak" into the local authorities, despite the political will of the region's residents. In fact, they are trying to deprive small parties and non-partisan citizens of the opportunity to change their region for the better. I will not allow this. The right to be elected is a constitutional right of every citizen of Ukraine, and the President is the guarantor of this right. Therefore, there will be no "two thirds", "five percent" or other "schemes". This is the position of both me and the “Servant of the People” party. I can say only one thing to old politicians. If you do not have support in some region of our country, then you need to change your actions, not the election law. Finally, I would like to congratulate our courageous Ukrainian infantry on their professional holiday - Infantry Day. Today is also the Day of St. Yuriy Zmeeborets - one of the patrons of our army. Let him protect you and help you overcome all the "vipers". And I wish good health and traditional 36.6 to all Ukrainians! Take care of ourselves! Save Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine