1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022916/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-zi-specposlancem-yes-z-pitan-i-83637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions 16 June 2023 - 09:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions David O'Sullivan, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. Andriy Yermak thanked David O'Sullivan for his work to support Ukraine and ensure compliance with the sanctions imposed on Russia. "Thank you for everything you do for us, for helping Ukraine. I am convinced that sanctions are a very powerful weapon," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak noted that the EU should engage the Ukrainian team more actively in sanctions activities, as the Ukrainian side has information about individuals close to Russia's military and political leadership who are directly involved in the war against Ukraine or support Russian aggression. As an example, he mentioned the recent public calls by Russian propagandists for the destruction of Ukrainian equipment and promises of "rewards" for such actions. "We expect these propagandists to be subject to sanctions. I think this is very important," said the Head of the Presidential Office. He also emphasized the readiness of the Ukrainian side to join the sanctions efforts against third countries that continue to support Russia. According to Andriy Yermak, Ukraine is currently building relations with the countries of the Global South and informing these countries about Russia's attempts to use them to circumvent sanctions. "We are ready to work 24/7, collect evidence and necessary documents, coordinate actions and put pressure on these countries," the Head of the Presidential Office stated. According to the Head of the Presidential Office, such work is especially important in the context of stopping the re-export of military-industrial technologies and components from third countries to Russia, which still allows it to produce missiles and continue to shell Ukrainian civilians and civilian infrastructure. "Let's work more closely, work as a team. We are very open and interested in making this work effective," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The interlocutors also discussed the prospects of introducing the new 11th EU sanctions package. Its priorities include ensuring the implementation and compliance with sanctions, as well as countering their circumvention; creating legal instruments to impose sanctions against third countries that deliberately facilitate the circumvention of EU sanctions. It also considers the expansion of bans on dual-use goods and military-industrial complex technologies. In addition, it is envisaged to expand personal sanctions on propagandists, military personnel and those involved in the forced displacement and abduction of Ukrainian children, etc. David O'Sullivan, for his part, informed Andriy Yermak about his contacts with the leaders of the countries he had visited recently and the results of negotiations on measures to restrict trade in arms and dual-use goods with Russia. He assured that the European Union will continue to help Ukraine for as long as it takes. He also expressed hope that the 11th sanctions package would be approved in the near future. "We thank you for what your military and your President are doing. We support you because we understand that everything that is happening is not only about Ukraine and for Ukraine. It is about the future of this entire continent. We thank you and everyone in your country for everything you are doing," the Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine