5 captures 15 Apr 2021 - 30 Apr 2025 Mar APR May 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220403221732/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-buduyemo-vijsko-de-derzhava-zahishaye-lyudej-yaki-zahisha-65437 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is time to do everything to make the war crimes of the Russian military the last manifestation of this evil on earth - address by the President of Ukraine 3 April 2022 - 21:25 View all videos n latest news It is time to do everything to make the war crimes of the Russian military the last manifestation of this evil on earth - address by the President of Ukraine 3 April 2022 - 21:22 President paid a visit to the wounded border guards at the Main Military Medical Center and presented state awards 3 April 2022 - 17:29 Do everything you can for us to withstand together in this war for our freedom and independence - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 April 2022 - 00:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the development of the Ukrainian economy in wartime 2 April 2022 - 16:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded border guards at the Main Military Medical Center 3 April 2022 - 17:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We are building the army where the state protects the people who defend the state - President during the celebration of the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 December 2020 - 12:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, presented state awards and conferred honorary titles on military units. Warriors of the Honor Guard, flag-bearing groups of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine lined up in the square in front of the main entrance to the Mariyinsky Palace. The National Anthem of Ukraine was performed by a military orchestra and the State Flag of Ukraine was raised. After the anthem, a video was broadcast from the ceremony of raising the flag of the Armed Forces of Ukraine at the General Staff, flags at the command centers of the Armed Forces in Kyiv, Vinnytsia, Odesa and some branches of the Armed Forces in Zhytomyr and Berdychiv. The President of Ukraine greeted the military personnel. He noted that Ukrainian warriors serve regardless of weekends and holidays, at any time of year and in any weather. "You always defend Ukraine. So, both Ukraine and all our people will always remember your feat, feel your protection and bow to your strength. Every day. And especially today - on your holiday, on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine! And, of course, we will remember all the sons and daughters of Ukraine who gave their lives for the sake of our future and protection of the country from the Russian aggressor," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State declared a moment of silence for the deceased. The President stressed that a strong and capable army is a guarantee of freedom and independence of Ukraine. And gaining NATO's Enhanced Opportunities Partner status proves that the Ukrainian army reform is moving in the right direction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed that defense funding will not be reduced even by a single hryvnia, and the Armed Forces of Ukraine will receive the latest and modernized weapons and equipment. "We will never cut corners on our own army, and therefore on the security of our own country," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that the constant priority is the social protection of the military and their families, in particular the provision of housing. According to the Head of State, on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, servicemen will receive about 300 apartments. And in total the issue of housing has been completely solved for more than 600 servicemen this year. "We are building the army where the state protects the people who defend the state. The army that will defend Ukraine on land, at sea, in the sky and cyberspace. For the sake of our future. For the sake of peace in Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The Head of State also reminded that today is the 133rd day of the ceasefire in Donbas, the longest truce since the beginning of the war. During the silence regime, the occasions of shelling decreased fivefold, and combat losses among the military were reduced 10 times. He noted that this was made possible by the Ukrainian military. "It is thanks to your endurance, resilience and wisdom that the silence in the east has not only been declared, not only been enshrined in diplomatic documents, but also has really lasted for more than four months. Thank you for not giving in to provocations. For understanding why this is so important. For showing the whole world how much Ukraine and its army do to end the war," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed hope that next time the silence in Donbas will be broken only by fireworks, which Ukraine will use to celebrate the return of peace to the entire territory of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. "I congratulate each of you on this holiday! I wish you and your families good health. May God protect each of you. Always come back alive,” the Head of State said. ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 December 2020 - 11:31 ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 December 2020 - 11:31 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine