5 captures 01 Jun 2023 - 09 Aug 2025 May JUN Jul 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230601220805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dopoki-ukrayina-ne-matime-suchasnih-litakiv-nam-potribno-bil-83345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The duty of local authorities is to ensure the availability and accessibility of shelters around the clock – address by the President of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news The war is on our land, so the Peace Formula can only be Ukrainian – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 June 2023 - 23:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in the framework of the European Political Community Summit 1 June 2023 - 22:37 President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan 1 June 2023 - 22:07 President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 11:39 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 By the time Ukraine receives modern fighter jets from its partners, it must have the means to protect itself from Russian air attacks, so along with the creation of an aviation coalition, it is initiating the consolidation of countries to provide our state with modern air defense systems, in particular, Patriots. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the second meeting of the European Political Community in Moldova. "We still have to survive to see the fighter jets, and not lose too many people. That is why it is very important to have protection. Why Patriot? Because Patriots have shown the whole world how it works: we shoot down any type of missile of the Russian Federation. And this is a very important conclusion for the defense of the world, the defense of Europe," the Head of State said. According to him, Ukraine is well aware of how the best air defense systems work because it has already had experience using them in the face of Russian attacks. Therefore, our country is ready to share this experience to create a sky shield for the entire European continent. "Let's start with our territory, because it's the hottest, we're at war. Patriots are working. While we don’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots. That is why we need a coalition of Patriots," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to all partners for providing various air defense systems that are already protecting the Ukrainian sky. He is convinced that when Ukraine receives modern fighter jets, they will become part of the sky shield and will protect people, including children, logistics routes, and infrastructure. "It's difficult for us today - we don't have modern fighter jets, so the Russian Federation has the advantage in the sky. But our motivation is still stronger, so I am confident of our victory. I am grateful that our partners have heard us," the Head of State said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the partners are ready to provide Ukraine with F-16s, but the United States should play the main role. "Despite the fact that our colleagues and allies are ready to help us, these are still US aircraft. But today I have heard about the strong support of a large number of countries and, what is important, a large number of fighter jets, which, I am sure, we will combine and create this coalition in the near future under the leadership of the United States," the President summarized. ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 11:39 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 11:39 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine