6 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003215242/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-cbs-zamalo-shob-svit-znav-pro-nasi-85933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska in an interview with CBS: It's not enough for the world to be aware of the violence of Russians against Ukrainian children – criminals must be punished 28 September 2023 - 13:12 Victims of the violence committed by the Russian military against Ukrainian children will begin to testify en masse when they see that the perpetrators are punished, and Ukraine relies on the world's help in establishing justice in this matter. This was stated by First Lady Olena Zelenska in an interview with CBS during her visit to the United States. The President's wife, in particular, emphasized that Russian crimes against Ukrainian children are deliberate intimidation. "There are so many of them that these cannot be isolated cases, this is deliberate intimidation. When you tell the world that our Prosecutor General's Office is investigating 231 cases of sexual violence committed by the Russian military, that there are 13 children among the victims: 12 girls and one boy, and that the youngest victim was only 4 years old, you see sheer horror in the eyes of the audience. But this is not enough. There must be punishment. Victims will not start testifying en masse until they see that there is justice," the First Lady said. She spoke about more than 19,000 children abducted by Russia (these are only those who are known for certain) and how Ukraine is forced to turn to free nations to speed up their return. Olena Zelenska also emphasized the importance of psychological rehabilitation of Ukrainians after what they experienced during the war and spoke about the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program. "We have a huge need for psychologists and psychotherapists. At the same time, Ukrainian doctors gain such powerful experience in extremely difficult conditions that they can share it themselves. The international best practices we borrowed from our partners had to be improved to the point where the program became unique. And now our specialists will be able to share their unique experience," the President's wife said. The First Lady informed of the activities of the Olena Zelenska Foundation in terms of humanitarian, educational and medical assistance to Ukrainians. She also focused on her cultural diplomacy projects, including the opening of Ukrainian bookshelves in the world's libraries and the launch of audio guides in Ukrainian at major tourist attractions. "Culture makes us who we are. If you destroy culture, it will be easier to destroy people. For a long time, numerous manifestations of our culture were considered Russian, it was colonization. Now we are decolonizing our culture. Unfortunately, the world knows little about it. We are fixing this now. We have a lot to show the world to tell them who we are, what we love, what we think about," Olena Zelenska summarized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine