7 captures 01 Nov 2019 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240226010258/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bilsh-yak-polovina-spirtovoyi-galuzi-perebuvaye-v-tini-volod-58177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:28 View all videos n latest news The EU is our historical and values-based choice, and no one will be able to change this course – President of Ukraine. 25 February 2024 - 22:23 Confiscation of frozen Russian assets will weaken Putin – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 February 2024 - 22:02 Ukraine hopes for a positive decision by its partners on providing the long-awaited assistance 25 February 2024 - 21:51 Global Peace Summit will strengthen Ukraine diplomatically – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 February 2024 - 21:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the forum "Ukraine. Year 2024" 25 February 2024 - 20:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events More than half of the alcohol industry is in the shadow - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 November 2019 - 15:55 55% of alcohol production in Ukraine is in the shadow today, and state-owned distilleries have been controlled by criminal groups for over 10 years, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in a meeting on the development of the Ukrainian alcohol industry during a working trip to the Ternopil region. Currently, only four of the eleven distilleries operate in the region. The President cited the example that today the so-called Tetra Pak of 10 liters of wheat vodka could be freely purchased online at the price of 370 UAH. “That means a bottle will cost somewhere between 15-18 hryvnias. And we buy in the store for 90-100 hryvnias. There are shadow businesses. But how do they work, who covers them?” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yuliya Kovaliv noted that since 2016 the financial result of the state-owned enterprise Ukrspirt had decreased by almost five times. According to her, in 2016, the profit of the enterprise was about 97 million UAH, and today it has decreased almost to zero. Hence, the situation with the payment of taxes is also critical: three years ago, the monopolist Ukrspirt paid to the budget almost 30 million UAH of income tax, last year, it paid nothing at all. “Due to the illegal alcohol market, the state and local budgets lose 8 billion hryvnias annually. And these are the problems with the payment of wages, the construction of roads, the development of infrastructure,” Yuliya Kovaliv stressed. Minister of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine Tymofiy Mylovanov noted that over the last 10 years the production of legal food alcohol had decreased fourfold - due to the illegal alcohol market. If the current situation in the alcohol sector is maintained, excise tax losses can reach UAH 8-10 billion. “The situation can be changed through demonopolization, deshadowing and privatization of the alcohol sector,” Tymofiy Mylovanov emphasized. The President and the Government will not put up with the shadow alcohol market and jointly work over its liquidation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy has already submitted a bill liberalizing the activity in the field of ethanol production. This document provides for a licensing mechanism and the production of alcohol only with a license starting from 2020. “We are eliminating the foundation for the existence of this corrupt criminal system. And if the producer is caught producing "illegal" alcohol, he will be deprived of the license and the right to produce alcohol for at least five years. I think this is fair. There can be no other way. We are ready for this. The government is getting ready. Fair competition, fair licenses,” the President of Ukraine said. The presidential bill envisages four steps: abolishing the state monopoly on alcohol production from January 1, 2020, abolishing restrictions on the construction of distilleries and privatization of the existing ones, licensing the production and wholesale of alcohol, limiting the import of alcohol until January 1, 2022. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine