10 captures 04 Mar 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud Outlinks A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240304092946/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-mediakorporaciyi-rad-89309 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All leaders, all international organizations must respond firmly to Russia's actions – address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2024 - 21:19 View all videos n latest news All leaders, all international organizations must respond firmly to Russia's actions – address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2024 - 21:15 New sanctions against representatives of the aggressor state, introduced by Japan, Australia and New Zealand, take into account the recommendations of the Yermak-McFaul Group 3 March 2024 - 09:33 Delay in supplying weapons to Ukraine and anti-aircraft defense systems to protect our people leads to loss of lives – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 March 2024 - 19:05 Olena Zelenska participated in a Ukraine-UK roundtable discussion on post-war mental health recovery for children and adolescents 1 March 2024 - 19:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 1 March 2024 - 13:20 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State met with the President of the Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty Media Corporation 26 February 2024 - 10:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty Media Corporation Stephen Capus. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Stephen Capus discussed the work of journalists in Ukraine in the context of the Russian invasion. The Head of State commended the international media, particularly Radio Liberty, for covering Russian war crimes, refuting disinformation and keeping the events in Ukraine in the focus of the world's attention. The President of the media corporation informed the Head of State about the situation with Radio Liberty journalist Vladyslav Yesypenko, who has been imprisoned in the temporarily occupied Crimea for almost three years. Stephen Capus emphasized the importance of the journalist's immediate release. "For almost three years now, Radio Liberty journalist Vladyslav Yesypenko has been imprisoned in illegally annexed Crimea on trumped-up charges. Vlad was simply reporting the truth about Russia's occupation of Crimea. Releasing Vlad would send a strong signal that people who tell the truth are not forgotten despite these difficult times. We appreciate all the efforts to get Vlad back to his wife Kateryna and daughter Stefania as soon as possible," said Stephen Capus. He noted that Radio Liberty journalists cover the realities of the war in Ukraine, as well as show the world the courage and resilience of the Ukrainian people, work on the front lines, expose Russia's war crimes and inform about democratic reforms in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that during all meetings with foreign leaders, he raises the issue of the exchange of Ukrainians, including political prisoners illegally held by the occupiers. "It is very important for us to bring back all the prisoners. We are working on it. This is a hard work, especially with regard to the return of Crimeans, especially journalists and political prisoners," the President of Ukraine said. The Head of State informed Stephen Capus on the preparations for the inaugural Peace Summit at the level of state leaders planned to be held in Switzerland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that one of the issues on the agenda of the Peace Summit would be the exchange of prisoners. "We are talking a lot about certain issues of this summit. We want to get certain results after it. And one of the issues may be the position on the exchange of prisoners," the President of Ukraine noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine