8 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206034924/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=162 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 9 December 2021 - 22:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the United States of America Joseph Biden. The key topic of the talks was the security situation around Ukraine and the prospects for intensifying the peace settlement. Roman Mashovets and Assistant Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada discussed the security situation in the east and near the borders of Ukraine 9 December 2021 - 21:37 Roman Mashovets informed his interlocutor about the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and the concentration by the Russian Federation of an armed group along the Ukrainian border ready to be used against our state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from ambassadors of a number of states 9 December 2021 - 18:05 Addressing the newly appointed ambassadors, the Head of State noted that Ukraine is sincerely interested in expanding the circle of partners, filling bilateral relations with new projects, developing partnership and intensifying cooperation at all levels. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the UEFA President 9 December 2021 - 14:32 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Aleksander Čeferin, who arrived in our country on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the conversation between the Presidents of the United States and Russia: We see the personal role of Joseph Biden in resolving the situation in the east of Ukraine 8 December 2021 - 18:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers positive the fact of the conversation between President of the United States of America Joseph Biden and President of Russia Vladimir Putin, one of the main topics of which was the situation in Donbas and near our borders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is interested in Croatia's experience in peaceful reintegration of occupied territories 8 December 2021 - 17:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the beginning of the work on a document on the exchange of experience with Croatia on the peaceful reintegration of the temporarily occupied territories. The President made this statement during a meeting with media representatives following talks with Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković in Kyiv. The historical closeness of the peoples of Ukraine and Croatia is the key to successful relations between our states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 December 2021 - 16:35 Ukraine and Croatia have significant untapped potential, and a foundation for new Ukrainian-Croatian business projects will be laid these days. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following a meeting with Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković. Ukraine and Croatia have signed a joint Declaration on the European perspective of our country 8 December 2021 - 16:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia Andrej Plenković, who is on a visit to our country. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrej Plenković signed a joint Declaration on Ukraine's European perspective. Then the talks between the Ukrainian and Croatian parties took place in an expanded format. Roman Mashovets and the Group of Defense Reform Advisers discussed security situation in and around Ukraine 7 December 2021 - 20:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a video conference with the Defense Reform Advisory Board (DRAB), during which a number of issues related to the reform of the Ministry of Defense and improving the Armed Forces' defense capabilities were discussed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s telephone conversation with Antony Blinken 7 December 2021 - 07:31 On the eve of the planned talks between U.S. President J. Biden and Russian President V. Putin, the Ukrainian and American sides have coordinated their positions on key issues. 1 2 ... 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine