1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=33 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President got acquainted with the plan of returning children illegally deported by Russia, Bring Kids Back UA, and took part in the opening of the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights 31 May 2023 - 09:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke with the family of Mariupol defenders who were held in Russian captivity and released as part of a prisoner exchange. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Atlantic Council delegation 30 May 2023 - 18:53 During the meeting, the issue of Ukraine's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius was raised. The President emphasized that it is important for Ukraine to receive a clear signal about the prospects of membership in the Alliance. President discussed localization of production in Ukraine with representatives of the British company BAE Systems 30 May 2023 - 18:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video call with representatives of the British defense company BAE Systems: CEO Charles Woodburn, Managing Director Gabby Costigan and Director for cooperation with Ukraine Christian Seear. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US Senator Lindsey Graham 26 May 2023 - 19:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with US Senator Lindsey Graham, visiting our country for the third time since the beginning of full-scale Russian aggression. President met with the Minister of Defence of Sweden 25 May 2023 - 18:43 The parties discussed the possibility of Sweden's participation in the aviation coalition and the launch of a separate training program for Ukrainian pilots on modern Western-type aircraft. Reliable communication connects Ukrainians and enables our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine 25 May 2023 - 13:26 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events dedicated to the Day of the State Service for Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine. On the Day of the Marines, the President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region and presented state awards 23 May 2023 - 11:25 Having returned from a visit abroad, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Vuhledar – Maryinka defense area in the Donetsk region on the occasion of the Day of the Marines. The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 is the first step towards even more powerful defense of our skies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2023 - 16:18 Ukraine has been working hard on the issue of providing Western-type aircraft, and the decision of our partners to train Ukrainian pilots on modern fighter jets is the first step towards bolstering our country's air defense. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the world's media in Hiroshima. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida 21 May 2023 - 15:13 The President praised Fumio Kishida's personal leadership in mobilizing international support for Ukraine, particularly in the framework of Japan's G7 Presidency. President visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum and laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing 21 May 2023 - 13:53 ﻿﻿During a working visit to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum. In addition, the President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing. 1 2 ... 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine