2 captures 24 Mar 2022 - 03 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324034654/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bud-yaki-obmezhennya-ne-podobayutsya-lyudyam-ale-neobhidno-z-63453 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events People do not like any restrictions, but it is necessary to protect the lives and health of citizens - President 9 September 2020 - 18:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy calls on local authorities to protect the health of citizens and not to neglect quarantine restrictions in order to please people before the local elections. During a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region, answering questions from the media about the reaction to the actions of local authorities in some regions, which violate the quarantine restrictions, the President said: "I understand that before the local elections they want to please people and open everything, give an opportunity to walk without masks”. However, as the President stressed, local authorities must realistically assess the situation in hospitals, the condition of local roads and the availability of ambulances in their regions. The Head of State noted that coronavirus poses the same threat to residents of all regions of Ukraine. A number of regions where previously there were low incidence rates are now in the lead in the number of new patients. In addition, the number of children infected with COVID-19 has increased with the start of schooling. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted: "In most countries where there are beaches - although maybe it looks wrong - people wear masks… We are not like that. And where to get beds then? Where to get doctors? Who will be responsible for this?”. The President once again called on citizens to keep a social distance, wear protective masks and avoid large crowds, in particular during the celebration of family holidays. "We are a state and we must protect people, even though sometimes people don't like something. Because both I and any person will always dislike any restrictions," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 9 September 2020 - 13:12 ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 9 September 2020 - 13:12 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine