1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031507/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – It is important that every week Russia sees new international activity in support of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 August 2023 - 21:21 Peace has no alternative. Every country that works with us within the framework of security guarantees for Ukraine, within the framework of the Peace Formula, sends exactly this signal to the aggressor state. There will be peace. Aggression loses. Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 12 August 2023 - 12:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. Andriy Yermak holds fifth meeting on implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions 12 August 2023 - 09:00 The meeting with the ambassadors took place in the Club of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and concerned the points of the Formula – Energy Security and Preventing Escalation and Repetition of Aggression. President at Ukrainian Youth Forum: Unbreakable are not those who do not get tired, but those who add every day to joint efforts for victory 11 August 2023 - 21:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Ukrainian Youth Forum "Recovery in Unity!" taking place in Kyiv on the occasion of International Youth Day. Ukraine has started negotiations with the United Kingdom on a bilateral agreement on security commitments 11 August 2023 - 20:00 The United Kingdom became the second country after the United States of America with which Ukraine started relevant negotiations and continued the positive dynamics of implementation of security commitments reached by our country with key international partners. We are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine remains a guarantor of food security and has access to global markets - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 17:10 We had a separate meeting with Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate Budanov, Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny, Navy Commander Neizhpapa, Head of the Security Service of Ukraine Malyuk, and the Ministry of Infrastructure to discuss alternatives to exporting grain through the transit corridor. President of Ukraine and President of Zambia discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula and prolongation of the "grain corridor" 11 August 2023 - 15:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of Zambia Hakainde Hichilema. People who know exactly what war is should run the system of territorial recruitment centers - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 14:15 If the dismissed "military commissars" and other officials wearing shoulder marks against whom no evidence of crimes or violations has been found want to keep their shoulder marks and prove their dignity, they should go to the war front. President held the NSDC meeting on the results of the inspection of the territorial recruitment centers 11 August 2023 - 13:22 During the inspection of the territorial recruitment centers, law enforcement agencies exposed cases of corruption, in particular during the general mobilization, which pose a threat to Ukraine's national security and undermine confidence in state institutions. Ukraine must realize its historic chance for development gained by the courage of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 August 2023 - 22:10 We do not forget our main goal - to win the war and not to lose the country. Today I would like to recognize our warriors. Those who deserve special gratitude, who show exceptional courage and give the state exceptional results. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine