7 captures 01 Dec 2022 - 05 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202193419/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-stala-gosteyu-prijomu-u-korolevi-konsorta-kam-79553 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in Skovoroda-300 forum in Pereiaslav, speaks with students of three universities 2 December 2022 - 20:14 Olena Zelenska tells British broadcaster Sky News about mass war crimes perpetrated by Russians against Ukrainians 2 December 2022 - 19:28 President of Ukraine visited the Hryhorii Skovoroda Memorial Museum in Pereiaslav 2 December 2022 - 17:17 We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kyiv region 2 December 2022 - 17:32 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska became a guest of the Queen Consort Camilla's reception organized on the Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women 30 November 2022 - 19:07 On the second day of her visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska became a guest of the Queen Consort of the United Kingdom Camilla organized on the occasion of the Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women. The Queen Consort is an active participant in campaigns against violence against women. "It is an honor for me to have a personal acquaintance with Her Majesty and the opportunity to tell what happened and is happening in our territories temporarily occupied by Russia, what terrible crimes the occupiers are committing against our women and children. Ukraine is ready to contribute to international efforts to prevent violence in the conflicts faced around the world. Unfortunately, we have a painful experience in this matter. We are doing everything possible to overcome it with dignity and never tolerate it," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The First Lady of Ukraine also visited the Russian War Crimes exhibition. It was organized by the Viktor Pinchuk Foundation and PinchukArtCentre in cooperation with the Office of the President of Ukraine, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ukrainian Pravda and the Ukrainian Association of Professional Photographers. It has already been presented in Brussels, Kyiv, Davos and New York. The exhibition presents photos that were taken all over Ukraine since the beginning of the war, illustrate Russian crimes, and show the faces and stories of Ukrainians who suffered from them. The First Lady noted that the event serves the same purpose as her speech in the British Parliament and at the PSVI Conference - to draw the attention of Great Britain and the world to Russian crimes in Ukraine and to contribute to bringing the perpetrators to international justice at a special tribunal that should be established . The opening of Russian War Crimes was personally attended by Speaker of the House of Commons of the British Parliament Lindsay Hoyle and businessman and philanthropist Viktor Pinchuk. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak joined the opening of the exhibition in online format. Olena Zelenska also held a meeting with Secretary of State for Health and Social Care of the United Kingdom Stephen Barclay. The First Lady thanked for the support of the Ukrainian medical field and the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support, in particular for the recently held round table dedicated to mental health issues. It was organized jointly with the Royal Foundation of The Prince and Princess of Wales. The parties discussed further cooperation, in particular, the establishment of direct interaction at the level of the ministries of health of Ukraine and Great Britain for the exchange of experience and the organization of training of Ukrainian specialists in the best practices in the field of administration of health care services. "We really count on the continuation of the partnership, which will contribute to the effective peaceful recovery of Ukraine. Which is very important for the joint movement forward of the entire European continent. Today, Ukraine needs support, but at the same time it is accumulating unique experience, the study of which can be useful for other countries, in particular for Great Britain. Experience which we pay a very high price for," said Olena Zelenska. In addition, the First Lady of Ukraine held a meeting with Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace. The President's wife thanked for the UK’s unprecedented support of Ukraine, as with the beginning of Russia's full-scale military aggression, Great Britain became the first European state to provide lethal weapons to our country, and the support from Britain continues. The United Kingdom also implements a training program for the Ukrainian military. "I ask you to consider the possibility of expanding training programs for our defenders so that they can use more modern military equipment," said Olena Zelenska. The First Lady noted the importance of continuing such assistance, as it enabled Ukraine not only to hold out, but also to repel the enemy in certain directions. "Maintaining Britain's leadership role in the supply of the necessary weapons is an important aspect of strengthening the defense capacity of our country," the President's wife emphasized. ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine