34 captures 01 Jan 2023 - 08 Feb 2026 Dec JAN Feb 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230101193449/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashe-z-vami-vidchuttya-yednosti-spravzhnosti-tak-kontrastuy-80201 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos President of Ukraine: Our sense of unity and authenticity contrasts dramatically with the fear that prevails in Russia 1 January 2023 - 20:05 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine: Our sense of unity and authenticity contrasts dramatically with the fear that prevails in Russia 1 January 2023 - 20:02 New Year greetings of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 December 2022 - 23:55 The terrorist state won't be forgiven, and those who give orders and carry out strikes will not receive a pardon – address of the President of Ukraine 31 December 2022 - 17:49 In year-end interview Olena Zelenska talks about her work during the war 31 December 2022 - 10:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in presenting the Gold Heart award 30 December 2022 - 16:47 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches President of Ukraine: Our sense of unity and authenticity contrasts dramatically with the fear that prevails in Russia 1 January 2023 - 20:02 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! New year, new day, new summaries. 45 "Shaheds" were shot down on the first night of the year. I thank our Air Forces - pilots, anti-aircraft warriors. 33 "Shaheds" are on their account. Gratitude to the air defense of our Ground Forces for another 12 downed Iranian drones. Well done, guys! Russian terrorists were pathetic, and they entered this year staying the same. Our defenders were awesome, and on January 1 they showed themselves very well. You know, these days it was clearly seen how far we have moved away, mentally, humanly from what Russia is "boiling" in. Our sense of unity, authenticity, life itself - all this contrasts dramatically with the fear that prevails in Russia. They are afraid. You can feel it. And they are right to be afraid. Because they are losing. Drones, missiles, anything else will not help them. Because we are together. And they are together only with fear. And they will not take away a single year from Ukraine, they will not take away our independence. We will not give them anything. I thank everyone who is fighting the enemy at the frontline every day and every night! We respond to every Russian strike at Kherson, Nikopol, Kharkiv region, all our cities and communities. It is very tangible for them. I am grateful to all our energy workers, utility workers for stable energy supply and a minimum of outages - taking into account all the existing circumstances. Wherever transmission lines and other energy facilities are damaged by shelling, the restoration continues around the clock. Today as well. And it is very important how all Ukrainians recharged their inner energy this New Year's Eve. And how we thanked our warriors. How we thanked our loved ones. How millions of times all over Ukraine, all over the free world, our wish - the wish of victory - has sounded and still sounds. We will do everything to make it so! Glory to all our warriors! Glory to each and everyone who works for the victory of Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine