1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408165527/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-andrij-yermak-proviv-zust-60285 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with Ursula von der Leyen and Josep Borrell in Kyiv 8 April 2022 - 17:56 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Eduskunta, the Parliament of Finland 8 April 2022 - 15:05 First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the officials of the member states of the Council of Europe 8 April 2022 - 13:22 We are consolidating international support for youth infrastructure development - Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine 8 April 2022 - 10:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Ambassadors of the G7 and EU countries 24 March 2020 - 17:48 In the framework of the regular dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Ambassadors of the G7 and EU countries. The conversation was focused on the developments concerning the coronavirus pandemic in the world, as well as the epidemiological situation in our country. The interlocutors praised the efforts of the President and the Government of Ukraine in the context of taking measures to counteract the spread of coronavirus in our country. In this regard, a number of issues of practical assistance to Ukraine by the G7 and EU countries in terms of the provision of appropriate medical equipment and pharmaceuticals were discussed. The Head of the President's Office stressed that the President conducts phone conversations with world leaders almost daily discussing mutual support during the coronavirus pandemic. The parties agreed on the need to consolidate the efforts of the international community to overcome the negative impact of the coronavirus pandemic on the world economy. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine informed of the security situation in Donbas. Andriy Yermak also spoke about the meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group held on March 11 in Minsk. The representatives of the G7 and EU countries reaffirmed willingness to continue active cooperation with Ukraine in all areas of mutual interest, as well as assured of the unwavering position in support of our country's reforms, territorial integrity and sovereignty. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine