13 captures 04 Apr 2022 - 08 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220404183753/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zlochini-skoyeni-rosijskimi-vijskovimi-v-buchi-74077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is time to do everything to make the war crimes of the Russian military the last manifestation of this evil on earth - address by the President of Ukraine 3 April 2022 - 21:25 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 Delaying the negotiation process by Russia will have negative consequences for it - President of Ukraine 4 April 2022 - 18:24 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy already has a plan for Ukraine's economic revival on the table - Andriy Yermak 4 April 2022 - 17:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Bucha, where he talked to local residents and journalists 4 April 2022 - 17:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kyiv region 4 April 2022 - 17:17 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 The crimes committed by the Russian military against civilians in the Ukrainian cities of Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel and other settlements in the Kyiv region are genocide of the Ukrainian people. This was emphasized by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. According to him, the true scale of the crimes of Russian troops in the occupied suburbs of the capital can be estimated when full information is available. But it is clear that this cannot be compared to the massacre in Srebrenica, one of the largest war crimes in modern European history committed during the 1995 Bosnian war. "It's a completely different story. One nuclear power attacked a non-nuclear power. This is Russia's war against Ukraine, so I would not make such comparisons. But in terms of horror and absolutely inhuman treatment it's real genocide, one hundred percent," he said. Andriy Yermak said that every day he communicates with his colleagues - political advisers in the United States, Germany, Great Britain and other countries and informs them in detail and provides photo evidence of the crimes of the Russian occupiers against Ukrainians. "Shock reaction. I am convinced that they should feel what all Ukrainians feel today. Because the decisions we expect depend on many of them," he said. Answering the question whether he has received calls from any Russians apologizing for what their country is doing to Ukraine, the Head of the President's Office said: "They must apologize to the entire Ukrainian people. But I don't think it will be accepted today. And this is for many, many years. There is no excuse for what we see today, what we feel. And, unfortunately, all this continues - we have not stopped this war yet." Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine