8 captures 21 Jul 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Jun JUL Aug 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220721222659/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-zaklikala-ssha-nadati-ukrayini-sistemi-ppo-76581 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We have a significant potential for the advance of our forces on the front and for the infliction of significant losses on the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 22:22 View all videos n latest news We have a significant potential for the advance of our forces on the front and for the infliction of significant losses on the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 22:25 Ukraine seeks to bring the political and military leadership of the Russian Federation to justice for the crime of aggression - the Office of the President spoke about the project of the international court 21 July 2022 - 18:36 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had another phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 21 July 2022 - 18:03 Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Ambassador of Italy discussed the participation in the recovery of the affected regions of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 16:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska called on the US to provide Ukraine with air defense systems 21 July 2022 - 09:01 During a visit to the United States of America, the wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska addressed the Congress, the US legislative body. She became the first wife of a state leader in history who had the opportunity to deliver a speech in the walls of this institution. At the beginning of the speech, Olena Zelenska emphasized that she would not speak according to protocol, but primarily as a woman and mother. She addressed the congressmen not just as politicians and party representatives, but as mothers and fathers, grandfathers and grandmothers, daughters and sons. "No matter what positions have we achieved in life, first of all, we always remain a part of our family," the First Lady of Ukraine noted. The President's wife spoke about the tragedies experienced by Ukrainian families due to the Russian invasion. She showed videos and photos of four-year-old Liza, who died in Vinnytsia as a result of Russian shelling, as well as children killed in the Mykolaiv region and the Odesa region, dead employees and visitors of the shopping center in Kremenchuk, which was burned by a Russian missile on June 27. “Since the beginning of the war, Russia has launched more than 3,000 different cruise missiles over Ukraine, but to destroy someone's family, you don't even need a missile, a small fragment is enough. So I appeal to you on behalf of all the dead. On behalf of people who have lost arms and legs. And on behalf of people who are still alive and well. On behalf of those who are fighting and those who are waiting in the rear for the return of their relatives from the front. I'm asking for something now that I never wanted to ask for. I am asking you for weapons! Weapons not for waging war on someone else's land, but to protect our home and the right to wake up in it alive. I am asking you for anti-aircraft defense - so that rockets do not kill children in their strollers. So that they do not destroy children's rooms and entire families,” the First Lady emphasized. The First Lady emphasized that the air defense systems would allow children to return to school in the autumn, as currently the safe educational process in the upcoming year remains in question. She also thanked the United States for its strong support and expressed hope that the audience heard her address today. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine