7 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224123421/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=170 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are 730 days closer to victory – address by the President of Ukraine 24 February 2024 - 12:26 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the UK Ambassador discussed plans to restore and rebuild Ukraine after the war 21 June 2022 - 16:02 He informed Melinda Simmons about the Plan of Recovery and Modernization of Ukraine developed pursuant to the President’s instruction, which will be implemented with the help of Western partners after the victory. I believe that the power of human creativity is greater than the power of a nuclear state - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Cannes Lions International Festival 21 June 2022 - 12:58 Speak of Ukraine! Don't let the world switch to something else! The world must remember that Ukraine is fighting for freedom. This fight must end in our victory as soon as possible. We are moving towards the decision of the European Council on Ukraine's candidacy; Russia is very nervous about our activity - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 June 2022 - 00:01 Step by step, we are going through a crucial week and we are doing everything every day so that no one has any doubts that Ukraine deserves the candidacy. We prove every day that we are already part of a united European, I would even say, value space. Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with the President of the Austrian Association of Municipalities 20 June 2022 - 21:44 Pursuant to the instruction of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko met with President of the Austrian Association of Municipalities Alfred Riedl. President met with Hollywood actor, UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador Ben Stiller 20 June 2022 - 20:42 Ben Stiller and UNHCR Representative in Ukraine Karolina Lindholm Billing visited the Office of the President after a visit to the occupied settlements of the Kyiv region. President discussed with the President of the General Confederation of Italian Industry the increase in the presence of Italian business and participation in the reconstruction of Ukraine 20 June 2022 - 20:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the General Confederation of Italian Industry Carlo Bonomi. In an interview with The Economist, the First Lady warned the world against viewing Russia's aggression against Ukraine solely as a problem of Ukrainians 20 June 2022 - 19:11 "Mariupol and Bucha are possible in any country at any moment. We thought that in the XXI century, all people in Europe have the same values. But it turned out that aggressors and war criminals still live next to civilized nations," she said. By providing weapons, EU countries help Ukraine oust the aggressor from its land, not attack other states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 June 2022 - 19:00 By providing weapons to Ukraine, the countries of the European Union, in particular Italy, are strengthening the defense capabilities of the Ukrainian army and the ability of our state to oust the aggressor from its land. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the ISPI Global Policy Forum (Milan, Italy). We need to do even more for Ukraine to win - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the ISPI Global Policy Forum 20 June 2022 - 17:53 It is a special moment now. The moment when it is being decided whether peace will come to Ukraine soon. And I urge you - be active! I am grateful to Italy for its principled position. But we need to do even more for Ukraine to win. In order to eliminate the threat of famine, Russia's efforts to return to the aggressive policy of colonialism must end – speech by the President of Ukraine at the session of the Bureau of the Assembly of the African Union 20 June 2022 - 16:57 Our number one task now is to finally get rid of the threat of famine. If it wasn't for the Russian war, you would be in a completely different position now - completely safe. That is why, in order to avoid famine, the efforts of states like Russia to return to the aggressive policy of colonialism must end. 1 2 ... 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine