14 captures 21 May 2022 - 31 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Mark Graham Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham Collection: "Fake News" II (2019) Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham - Collection 12099: "Fake News" II (2019) TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522091013/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/do-pochatku-vijni-soyuzniki-rekomenduvali-nam-riti-okopi-mi-75229 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:51 View all videos n latest news The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Before the war, the allies recommended that we dig trenches, and we told them: give weapons - President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 12:19 A full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine could not be repulsed at once because the enemy was advancing simultaneously from several directions and used a large amount of manpower. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the host of the United News telethon. The Head of State noted that Ukraine was preparing for a full-scale Russian aggression, but no one knew the methods and scope of this invasion until the end. "It's one thing when you realize that tanks will go from Belarus. And another thing is that Russia will go to Ukraine through Belarus, another thing is that missiles are flying from Belarus. It seems that the difference is small. There were warnings that there could be an offensive from that side. But the difference is big: you are at war with the forces and means that are on the territory of Belarus, which pass through the territory of Belarus and go to Ukraine, or you are at war with two countries," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President stressed that Ukraine was preparing for various scenarios of invasion, and our state had sufficient information about the intentions of the enemy. "In terms of the volume of forces used by the Russian Federation, which used everything, even the reserve, "quiet" mobilization... Concentration was in Crimea, in Belarus and in other areas… Along the borders, they concentrated a large number of forces a year before. I think that today no European country would be able to cope with such a volume," the President said. He noted that according to analysts, our state could not cope with the full-scale invasion of Russia, at least because Ukraine is 28 times smaller in area and still quite large territorially. "When you are attacked by a large army, you cannot concentrate your forces around, for example, Kyiv. You need to look and provide air defense, tanks, equipment, infantry fighting vehicles, and most importantly - professional military personnel (throughout the country - ed.)," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that in order to protect such a territory, the army should have not 250,000 of servicemen, but much more. The Head of State reminded that at the beginning of the year he signed a decree to increase the number of personnel of the Armed Forces by 100,000 servicemen. "But even 100,000 plus could not stop them (the aggressor's troops - ed.). Today we have 700,000. You see the result of the work of 700,000 people who are at war," the President said. In addition, according to the President, at the beginning of the invasion, the enemy struck at the positions of the Ukrainian artillery and air defense forces. At the same time, as Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted, Ukraine was well prepared for the invasion, and there were many things that the enemy did not know about and that later worked against him. The Head of State is convinced that now Ukraine must quickly provide its army with modern weapons that will protect the entire territory. "NATO countries have the appropriate weapons - there are Patriots, there is powerful air defense equipment that can protect the sky from missile strikes," he said. The President stated that the Armed Forces of Ukraine should move from Soviet technology to the latest models of weapons used by NATO countries. "But it's a lot of money not only for re-equipment. We need to move from Soviet weapons to NATO models. And if you are a country that is not a member of NATO, how can you do that if you are not given licenses, you are not sold anything, as it was before the war," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that some partners recommended that Ukraine dig trenches before the war. "By digging trenches, it is impossible to do what we did. Because it is impossible to win a war with a shovel. They told us to dig trenches. And we told them: give us weapons," the Head of State said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine