8 captures 03 Mar 2023 - 02 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230303182344/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-u-lvovi-zustrivsya-z-ministrami-zakordonnih-s-81409 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The occupier will inevitably feel our strength of justice - address by the President of Ukraine 2 March 2023 - 21:27 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with attorneys general from partner states of Ukraine and international institutions in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 18:06 President met with Foreign Ministers of the Netherlands and Estonia in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 17:23 Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the Republic of Latvia Egils Levits 3 March 2023 - 17:06 Everything must be done to reduce Russia's ability to produce weapons - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 March 2023 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 3 March 2023 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with Foreign Ministers of the Netherlands and Estonia in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 17:23 In Lviv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands Wopke Hoekstra and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Urmas Reinsalu. The Head of State expressed gratitude for the significant defense, financial, energy and legal support provided by the Netherlands and Estonia to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. "We constantly feel your support, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's support, and the support of the Dutch society," the President noted during the meeting with Wopke Hoekstra. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the Dutch Foreign Minister about the situation on the frontline and the needs of the Ukrainian defense forces, emphasizing the importance of prompt decision-making by the partners. The interlocutors noted the commonality of approaches between Ukraine and the Netherlands that the establishment of sustainable and just peace in our country is impossible without bringing to justice all those responsible for the crime of aggression. The Head of State expressed gratitude for the decision of the Dutch government to establish the International Center for the Investigation of the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine in The Hague. "This is an important step towards establishing a Special Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also praised the recent decision of the Dutch government to locate the office of the International Register of Damage in The Hague. "We consider this register as an integral part of the compensation mechanism proposed by Ukraine," the President said. The interlocutors exchanged views on the implementation of Ukraine's initiative on the Peace Formula and the preparation of a global summit on its implementation. The Head of State thanked the Netherlands for supporting the Ukrainian peace initiative and willingness to take leadership in the restoration of justice. The meeting also focused on current issues of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Volodymyr Zelenskyy outlined our country's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius and the launch of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU by the end of this year. During the conversation with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Urmas Reinsalu, the President of Ukraine emphasized that restoration of justice, bringing to justice all those responsible for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide of the Ukrainian people is a fundamental issue for our country. In particular, this is an important component of the Peace Formula, and Ukraine is grateful to Estonia for its strong willingness to implement it. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Estonia for its leadership in providing comprehensive assistance, for its effective and timely support for our country in protecting its territorial integrity and independence. He noted Estonia's substantial defense and humanitarian assistance. "Ukraine especially appreciates the medical and rehabilitation assistance to our wounded, the training missions for the Ukrainian military, as well as the support for Ukrainians who left for Estonia because of the war," the Head of State said. The parties emphasized the importance of further increasing sanctions pressure on Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Urmas Reinsalu for his firm support for Ukraine's European integration aspirations, in particular with a view to launching negotiations on EU membership as soon as possible, and noted the importance of further assistance in the implementation of our country's strategic course towards NATO membership. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine