1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025512/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=22 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – In 500 days of full-scale war 298 Ukrainian men and women awarded highest title of Hero of Ukraine – President 8 July 2023 - 23:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy made a working trip to Lviv region, where he met with the personnel of the Western Territorial Administration of the National Guard of Ukraine and presented state awards. Ukraine returns home five defenders of Azovstal stayed in Türkiye after being released from Russian captivity 8 July 2023 - 18:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met the defenders at the Istanbul airport and congratulated them on their return. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Türkiye talks by phone with government head of the Netherlands 8 July 2023 - 15:04 The parties discussed issues of defense cooperation and set the dates for starting the training mission for Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the Portuguese Republic 8 July 2023 - 13:58 The Portuguese Republic will continue its political, financial, humanitarian and military support to Ukraine for as long as it takes – individually and through international cooperation in the European Union, in NATO, in the United Nations and in other formats. President of Ukraine in Türkiye has phone call with Prime Minister of Portugal 8 July 2023 - 13:57 The interlocutors coordinated their positions on the eve of the Vilnius NATO summit. Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of the Alliance's decisive position regarding Ukraine's future membership. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew in Istanbul 8 July 2023 - 12:50 "I want to thank His All Holiness. Today is an important day – our struggle has been going on for 500 days – since the full-scale invasion. We have the support of His All Holiness, prayers for our soldiers, for the nation, for our people, for life in Ukraine," the Head of State said. President takes part in memorial prayer for victims of war in Ukraine in Istanbul 8 July 2023 - 12:04 As part of his visit to the Republic of Türkiye, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a memorial prayer for the victims of the war in Ukraine, led by His All Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew. Ukraine and Türkiye working to return Ukrainians from Russian captivity – President 8 July 2023 - 09:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that the issue of assistance in the return of Ukrainian citizens from Russian captivity was among the priorities at a meeting with President of Türkiye Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan: We focused on how Türkiye can help restore peace and international order 8 July 2023 - 02:39 During the working visit of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Republic of Türkiye, negotiations between the Head of the Ukrainian State and the President of Türkiye Recep Tayyip Erdoğan took place. Memorandum of Understanding in area of strategic industries signed in presence of Presidents of Ukraine and Türkiye 8 July 2023 - 00:15 The document is aimed at promoting cooperation in strategic industries and technologies between companies of Ukraine and the Republic of Türkiye and at supporting the implementation of existing and starting new projects in these areas. 1 2 ... 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine