6 captures 24 Sep 2024 - 09 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240924213542/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-priyihali-do-ssha-po-pozitivni-vidpovidi-prezident-pid-ch-93445 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia’s War Against Ukraine Will End Because the UN Charter Will Work – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the High Level Meeting of the UN Security Council 24 September 2024 - 23:27 View all videos n latest news Russia’s War Against Ukraine Will End Because the UN Charter Will Work – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the High Level Meeting of the UN Security Council 24 September 2024 - 23:26 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We Have to Prepare the Second Peace Summit to End the War 24 September 2024 - 23:15 Defense Cooperation, Ukraine’s Needs, and Efforts to Achieve a Just Peace: Outcomes of the Meeting Between the Presidents of Ukraine and Finland 24 September 2024 - 23:08 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed the Implementation of the Peace Formula with the President of Guatemala 24 September 2024 - 22:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Came to the United States for Positive Answers – President at the Meeting with the Ukrainian Community 24 September 2024 - 12:32 In New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska met with the Ukrainian community and visited the exhibition “Alexandra Exter: The Stage is a World” at the Ukrainian Museum. The meeting was attended by the heads and leaders of major Ukrainian public organizations, cultural and financial institutions, scientists, and educators. ”First of all, we thank our community for the invitation. Not only for the opportunity, but frankly, for the pleasure of communicating. We do not have much time for art, and I want to thank you for these minutes. It is a pleasure to see such a promotion of Ukrainian identity,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the Ukrainian community has been helping to keep the U.S. focused on Ukraine and urged them to continue this work. The President spoke about the steps Ukraine is taking to achieve victory and restore a just peace, as well as the purpose of his visit to the United States and the issue of long-range capabilities. “At first, everyone was afraid to talk about it, then when we raised the issue, we were lightly insinuated that the questions were not timely and very dangerous. And today, to be honest, we came for positive answers. Although it seems impossible. But I believe we must do everything to open this chance,” he stated. During the meeting, they also discussed the results of the operation in the Kursk region and its strategic goals, the impressions of the visit to the United States, including the visit to the Scranton Army Ammunition Plant, and Ukraine's future in NATO. “I believe that Ukraine has never been closer to the Alliance than it is today. It is true. With a little more determination, we will succeed,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy concluded. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine