11 captures 23 Sep 2022 - 20 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220923223731/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/posli-inozemnih-derzhav-vidvidali-zvilnene-misto-izyum-ta-oz-77989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine has shown that the truth, strength, initiative and confidence in victory are on our side - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 September 2022 - 23:19 View all videos n latest news Ambassadors of foreign countries visited the liberated city of Izyum and saw the consequences of the Russian occupation 23 September 2022 - 23:41 Ukraine has shown that the truth, strength, initiative and confidence in victory are on our side - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 September 2022 - 23:14 Andriy Yermak had a conversation with Timothy Barrow who thanked for the release of the citizens of the United Kingdom and assured of unwavering support for Ukraine 23 September 2022 - 20:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to respond to the facts of the use of Iranian-made weapons by Russian troops in Ukraine 23 September 2022 - 19:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and relatives of the fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously 24 September 2022 - 08:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ambassadors of foreign countries visited the liberated city of Izyum and saw the consequences of the Russian occupation 23 September 2022 - 23:41 Pursuant to the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on conveying the truth about Russia's bloody crimes committed on Ukrainian soil to the world as much as possible, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha and Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Yevhen Perebyinis, together with a group of foreign ambassadors, visited the city of Izyum in the Kharkiv region de-occupied by the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The delegation had the opportunity to see with their own eyes the consequences of the war crimes of the Russian invaders, the genocide of the Ukrainian population by the Russians and the crimes against humanity. In particular, the ambassadors visited a multi-story residential building destroyed by a 500-kilogram Russian bomb. 53 people died here, including seven young Ukrainians. The heads of the diplomatic missions also visited the National Police station in Izyum, which the occupiers turned into a torture chamber, and talked with two local residents who managed to survive the torture. Foreign diplomats saw the mass grave of Ukrainians tortured and killed by the Russian occupiers discovered in a forest strip on the outskirts of Izyum. 436 bodies were exhumed, including five children. Most of the bodies have signs of violent death. At the scene of the tragedy, the heads of diplomatic missions talked with journalists, in particular with representatives of leading foreign media. "The world must know the truth about the bloody crimes of the occupiers. That is why it is extremely important that today foreign diplomats were able to see with their own eyes what the Russian occupiers leave behind. We emphasize that the Russian military-political leadership must be punished for the crime of armed aggression against Ukraine," Andriy Sybiha said. While in Izyum, the ambassadors also met with representatives of the military-civilian leadership of the region: Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleg Syniehubov, Head of the Izyum District State Administration Stepan Maselskyi, representative of the command of the Kharkiv military garrison Mykhailo Chalyi. The delegation included: the Head of the EU Delegation to Ukraine, heads of diplomatic missions of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Spain, Austria, Hungary, Croatia, Sweden, Slovakia, Switzerland, Türkiye, Poland, Slovenia, France and Denmark. The visit was one of the steps taken under the leadership of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to hold Russia accountable for crimes of aggression, genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine