1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050834/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine wants peace and does not intend to move to the occupied territories by force - Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council 18 February 2022 - 22:16 What is happening now in Donbas is an attempt by Russia to provoke our Armed Forces to take certain action, but Ukraine wants peace and does not intend to move to the occupied territories by force. This was stated by Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov at a briefing held at the President's Office. Roman Mashovets discussed with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine the prospects of cooperation in the field of security and defense 18 February 2022 - 20:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Japan Kuninori Matsuda and discussed the security situation around Ukraine and ways to develop Ukrainian-Japanese cooperation on a wide range of security and defense issues. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the diplomatic adviser to the Prime Minister of Denmark 11 February 2022 - 15:01 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about the current security situation in Donbas, in the temporarily occupied Crimea, as well as along the state border of Ukraine. He thanked the Danish side for its solidarity in supporting our country both bilaterally and within the EU and NATO. Ukrainian party hopes to unblock TCG work and advance in humanitarian issues - Andriy Yermak 11 February 2022 - 08:10 According to him, it is also very important that all participants of the meeting of advisers in the Normandy format expressed their full commitment to a comprehensive ceasefire in Donbas. Negotiations in Berlin at the level of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy Four ended 11 February 2022 - 01:02 All parties reaffirmed their willingness to continue negotiations in the Normandy format, and also agreed on the necessity to unblock the work of the Trilateral Contact Group. Andriy Yermak arrived in Berlin to meet with diplomatic advisers to the Normandy format leaders 10 February 2022 - 14:21 Following the talks, a briefing will be held at the Embassy of Ukraine in Germany at 19:00 (approximately). At the talks in Berlin, the Ukrainian side will seek to unblock the work of the TCG to promote the peace process - Andriy Yermak 9 February 2022 - 23:04 One of the goals of the Ukrainian side in the talks of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format will be to unblock the work of the Trilateral Contact Group in order to further advance in a peaceful settlement and put an end to the war in Donbas. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a meeting with representatives of the Ukrainian media. Andriy Sybiha met with the Secretary General of GUAM 7 February 2022 - 15:05 The parties discussed the current activities of the Organization, its main priorities for the near future, as well as the work of the GUAM headquarters located in Kyiv. Joint statement following the meeting of the delegations of Ukraine and the Republic of Poland 31 January 2022 - 18:21 On January 31, 2022, on the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda, the meeting between Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine Oleksandr Kubrakov and Minister of Infrastructure of Poland Andrzej Adamczyk was held in the presence of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Secretary of State in the Chancellery of the President of Poland, Head of the Bureau for International Policy Jakub Kumoch. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak will hold talks with the delegation of the Republic of Poland 31 January 2022 - 12:17 The Polish delegation arrived in our country to fulfill the agreements reached during the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Republic of Poland on January 20-21, 2022. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine