1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041642/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Sanctions on Russia must be long-term in order to force it to end the war against Ukraine and prevent similar aggression in the future - Andriy Yermak 12 May 2022 - 22:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Russia's war against Ukraine is an aggression against the whole of Europe and an attack on generally accepted principles of international relations, and the aggressor must be stopped by joint efforts, including systemic long-term sanctions. Ihor Zhovkva noted the importance of Estonia's assistance in the issue of Ukraine's European integration movement 12 May 2022 - 20:56 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video consultation with Foreign Policy Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Liis Lipre-Järma. President visited the newly built building of the Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery and presented awards to nurses 12 May 2022 - 17:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the newly built building of the Scientific and Practical Medical Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery of the Ministry of Health in Kyiv. Behind the courage and wisdom of the Ukrainian people are thousands of real stories, names and feats - President at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards 12 May 2022 - 08:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards, which was won by the Ukrainian people. The prize was awarded to Ukrainians for their resilience and courage in resisting the Russian invasion. This is the first time The Atlantic Council has awarded an entire people or nation. Speech by the President of Ukraine at The Atlantic Council’s Distinguished Leadership Awards 12 May 2022 - 08:46 On behalf of all Ukrainians, I would like to thank you for this award. It is a fair and correct gesture to honor with this award all the people of Ukraine, because courage is our national trait of character. Today the whole world witnesses this and admires the heroism of Ukrainians. We will liberate our land and people, and with the help of the free world it will be easier to do – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2022 - 22:18 Speaking about the help of partners, we must not forget that victory is gained directly by Ukrainians who are fighting. By all who beat the enemy and strengthen the defense. Andriy Yermak and Michael McFaul discussed further steps to enhance sanctions on Russia 11 May 2022 - 21:37 The main focus was on the institution of sanctions against the leadership of the Russian Federation and Russian oligarchs close to power. This topic will be reflected in the new work of the expert group. Even the public mention of the possible use of nuclear weapons by the leadership of the nuclear state should be the basis for preventive sanctions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 May 2022 - 20:10 If the leader of a nuclear state publicly accepts the use of nuclear weapons by his country, this should be a reason for severe response and preventive sanctions, as it violates international agreements. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during online communication with students of leading universities in France, representatives of academia and the media. The war will end when Ukraine returns everything that the aggressor took from it – President 11 May 2022 - 19:53 Ukraine wants to return the occupied territories, as well as to defend the freedom and human rights that the Russian aggressor is trying to take away from Ukrainian citizens. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation with students of leading universities in France, representatives of academia and the media. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students of leading French universities 11 May 2022 - 19:15 How did it happen that the whole security architecture that was created in Europe after World War II did not work? And not only did not work, but to a large extent did not even try. 77 days of brutal Russian war, which can truly be called a total war to destroy the Ukrainian people. Cities and villages in Ukraine were destroyed. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine