7 captures 11 Nov 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231111092213/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-zustrilasya-z-merom-parizha-ann-idalgo-86929 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to bolster Ukraine's strength – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 November 2023 - 19:07 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 11 November 2023 - 09:03 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 10 November 2023 - 21:34 The cooperation and unity of all who truly value peace that can prevent catastrophes and stop the suffering of peoples – address of the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Paris Peace Forum 10 November 2023 - 21:10 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of National Defence of Lithuania 10 November 2023 - 20:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska met with mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo 10 November 2023 - 20:23 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, as part of her visit to France, met with Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo. On April 14, 2022, Anne Hidalgo made her first visit to Ukraine and visited Bucha and Borodianka. In total, she has visited our country three times. Since the beginning of the Russian invasion, Paris has provided emergency assistance to Ukraine amounting to EUR 1 million for the organization of the collection and delivery of essential goods, established four reception centers for Ukrainian citizens, sent eight dump trucks to Kharkiv to help clear debris, and gave funds to Ukrainian cities to purchase 80 powerful generators. On February 24 and August 24 of this year, at the decision of Anne Hidalgo, the symbol of Paris, the Eiffel Tower, was illuminated in the colors of the Ukrainian flag. In recognition of Paris's support and assistance to Ukrainians, the city was awarded a special distinction called the "City-Rescuer," which the mayor of the French capital received from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "Under your leadership, the French capital confidently transforms into a human-centric, environment-friendly, solidarity-based, and inclusive city of the future. Unfortunately, today in Ukraine, we have to confront the challenge of war while simultaneously building a better future based on the principles of sustainable development, developing our state for the comfortable living of Ukrainians. It would be valuable for us to hear about the positive transformations in Paris and discuss practical projects that we could implement together in Ukraine. We are particularly interested in collaboration on projects in the field of inclusivity and accessibility, as well as psychological support for the population," Olena Zelenska said. Anne Hidalgo briefed the First Lady of Ukraine on the Solidarity Factory project. It is a place for quick response to various emergency situations, where one can receive rapid humanitarian assistance or undergo volunteer training courses. She also spoke about the intention to make 17 districts of the city fully accessible before the start of the Summer Olympics, which will take place next year in Paris. The city administration has also reached out to sports facilities with a request to open sections for people with disabilities. The President's wife emphasized the importance of such experience for Ukraine, which also aims to create a welcoming space for all citizens who have suffered injuries due to war or other reasons. "I would like to secure the support of the Mayor of Paris for the implementation, next summer during the Olympic Games, of a charity concert by the Ukrainian Freedom Orchestra – an orchestra of leading Ukrainian musicians formed after the start of the Russian aggression," Olena Zelenska said. She highlighted the principled position of the Mayor of Paris regarding the exclusion of Russian and Belarusian athletes from participating in the Olympics, even under a neutral flag. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine