3 captures 21 Jan 2021 - 19 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214195719/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/batki-ta-diti-mozhut-doluchitisya-do-rozrobki-nacionalnoyi-s-57813 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Parents and children can participate in the development of a National Strategy for the Protection of Children on the Internet by completing an online application form 15 October 2019 - 13:57 The Office of the President of Ukraine invites parents and children to take part in the development of a National Strategy for the Protection of Children on the Internet by taking part in an online survey. In mid-September the Vice-Prime Minister, the Minister of Digital Transformation, the Commissioner for Children's Rights, and representatives of relevant Ministries agreed on a plan of work on the development of a National Strategy for the Protection of Children on the Internet at the Office of the President. Parents and children can get involved in developing this strategy. To do this, answer the questions of the experts in an online survey by November 3. “92% of children in Ukraine under 12 have access to the Internet. The Internet offers many opportunities for them, but there are many risks. Cyberbullying, online violence, grooming (establishing a trusting relationship with a child for further sexual intercourse, blackmail, exploitation. - Ed.), etc. That is why we have started the preparatory phase of the development of the National Strategy for the Protection of Children on the Internet Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children's Rights Mykola Kuleba said. Development of the National Strategy includes the following stages: 1. To conduct research on the current state of the problem in Ukraine, including through online surveys of parents and children, as well as public, social and private sector partners. 2. To organize the visit of international experts to Ukraine, which is scheduled for November 11-15 this year, in order to establish further cooperation. 3. To develop and present the recommendations of the International Telecommunication Union, to discuss experience and create a plan of action to develop a strategy (December 18-19 this year). The recommendations of the international experts, developed with the participation of relevant representatives of the Ukrainian state, public and private sectors, will form the basis of a future strategy for the protection of children on the Internet, which will be developed next year. Online questionnaires can be found on the Ministry of Education and Science website at the link . Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine