1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013231/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Office of the President of Ukraine hosts a briefing for ambassadors of the Group of Seven and a number of countries on further steps to implement the Peace Formula 22 June 2023 - 08:57 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of the Group of Seven (G7) countries, the European Union, as well as Brazil, Denmark, India, China, South Africa, and Türkiye. Post-war reconstruction will be the key to the prosperity of not only Ukraine but also the whole of Europe – Andriy Yermak at the Ukraine Recovery Conference in London 21 June 2023 - 23:56 After the victory in the war with Russia, Ukraine aims not only to rebuild infrastructure and housing stock of its citizens but also to create the most favorable conditions for investors, which will be the key to the prosperity of not only our country but also the whole of Europe. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak when speaking at the Ukraine Recovery Conference, which is ongoing in London. For Ukrainians and Jews, it is a common war for their own history - Andriy Yermak at an online meeting with representatives of the Jewish community 21 June 2023 - 15:51 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with representatives of Jewish organizations, the Jewish community, and the Israeli media. More than 50 participants from around the world joined the meeting. Andriy Yermak held a briefing on security issues for representatives of the Atlantic Council 21 June 2023 - 11:38 ​On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a videoconference briefing on security issues for members of the Atlantic Council of the United States of America. Andriy Yermak met with the Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions 16 June 2023 - 09:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions David O'Sullivan, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 15 June 2023 - 09:27 Andriy Yermak emphasized the need to strengthen Ukraine's sky shield to protect people from Russia's missile terror. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Timothy Barrow 14 June 2023 - 23:38 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil 14 June 2023 - 09:07 Andriy Yermak spoke about the preparation of the Global Peace Summit, in which Ukraine seeks to involve as many countries as possible in order to implement the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 13 June 2023 - 20:36 The main topic of the conversation was the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular, the consolidation of international support for the Ukrainian peace plan and the possibility of India joining the implementation of its individual points. Andriy Yermak and Margot Wallström, former European Commissioner for the Environment and former Swedish Foreign Minister, discussed the activities of the international working group on Russia's environmental crimes 13 June 2023 - 10:09 Andriy Yermak thanked Margot Wallström for constantly supporting Ukraine, in particular in countering Russia's crimes against the environment. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine