5 captures 04 Jan 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230104223203/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-poslom-yaponiyi-v-ukrayini-80221 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos President: We must put an end to the Russian aggression this year exactly 4 January 2023 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news President: We must put an end to the Russian aggression this year exactly 4 January 2023 - 22:44 Andriy Yermak met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 4 January 2023 - 21:09 We must disrupt the Russian scenario, the terrorists must lose - address by the President of Ukraine 3 January 2023 - 22:17 President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 3 January 2023 - 12:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in presenting the Gold Heart award 30 December 2022 - 16:47 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 4 January 2023 - 21:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda, who chairs the G7 Ambassadors Group. Andriy Yermak congratulated the representative of Japan on the beginning of the official Tokyo's presidency in the Group of Seven in 2023 and expressed hope for continued active cooperation with the G7 countries. "Regular dialogue of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with the heads of state and government of the G7 has proven to be one of the most effective mechanisms for coordinating the efforts of the international community in countering Russian aggression. We look forward to new results of this cooperation that will bring our common victory over the enemy closer," the Head of the Office of the President noted. Andriy Yermak stressed that Ukraine hopes for support from the Group of Seven for the Peace Formula proposed by Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the last G20 summit in Indonesia, and invites states to become leaders in the implementation of its certain points. In his turn, Kuninori Matsuda assured the Ukrainian side of the immutability of Japan's position on the support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and the priority of providing support to our country during the Japanese presidency of the G7. On behalf of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Andriy Yermak thanked Japan for solidarity with Ukraine and reiterated the invitation from the Head of State to Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida to visit Ukraine at his convenience. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine