10 captures 13 May 2021 - 29 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070901/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-pro-pidpisannya-ramkovih-ugod-mizh-ukrayinoyu-68429 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President on the signing of framework agreements between Ukraine and France: This is important both for the Luhansk region and for the capital 13 May 2021 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commended the conclusion of four framework agreements totaling more than 1.3 billion euros by the governments of Ukraine and France. These documents were signed during the visit of Minister of Economy and Finance of France Bruno Le Maire to Ukraine. In particular, a framework agreement was signed on official support for the project to improve water supply in the city of Kyiv. The document provides for the reconstruction of water supply networks in the capital for the sum of up to 70 million euros, which will help improve the quality of drinking water for 25% of the city residents. A framework agreement was also signed to support the financing of a project to improve the supply of drinking water in the Luhansk region for the sum of 70 million euros. This will allow access to quality drinking water for the residents of 20 settlements in the region. In addition, a framework agreement was signed to support the upgrade of the fleet of electric freight locomotives of JSC Ukrainian Railways, which provides for the supply of more than 100 locomotives by Alstom company for the sum of up to 900 million euros with the production localization level of 35%. A framework agreement was also signed to support the enhancement of protection of the population, territories and environment of Ukraine from emergencies. The document provides for the supply of 370 rescue vehicles for the State Emergency Service of Ukraine for the sum of up to 300 million euros. "I am glad that everything we agreed with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron is not just words. Professional people managed to bring it all from words to serious deals. All these four agreements are topical," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in a video call after the signing of the documents. The President noted the importance of concluding agreements to improve the quality of water supply in Ukraine. "I am very glad that we are solving this issue not only at the local level, but also at the state level. Big money will be invested. This is important both in the Luhansk region and in the capital of Ukraine," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the significance of concluding an agreement on renewing the fleet of railway locomotives. "It is very important for Ukraine that the level of localization of production will be 35%. That is, there will be both equipment upgrade and increase in the number of jobs," he said. The President reiterated the invitation to President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron to the festivities on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence in August this year. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine