1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030332/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=161 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Nowhere on the frontline do we give in to the enemy, in certain areas we are preparing future successes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 November 2022 - 23:28 About a hundred Russian attacks were repelled in the Donetsk region only yesterday. All our warriors who are holding out in Donbas are true heroes. African countries saw how Russia blocked the Black Sea and began to support Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with Irish students 18 November 2022 - 18:41 After Russia blocked the export of grain from the ports of the Black Sea region, the countries of the African continent began to gradually change their attitude towards the Russian Federation and direct the political vector to support Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the student community of Ireland. Russian aggression does not stop for a single day, so the pressure on Russia should not stop either, and everyone can do it at their own level - address by the President of Ukraine to the university community of Ireland 18 November 2022 - 18:20 Please look for specific projects that can help our defense and our people. The more collective efforts are made, the sooner we will force Russia to leave the territory of Ukraine and fulfill its obligations to the world. President of Ukraine met with the Executive Vice-President of the European Commission 18 November 2022 - 15:32 The interlocutors focused on issues of urgent financial support for Ukraine until the end of the current year and coordination of plans for 2023. If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:19 This Russian aggression should lead the whole world to an obvious conclusion: never again should there be mass famine in the world. Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro 17 November 2022 - 16:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro Tamara Brajovic. A number of countries found themselves on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started a war of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting on the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative 17 November 2022 - 15:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on providing aid to the countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The meeting was also attended by representatives of the Office of the President, ministries and departments, ambassadors of Ukraine, foreign diplomats accredited in our country and representatives of international organizations. Challenges of the war spurred the development of technology in Ukraine, decreased the influence of Russia on the economy and reduced the level of corruption - President 17 November 2022 - 14:58 The challenges of the war spurred the development of technologies in Ukraine, and after the end of hostilities, the restoration of the energy sector, as well as the development of the mining and processing industry will be relevant. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy while answering questions at the Bloomberg New Economy Forum. The Ukrainian side will join the work of the joint international investigative commission at the site of the fall of the rocket in Poland - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 November 2022 - 14:19 "Yesterday we insisted that we be included in the joint international investigative commission, and already late in the evening we received confirmation. In the morning, our specialists will go there and join this professional community," the Head of State said. The more forms of terror Russia will use in this war, the more money the world will spend on weapons and defense - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Bloomberg New Economy Forum 17 November 2022 - 12:25 Therefore, when Ukraine offers a peace formula, it is really a peace formula not just for us, but for the world. When the threat is complex, the response must be complex as well. Nothing can be solved by simply ceasing fire. This is our formula. We need to restore peace - reliably and for the long term. 1 2 ... 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine