10 captures 29 Nov 2022 - 17 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221129233515/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-olena-zelenska-vistupila-pered-parlamentom-spolu-79541 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos For Russia to be held to account for aggression, a Special Tribunal is needed, and we are doing everything to create it - address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2022 - 23:35 View all videos n latest news First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 29 November 2022 - 23:47 For Russia to be held to account for aggression, a Special Tribunal is needed, and we are doing everything to create it - address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2022 - 23:33 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with singer Jamala on the eve of her trip to the USA to participate in public and cultural events 29 November 2022 - 20:17 In London, the Olena Zelenska Foundation started raising funds for the restoration of the hospital in Izyum 29 November 2022 - 16:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 29 November 2022 - 23:47 As part of her visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke before the Parliament of the United Kingdom. In her speech, the President's wife compared the bombing of Ukraine by the Russian aggressor to the bombing of Great Britain by the Nazis during World War II. "You didn't give up. We will not give up. But we need more than just victory. We need justice. I came to you precisely for this - for justice, with which this war should end just as that war ended. It was impossible to imagine that after all the crimes of the Nazis they would be left unpunished. We can't imagine it either. In the same way, we strive for justice for our people, against whom Russian missile raids are targeted," the First Lady said. During her speech, Olena Zelenska showed footage of Ukrainian cities during blackout as a result of Russian shelling and photos of people who are forced to look for electricity and heat. In particular, she showed a photo of a girl whose parents brought her to a gas station in Kyiv to be able to turn on her inhaler. Separately, the President's wife focused on the facts of numerous rapes of Ukrainians by the Russian invaders. This topic was the focus of her speech yesterday at the PSVI Conference on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict. "Everywhere in the liberated cities and communities, after the retreat of the Russian army, torture chambers arranged by the occupiers are found. Thousands of their crimes have been documented, including crimes of sexual violence. We know that the youngest girl who was raped by the Russian occupiers is four years old. The oldest victim is 85 years old. These are established victims. And how many of those we don't know about yet?" added Olena Zelenska. The First Lady called on the British parliament and the government to lead a global effort to establish a Special Tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. In particular, to promote the adoption of the resolution of the UN General Assembly prepared by Ukraine on the creation of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression of the Russian Federation against our country - by analogy with the Declaration of St James's Palace of the Second World War, when a document was signed on January 13, 1942, which recorded the will to prosecute all those guilty of war crimes, crimes against humanity and crimes against peace. The Nuremberg trials were subsequently held on this basis. "Today I am asking you to become a world leader of justice. For Ukraine, but also for the world! Because justice is needed not only by us and all our victims. It is needed so that the world continues to live according to the values of humanism, not the right of the strong, as the invader would like. Justice is needed for the whole world to survive," the President's wife emphasized. After the speech, the First Lady held a meeting with Speaker of the House of Commons of the British Parliament Lindsay Hoyle, during which she thanked for the invitation and assured that Ukraine highly appreciates both the personal position of the Speaker of the House of Commons, who strongly condemns Russian aggression, and the constant strong support from British MPs. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine