1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052209/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=58 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine will develop bilateral relations with many countries and regions of the world, actively protect energy and cyber security - President 5 July 2021 - 12:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that in the modern world, due to the strengthening of competition between countries and the growth of state "egoism", the role of bilateral agreements increases. This was stated by the Head of State during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. International Policy, which continues in Kyiv. President: Formation of a powerful "external frontline" of Ukraine is the task of each of our diplomat 5 July 2021 - 11:54 Countering the aggressor, ensuring sovereignty and restoration of territorial integrity of Ukraine is the highest priority of the work of Ukrainian diplomacy. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the speech at the Forum "Ukraine 30. International Policy" in Kyiv. President visited the "Ross" destroyer of the US Navy in Odesa: Thanks to the support of our partners, Ukraine will be able to more successfully protect its independence 4 July 2021 - 15:01 During a working visit to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the "Ross" destroyer of the US Navy, which participates in the International Naval Exercises “Sea Breeze - 2021” President of Ukraine on the boat "Slovyansk" watched the demonstration flying of the air column on the Day of the Naval Forces During a working trip to the Odesa region, on the occasion of the Naval Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy boarded 4 July 2021 - 13:03 During a working trip to the Odesa region, on the occasion of the Naval Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy boarded the patrol boat "Slovyansk". In Odesa, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in solemn events on the occasion of the Day of the Naval Forces 4 July 2021 - 12:47 During a working visit to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in solemn events on the occasion of the Day of the Naval Forces of Ukraine, which took place at the Odesa Maritime Station. President started a working trip to the Odesa region 4 July 2021 - 09:50 The Head of State will take part in festivities on the occasion of the Day of the Naval Forces of Ukraine. President of Ukraine and His Holiness Pope Francis discussed peace in Donbas and a visit to Ukraine 30 June 2021 - 17:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with His Holiness Pope Francis. The Head of State congratulated the pontiff on the Feast of Saints Peter and Paul. "I appreciate the opportunity to continue our dialogue. The Holy See is the world's moral authority," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy submits a draft law on the Great State Emblem of Ukraine to the Verkhovna Rada as an urgent one 28 June 2021 - 12:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy submits a draft law on the Great State Emblem of Ukraine to the Verkhovna Rada as an urgent one and asks the people’s deputies to consider it out of turn. The Head of State said this during a speech at a solemn meeting of the parliament on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Constitution of Ukraine. Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a solemn meeting of the Verkhovna Rada on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Constitution of Ukraine 28 June 2021 - 11:27 A quarter of a century ago, on this very day, in this very hall, a very important symbol of our history, our independence and our state was born! And I sincerely congratulate all of us on this great, special, double holiday - the Day of the Constitution of Ukraine and the 25th anniversary of its adoption! President honored the memory of Pylyp Orlyk, the creator of the first Ukrainian Constitution 28 June 2021 - 11:03 On the day of the 25th anniversary of the Basic Law of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the creator of the first Ukrainian Constitution - Hetman Pylyp Orlyk. 1 2 ... 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine