2 captures 29 Jun 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 May JUN Jul 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230629221540/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-83909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Combating ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, and we must implement each of its points - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 June 2023 - 22:25 View all videos n latest news Combating ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, and we must implement each of its points - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 June 2023 - 22:25 President had a phone call with the President of Guatemala 29 June 2023 - 22:21 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Chatham House 2022 Award Ceremony: This award for Ukraine is another proof that the world believes in our country, Ukrainians and our victory 29 June 2023 - 22:01 Briefing for the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War was held in the Office of the President 29 June 2023 - 20:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 17:13 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 29 June 2023 - 09:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Andriy Yermak briefed Jake Sullivan on the operational situation on the battlefield. Separately, the Head of the President's Office thanked the United States for another package of defense support, which includes equipment and ammunition needed by the Ukrainian defense forces. Andriy Yermak also summed up the results of the meeting of national security advisors and political advisors to the leaders of Brazil, the United Kingdom, Denmark, the European Union, Italy, India, Canada, Germany, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, the United States, Türkiye, Ukraine, France and Japan in Copenhagen, during which consultations were held on key principles of peace. The participants discussed the details of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, which according to Ukraine should become the basis for achieving sustainable and just peace in our country. The parties also agreed to continue consultations. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine emphasized that this meeting was a clear signal of respect for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine as one of the most important principles of the UN Charter. Andriy Yermak also expressed gratitude to President Joseph Biden, his Administration, both houses of Congress and the entire American nation for their strong support of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine