1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224064713/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=72 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey began in Istanbul 10 April 2021 - 15:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on a working visit to Turkey, began a meeting with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. President of Ukraine will pay a working visit to Turkey on April 10 9 April 2021 - 16:10 The President will meet with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The ninth meeting of the High-Level Strategic Council between Ukraine and Turkey will be held under the co-chairmanship of the Presidents of the two states. President spent the second day in Donbas 9 April 2021 - 13:30 During a working trip to Donbas, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spent a night in positions of the defenders of the independence of the Ukrainian state. Government representatives must support Ukrainian warriors on the frontline - President 8 April 2021 - 20:27 Government representatives must regularly visit the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions to support our defenders, especially when there is an aggravation on the touch line, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a working trip to Donbas. We remember every defender who died for Ukraine - President visited the positions of Ukrainian troops in Donbas 8 April 2021 - 15:57 During a working trip to Donbas, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions on the frontline of defense, where the largest number of violations of the comprehensive and permanent ceasefire regime was recorded. President is on a working trip to Donbas 8 April 2021 - 11:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is going to Donbas as the Supreme Commander-in-Chief to communicate with the military and support the fighting spirit of the defenders. President had a meeting with the Chairman of the NATO Military Committee 7 April 2021 - 21:16 "We are grateful for NATO's serious interest in the situation in Ukraine, the east and the occupied Crimea. We are grateful to our partners for their constant support of our sovereignty and territorial integrity. Unfortunately, we really see complications now in the east of Ukraine, in Donbas. We really see an increase in the number of gunshots," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at the beginning of the meeting. Ihor Zhovkva and the diplomatic advisor to the President of Slovakia discussed topical issues of bilateral cooperation and Ukraine's relations with the EU 6 April 2021 - 19:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with diplomatic advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzova. Ukraine has signed an agreement with Pfizer for the supply of 10 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 April 2021 - 19:08 Ukraine has signed an agreement with the American pharmaceutical corporation Pfizer for the supply of 10 million doses of the vaccine against COVID-19, which was agreed on in February by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau discussed the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 6 April 2021 - 17:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. The President of Ukraine thanked the interlocutor for Canada’s consistent support of Ukraine, which is especially valuable in the difficult times of the current aggravation of the security situation in Donbas. 1 2 ... 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine