6 captures 21 Apr 2024 - 16 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240421030157/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dniprovshina-otrimaye-ponad-32-mlrd-griven-u-mezhah-ekonomic-90433 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Received a Decision – the U.S. Assistance, Which Will Be Felt by Both the Warriors on the Frontline, and the Cities and Villages Suffering from Russian Terror – Address by the President 20 April 2024 - 21:31 View all videos n latest news Today, We Received a Decision – the U.S. Assistance, Which Will Be Felt by Both the Warriors on the Frontline, and the Cities and Villages Suffering from Russian Terror – Address by the President 20 April 2024 - 21:30 Ukrainian Art is in Venice Today to Remind of the Role of Ukraine in Protecting the Culture of the Whole World – Olena Zelenska at the Venice Biennale 20 April 2024 - 19:48 Brazil's Participation in the First Global Peace Summit is Important for Ukraine — Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an Interview with Brazilian Media 20 April 2024 - 14:20 Dnipropetrovsk Region will Receive Over UAH 3.2 Billion within the Made in Ukraine Economic Platform 20 April 2024 - 12:08 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk Region 19 April 2024 - 11:18 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Dnipropetrovsk Region will Receive Over UAH 3.2 Billion within the Made in Ukraine Economic Platform 20 April 2024 - 12:08 During his working visit to Dnipro, the President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the Made in Ukraine economic platform. The Head of State thanked the entrepreneurs for staying in their region, supporting the economy and providing jobs despite the full-scale Russian aggression. "Thank you for your faith in Ukraine! When you protect our economy, you also protect our country. Of course, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are the top priority, but so are the enterprises that support our Armed Forces and provide opportunities for civilians to live. A living economy is a living state that is able to defend itself," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of strengthening our air defense and protecting our energy infrastructure. According to the President, the state authorities are aware that business is in a difficult situation in times of war. That is why the Made in Ukraine platform was created to support it, solve the problems and develop domestic production. Yuliia Svyrydenko, First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy of Ukraine, noted that this year more than UAH 3.2 billion has been allocated for the Dnipropetrovsk region within all support programs. The more actively the regional enterprises apply for the relevant programs, the more money they will receive. The funds are being allocated to the 5-7-9% state support program, grants for recycling, compensations, and some new programs that the businesses are already familiar with. ph Working Trip of the Head of State to the Dnipropetrovsk Region 19 April 2024 - 20:09 ph Working Trip of the Head of State to the Dnipropetrovsk Region 19 April 2024 - 20:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine