9 captures 03 May 2024 - 13 Aug 2025 Apr MAY Jun 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240503134948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/den-prisvyachenij-situaciyi-na-hmelnichchini-bezpeka-zahist-90681 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:42 View all videos n latest news A Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Was Launched in Finland, and Ukrainian Bookshelves Appeared in Canada, Hungary, Ireland, Poland, and Portugal. 3 May 2024 - 14:53 Security is the Top Priority: In the Khmelnytskyi Region, the Head of State Introduced the New Head of the Regional Military Administration and Held a Meeting on the Situation in the Region 3 May 2024 - 14:08 The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:37 In Khmelnytskyi, the President Paid a Visit to the Warriors Recovering from Wounds and Presented Them with Awards 3 May 2024 - 13:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and First Lady Met with HRH Duchess Sophie of Edinburgh 30 April 2024 - 09:36 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:37 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today I am in Khmelnytskyi. The day is devoted to the situation in the region – security issues, protection of the region, everything related to the contribution of Khmelnytskyi region to the defense of our entire country. There were detailed reports on air defense and electronic warfare in the region at key facilities. We discussed the safety of the Khmelnytskyi Nuclear Power Plant, the overall potential of the energy sector in the region, and the restoration of those facilities that were damaged by Russian strikes. Today I appointed Serhiy Tiurin as the head of the regional administration. We presented our economic platform "Made in Ukraine" in the region, and I had the opportunity to talk and thank the entrepreneurs of the region, all those who preserve jobs and provide the economic foundation for our country. Today I also met with our border guards, our men and women, the cadets of the Academy of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine, who are studying to be strong so that our state can become stronger, studying here in Khmelnytskyi. There were also lyceum students. I would like to thank all the lecturers of the Academy for their professionalism, the command staff of the Border Guard Service, its commander, Lieutenant General Serhiy Deineko, and the Minister of Internal Affairs, Ihor Klymenko, for their support, and each of our border guards for making all Ukrainians confident in your loyalty to Ukraine. And I started this day by visiting a military hospital and expressing my gratitude to our doctors, nurses, and everyone who helps save our warriors after they have been wounded and provides rehabilitation. The key is to do everything at your own level so that our entire Ukraine can achieve the necessary results. I am grateful and proud of everyone who is fighting for our country, everyone who is working to make sure we endure, everyone who is helping. I am proud of Ukraine! Thank you, Khmelnytskyi, for this day! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine