1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309015746/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Regarding the negotiations between the delegations of Ukraine and Russia 27 February 2022 - 16:28 Alexander Lukashenko called President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a conversation with Alexander Lukashenko 27 February 2022 - 13:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Alexander Lukashenko. Address by the President of Ukraine to the citizens on the fourth day of the war 27 February 2022 - 10:21 We have to call a spade a spade. Russia's criminal actions against Ukraine show signs of genocide. I talked about this with the UN Secretary General. Russia is on the path of evil. The world must deprive Russia of the right to vote in the UN Security Council. Ukrainians! We know exactly what we are defending. We will definitely win. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed the citizens of Belarus 27 February 2022 - 09:54 In the war that is going on now, you are not on the same side with us. Regretfully. From your territory, the troops of the Russian Federation launch rockets into Ukraine. Our children are being killed from your territory, our houses are being destroyed, they are trying to blow up everything that has been built over decades - and, by the way, not only by us, but also by our fathers, our grandfathers. Appeal to foreign citizens to help Ukraine in fighting against Russia’s aggression 27 February 2022 - 08:18 The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is addressing all citizens of the world, friends of Ukraine, peace and democracy. Anyone who wants to join the defense of Ukraine, Europe and the world can come and fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals. President posthumously awarded Vitaliy Skakun the title of Hero of Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 22:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed Decree № 74/2022 on awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine to sapper, sailor Vitaliy Skakun (posthumously) for outstanding personal courage and heroism shown in defending the state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, loyalty to the military oath. Address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 19:44 We give a decent rebuff - I'm sure you see it in the news. I want to say just one more thing. We will fight as long as it takes to liberate the country. If children are born in shelters, even when the shelling continues, then the enemy has no chance in this undoubtedly People's war. President of Ukraine expects from Russia a full-fledged negotiation process, not the language of ultimatums - Mykhailo Podoliak 26 February 2022 - 17:12 "Any war inevitably ends with negotiations. Ukraine heard the negotiating position outlined in Moscow. They know our view on the negotiating format and our negotiating position. Therefore, their comments that we allegedly refused to negotiate are just part of their tactics," he said. We withstood: address by the President of Ukraine on the third day of the war 26 February 2022 - 12:14 Kyiv and key cities around the capital are controlled by our army. The invaders wanted to block the center of our state and put their puppets here, as in Donetsk. We broke their plan. They did not gain any advantage over us. Mykhailo Podolyak on the Russian invasion: Russian troops have not gained any operational and tactical advantage in Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 09:30 "We understood that tonight would be difficult, because Russia planned to use and used all its resources and reserves to inflict maximum damage on us in the maximum number of our cities. I will say at once that this did not happen - the Armed Forces of Ukraine together with the National Police of Ukraine completely control the whole situation and the territory of our state," he stressed. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine