11 captures 09 Jun 2021 - 19 Mar 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214173628/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ssha-podilyayut-nashu-poziciyu-sho-nemozhlivo-68949 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 The future of European security architecture is being decided in Ukraine today - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with German Chancellor 14 February 2022 - 18:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: The United States shares our position that it is impossible to solve any issues related to Ukraine without Ukraine 9 June 2021 - 18:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that the United States will adhere to the principled position of supporting Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity during a meeting between US President Joe Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin on June 16 in Geneva. "The meeting between Joe Biden and Vladimir Putin is very important. I think the whole world will monitor it. A few days ago, President Joe Biden called President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to discuss all issues, including this meeting with the President of Russia and the position of the United States at this meeting. After all, the United States is a strategic partner of Ukraine, which always supports the territorial integrity and sovereignty of our country. The President of Ukraine heard the same during this conversation with the President of the United States. This position is principled and unwavering," Andriy Yermak said during a working trip of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Donetsk region. The Head of the Office of the President stressed that it is illogical and impossible to consider and solve any issues concerning Ukraine without Ukraine, it is not in the interests of our country, and he is absolutely sure that such a position is shared by Ukraine’s partners. Speaking about the situation in Donbas, Andriy Yermak noted that, fortunately, in recent days there has been a certain decrease in tension on the touch line. "There are fewer shots, fewer provocations, and as a result, we have not had a single victim in the last few days. But it is too early to say that this is a solid trend," he said. Andriy Yermak reminded that the representatives of Ukraine in the Trilateral Contact Group and in the Normandy format have tried several times to achieve signing of a joint document, which would officially state the return to full ceasefire in Donbas, but this has not happened yet, unfortunately. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine