36 captures 28 Jun 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230628031307/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-proyav-teroru-znovu-dovodit-usomu-svitu-sho-rosiya-za-83849 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every manifestation of terror proves to the whole world that Russia deserves only defeat and a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 23:13 View all videos n latest news Every manifestation of terror proves to the whole world that Russia deserves only defeat and a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 23:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Norway 27 June 2023 - 20:31 First Lady presented a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the National Museum of Australia 27 June 2023 - 10:41 Ukrainian Peace Formula is a guarantee of sustainable and just peace in Ukraine and the world - Ihor Zhovkva in a conversation with the Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain 27 June 2023 - 10:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 26 June 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Every manifestation of terror proves to the whole world that Russia deserves only defeat and a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 23:11 Fellow Ukrainians! Exactly on the anniversary of the Russian terrorists' attack on Kremenchuk, on the shopping mall, when 22 people were killed, Russian savages again fired missiles at the Kremenchuk district. Today, Russian terrorists also brutally shelled Kramatorsk. S-300 missiles. Three people were killed, including a child. My condolences to the families and friends. As of this hour, more than 40 people are wounded. Assistance is being provided to all. The rubble is being cleared. Each such manifestation of terror proves over and over again to us and to the whole world that Russia deserves only one thing as a result of everything it has done - defeat and a tribunal, fair and legal trials against all Russian murderers and terrorists. And I thank again and again everyone in the world who supports Ukraine and helps protect our people! Today we have a new defense package from the United States for our warriors. Armored vehicles and ammunition for Patriots, Stingers and HIMARS. Additional shells for our artillery. I thank Mr. President Biden, the Congress, both parties, and all Americans! I spoke with Mr. Prime Minister of Norway. I thanked him for the support provided - defense, economic, and political. It is very significant! I informed him about my trip yesterday to the frontline, to our warriors, about our current defense capabilities. I voiced some of our military needs. We also discussed the creation of a fighter jet coalition. A separate topic in the conversation was the upcoming NATO Summit in Vilnius. I am grateful to Norway for its understanding! Today, I also held a special meeting with our international experts - the Office and the government - to discuss preparations for the Vilnius Summit. I am confident that the decisions of the summit can be positive for Ukraine! We are doing everything possible for this and have engaged all of Ukraine's international capabilities. And, of course, the frontline. Our heroes, our active actions. Today, we also have advancement! In all directions where we are conducting offensive operations. Thank you, warriors! Today we have important results in repelling Russian assaults. I am very grateful to you! Today, I would like to pay special tribute to the glorious 3rd separate assault brigade, the strong 28th separate mechanized brigade, the heroic 54th separate mechanized brigade and the tough 57th separate motorized infantry brigade. I thank all of you, warriors! Well done! Thank you for every occupier destroyed and every Ukrainian life saved! Glory to our heroes! Thank you to everyone in the world who is not afraid of Russian terrorists and is restoring security in the world together with us! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine