3 captures 15 Jun 2024 - 03 Apr 2025 May JUN Jul 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240615104315/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=12 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy to Participate in the G7 Special Meeting 13 June 2024 - 17:24 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukrainian railway workers demonstrated courage and strength in the defense of our state - President 4 November 2022 - 15:29 On the occasion of Railway Workers' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with employees of Ukrzaliznytsia JSC and presented state awards. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a group of heads of delegations of NATO member states 3 November 2022 - 23:14 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the heads of delegations of NATO member states to the headquarters of the Alliance, who are on a working visit to Ukraine. To endure Russian energy terror is our national task now - address by the President of Ukraine 3 November 2022 - 22:41 The very fact that Russia resorted to terror against the energy industry shows the weakness of the enemy. They cannot defeat Ukraine on the battlefield, and that is why they are trying to break our people in this way - to humiliate Ukrainians, to strike at the morale of our people, at the resistance of our people. I believe that Russia will not succeed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy created a working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. 3 November 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to create a special Working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The Head of State signed the corresponding decree on November 3, 2022. Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 3 November 2022 - 20:43 Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. In case Russia uses nuclear weapons, the world we live in now will no longer exist, there will be a completely different world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 November 2022 - 19:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that in case the Russian Federation uses nuclear weapons against Ukraine, the world will change forever, and it will have devastating consequences for Russia itself. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Greece 3 November 2022 - 19:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of Greece Katerina Sakellaropoulou who is on a visit to our country. As part of her visit to Portugal, Olena Zelenska met with the country's Prime Minister António Сosta 3 November 2022 - 17:26 The visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to the Portuguese Republic continues. On the second day of the visit, the President's wife met with Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa and paid a visit to the Ukrainian IDPs. Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published Paper #7 - IT & Supporting Technologies: Recommendations for Sanctions 3 November 2022 - 11:29 An independent group of international experts on sanctions against Russia has developed a detailed document that lists all the IT technologies that should be taken away from the criminal regime. Grain Initiative will continue, Russian blackmail turns out to be fruitless – address of President of Ukraine 2 November 2022 - 23:04 Every time Russian blackmail intensifies, food prices rise. And every time the world does not give in to blackmail, foodstuffs become cheaper. And if there was no Russian attack on Ukraine, there wouldn't even be a phantom threat of the global food crisis. 1 2 ... 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine