6 captures 13 Nov 2020 - 11 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220328053726/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ponovlennya-posadi-specpredstavnika-derzhdepartamentu-z-pita-65069 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:40 View all videos n latest news The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:38 President: “Denazification” and demilitarization of Ukraine is not discussed at all in talks with Russia 28 March 2022 - 00:22 In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 Ukrainian servicemen in Mariupol are not ready to leave their wounded and dead brothers-in-arms in the city - President 27 March 2022 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Renewal of the position of US Department of State Special Representative for Ukraine would allow the United States to better understand the peace process - Ihor Zhovkva 12 November 2020 - 15:39 The participants of the meeting of advisors to the leaders of the Normandy Four in the format of a video conference scheduled for November 13 will discuss the intensification of the work of the Trilateral Contact Group, including the action plan presented by Ukraine, as stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva during the program "We ask questions here" on Radio NV. "Certain time has passed since the summit of the Normandy leaders in December last year, but that does not mean that no work has been done. The Normandy format exists not only at the level of leaders - presidential advisors actively communicate with each other. The planned video conference of Normandy format advisors will take place tomorrow," Ihor Zhovkva said. According to him, the agenda of this video conference includes ways to intensify the work of the Trilateral Contact Group. The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted that Ukraine is trying to speed up the negotiation process by proposing constructive steps, including an action plan, which the Ukrainian party has already presented at the TCG working group on political issues. "We need to intensify the process in the TCG and encourage Russia to fulfill the commitments and agreements it has undertaken," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. According to him, Volodymyr Zelenskyy constantly communicates with the leaders of the Normandy format. Ihor Zhovkva did not rule out the possibility of renewing the post of US Department of State Special Representative for Ukraine after the inauguration of the new President of the United States. "I think we will raise this issue with the new White House administration. It would be useful and important. It is the track that would allow the United States to understand what is happening within the Normandy format without formally participating in it," the Deputy Head of the Office of the President said. He reiterated that Ukraine completely fulfills its commitments within the TCG and the Normandy format, yet the reciprocal movement from the other side is needed for peace to be achieved. And Ukraine counts on the support of international partners in this matter. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine