6 captures 23 Aug 2022 - 05 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220823091447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nikoli-ne-viznayemo-chuzhih-koloriv-na-svoyij-zemli-j-zav-77213 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, if you are abroad, be there with the flag of Ukraine and spread the truth about the crimes of the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2022 - 22:02 View all videos n latest news We will never recognize foreign colors on our land and are always ready to defend the blue-yellow flag - President 23 August 2022 - 10:36 Andriy Yermak following the "Kyiv Initiative": Ukraine's victory will be our joint victory with partners 22 August 2022 - 22:20 These days, if you are abroad, be there with the flag of Ukraine and spread the truth about the crimes of the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2022 - 21:57 The first meeting of the "Kyiv Initiative" format initiated by the Head of the President's Office took place with the participation of advisors to the heads of state and government of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries 22 August 2022 - 20:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in festivities on the occasion of National Flag Day of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 10:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We will never recognize foreign colors on our land and are always ready to defend the blue-yellow flag - President 23 August 2022 - 10:36 On National Flag Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn ceremony of raising the blue-yellow flag. In the presence of the Head of State, the country's largest flag, located on the territory of the National Museum of the History of Ukraine in World War II, was raised in Kyiv. The solemn raising was accompanied by a military orchestra. The National Anthem was played. The honor guard company marched. During the speech, the President noted that every year, shortly before Independence Day, the Ukrainian people pay tribute to one of their most important symbols and one of the greatest shrines - the National Flag of Ukraine. "The combination of two colors that we incredibly love, cherish and will never exchange for any other. We will never recognize foreign colors on our land and in our sky. And we are always ready to defend our blue-yellow flag," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State announced a moment of silence to commemorate the heroes who gave their lives for these colors. The President noted that our flag has gone through a lot and was present at many places. In particular, it was brought to the parliament on the day of the declaration of independence of Ukraine, it was in space together with Leonid Kadeniuk, at the North Pole with our polar explorers, it conquered Everest. The blue-yellow flag was also a star on the stages in Istanbul, Stockholm and Turin, when the Ukrainians who won the Eurovision wrapped themselves in it, it triumphantly rose above the flags of other countries at the Olympic Games in Atlanta, Sydney, Beijing, London and many others cities of the world. "It also attended the 1976 Olympics in Montreal, when during the semi-final match between the USSR and GDR national football teams, Danylo Myhal, a representative of the Ukrainian diaspora in Canada, ran onto the field. Dressed in vyshyvanka and carrying a blue-yellow flag, he danced the hopak. He always dreamed of transferring this flag to Ukraine. Today it finally happened. And this legendary flag will be raised today at the opening of the Ukrainian football championship," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President also emphasized that the blue and yellow colors were on the armor and near the hearts of Ukrainian warriors when they liberated Kramatorsk, Sloviansk, Mariupol and dozens of other cities in 2014, as well as the Kyiv region, Chernihiv region, Sumy region and our other occupied lands in 2022. "It witnessed the birth of a world masterpiece and heard firsthand where the "Russian warship" should go. Now everyone is in their place: our flag has returned to Zmiinyi Island, and the "Moskva" cruiser has followed the given course," said the Head of State. The President expressed belief that the blue-yellow flag will fly again where it should be by right. "In all temporarily occupied cities and villages of Ukraine. Occupied - temporarily. Fly - forever. In Melitopol, above Peremohy Square. Where there can be no flag of those who lose the war. There will be blue and yellow. In Kherson, above Svobody Square. There can be no flag of those who do not know what freedom is. There will be blue and yellow," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President emphasized that the Ukrainian flag will again be on Azovsky Avenue in Berdyansk, on Zelena Alley in Skadovsk, over the NPP in Enerhodar and over the Kakhovska HPP, on the Adzhyholsky lighthouse and on Savur-Mohyla, on the shores of Siverskyi Donets, Kalmius, near the Oleshky sands. "There cannot be a flag of those who hear these names for the first time. There will be blue and yellow. And in Crimea. In Yalta, in Kerch, Dzhankoy, Simferopol, on Ai-Petri. Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar flags. And no matter how someone tries to twist history, exactly these colors are historically associated with Crimea," the Head of State emphasized. The blue-yellow flag will also be in Lutuhyne, over the Taras Shevchenko House of Culture, in Lysychansk, over the Volodymyr Sosiura Palace of Culture, because there cannot be another flag next to these names, Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced. "Our flag will fly again in Milove, near the Bell of Memory and the memorial to the victors of Nazism. And it will be in Severodonetsk, next to the monument to the Cossacks. There should not be a flag of those who have nothing to do with either the first or the second. There will be blue and yellow. Our Ukrainian flag. Our amulet. Amulet of Ukraine. From land to the skies! Happy National Flag Day," the President summed up. According to the Constitution, the national symbols of Ukraine are the National Flag, the National Coat of Arms, and the National Anthem of Ukraine. The National Flag is a flag made of two equal-sized horizontal stripes of blue and yellow colors. ph Participation of the President in festivities on the occasion of National Flag Day of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 10:09 ph Participation of the President in festivities on the occasion of National Flag Day of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 10:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine