1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233433/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The Presidential Office has launched a coordination platform that will address relations with business 17 July 2023 - 20:34 The meetings are planned to take place at the Office of the President of Ukraine on a weekly basis. Andriy Yermak told Ukrainian and foreign journalists about the results of the President's recent foreign visits and the NATO Summit in Vilnius 14 July 2023 - 23:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media to discuss the recent foreign visits of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his participation in the NATO Summit in Vilnius. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India 14 July 2023 - 15:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India Sanjay Verma. Ihor Zhovkva met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic 13 July 2023 - 19:26 The parties focused on the preparation of the Second Parliamentary Summit of the International Crimea Platform to be held in Prague at the end of October this year. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Zdeněk Beránek for the readiness of the Czech side to host the Summit in the capital of the country. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of the Republic of Korea to Ukraine 13 July 2023 - 17:16 The interlocutors discussed preparations for the next meeting at the ambassadorial level on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the organization of the Global Peace Summit, in which the Republic of Korea plans to participate. Security guarantees received by Ukraine are not theoretical, they are an effective mechanism for effective defense of the state - Andriy Yermak on the results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius 13 July 2023 - 12:10 A key achievement was the approval by the G7 countries of a Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, including the provision of security guarantees until Ukraine joins NATO. Andriy Smyrnov discussed the progress of judicial reform in Ukraine with Director-General of the European Commission for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Negotiations 11 July 2023 - 16:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov met with Director-General of the European Commission for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Negotiations Gert Jan Koopman. Side by side: 15 regions of Ukraine join restoration of settlements in Kherson region 7 July 2023 - 21:42 On the instructions of the President, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba made a working trip to Kherson region, where he presented the "Side by Side" initiative. Within the framework of this initiative, 15 regions of Ukraine will help rebuild the settlements of Kherson region suffered in hostilities and occupation by the Russian army. The Czech Republic and the Czech people are not just partners, but true friends and brothers of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak in an exclusive interview with Czech radio during a visit to Prague 7 July 2023 - 15:34 During the official visit of the Ukrainian delegation headed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Czech Republic, the Head of the Presidential Office gave an exclusive interview to the largest public radio broadcaster in the Czech Republic, Český Rozhlas. Andriy Yermak held a second meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions on the implementation of the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula Pursuant to the President's instructions, Head of the Office of the President of U 5 July 2023 - 22:40 The meeting was a continuation of the previous consultations held on June 30 this year. Special attention within the meeting held at the Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War was paid to consultations on the release of military and civilian prisoners held by Russia. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine