22 captures 12 Feb 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230212203702/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/elementi-rosijskoyi-sistemi-yaki-zalucheni-do-vijni-mayut-bu-80949 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Elements of the Russian system involved in the war must be isolated from the global system - address by the President of Ukraine 12 February 2023 - 20:46 View all videos n latest news Elements of the Russian system involved in the war must be isolated from the global system - address by the President of Ukraine 12 February 2023 - 20:44 State to continue modernization of institutions, procedures – address of Ukraine's President 11 February 2023 - 17:50 President visits Türkiye's Embassy in Ukraine, honors memory of victims of devastating earthquake 11 February 2023 - 15:43 Olena Zelenska: We want Ukrainian children to become a generation of victory, not a generation of war 11 February 2023 - 14:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 9 February 2023 - 12:04 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Elements of the Russian system involved in the war must be isolated from the global system - address by the President of Ukraine 12 February 2023 - 20:44 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! This is another sanctions step by our state against the nuclear industry of the terrorist state. By my decree, I put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council to impose sanctions on 200 people working for the Russian nuclear industry. We are doing everything to make sanctions against the Russian nuclear industry part of global sanctions against Russia for the war. It is not easy. There is some resistance. But there was a time when other restrictions against Russia seemed difficult to implement as well. They did. Now they are already in place. For example, on oil and oil products from Russia. All elements of the Russian system that are involved in the war, in providing terror and financing aggression must be isolated from the global system. This will be done! This is all the more true for those who participated in the seizure and illegal actions at our Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. Russia's radiation blackmail of the world must be punished. This is also something we will be discussing at various diplomatic levels next week. This will be an equally important week for our international positions. We are already preparing for the planned communications and negotiations. We will not interrupt the diplomatic marathon we have launched to strengthen armed and other support for Ukraine for a single week. Today I would like to personally praise everyone who is restoring the energy capabilities of our country. Today and yesterday, the majority of Ukrainians spent without many shutdowns. Of course, unfortunately, there were still restrictions in some districts and cities. Where the degree of destruction is too significant. Of course, with the start of the new week, consumption will increase, and therefore there will be outage schedules. But the very fact that we can have such calm days in terms of energy after the constant terrorist attacks with missiles and Shaheds, after the massive missile attack this week proves the professionalism of our power engineers and the extraordinary dedication of everyone who works on the provision of our energy system. I am grateful to all Ukrainian power engineers, all repair crews, employees of the State Emergency Service, utility workers, regional and local authorities who helped. And to the businesses that have been involved in the relevant work. We must realize that this is not yet a decisive victory on the energy front. Unfortunately, there may be new terrorist attacks from Russia. There may be new restrictions if there is new destruction and consumption growth. But today and yesterday are yet another proof that by working together and helping each other, Ukrainians are doing great things. So let's stay united! Do not waste a single day or a single week! All for the sake of Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who works for our country! Glory to each and every one who is in combat! Glory to all those who are defending Bakhmut, Vuhledar, Chasiv Yar, Maryinka, Avdiivka and all other directions in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, as well as along the entire frontline! Resilience, unity and mutual support are our strength! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine