16 captures 14 Jul 2024 - 05 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240714090425/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-pracyuyemo-shob-sila-j-kilkist-ukrayinskih-petriotiv-stal-92185 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:46 View all videos n latest news We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:40 Preparation of the Security Agreement and Return of Ukrainian Children: President of Ukraine Met with the Taoiseach of Ireland 13 July 2024 - 16:29 We Need Your Help to Save Lives and Rebuild – Olena Zelenska at the Meeting with American Businessmen and Philanthropists 13 July 2024 - 15:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Hollywood Actor Matthew McConaughey and Invited Him to Support the UNITED24 Platform 13 July 2024 - 10:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Are Working to Increase the Strength and Number of Ukrainian “Patriots” – Address by the President 14 July 2024 - 09:40 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Sunday. Morning. The whole week was full of events and negotiations. Now, after the visit to the United States, there are decisions regarding new Patriot systems and dozens of other air defense systems. We are working to increase the strength and number of Ukrainian “Patriots.” I am grateful to all our partners who are helping us. There are three new security agreements for Ukraine: Poland, Luxembourg, Romania. And now the team is working on new documents – there will be agreements with the Czech Republic, Slovenia, and after the meeting with the Prime Minister of Ireland, we also decided to prepare an agreement. There is the Ukrainian Compact, which was endorsed at the NATO Summit in Washington. This is all about weapons for our soldiers, about the work of defense companies in Ukraine and with Ukraine, about support for our recovery – everything is as concrete as possible and truly supports our defense of life. There are new defense packages. Dozens of meetings in a week – with country leaders, heads of government, with congressmen and American public leaders, with President Biden and Speaker Johnson. After meetings with US governors, I will meet with our regional leaders, as we need cooperation between regions as well, between communities and community leaders directly. Healthcare, shelters, defense industries, etc. The United States is ready to help at all these levels. And today's incident in America. A few more words about what happened when it was already night here in Ukraine. An attempt on the life of Donald Trump. A heinous crime. One that can only be condemned. And which shows how serious the global challenges to democracy are right now. Violence in any form and anywhere must never prevail. I am confident that America will rise to the challenge. I wish Mr. Trump a speedy recovery. Strength and support to all who have been affected. May every evil intention fail. And may all who can restore security truly do so. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine