9 captures 10 Jun 2022 - 12 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220610193601/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-organizaciyi-yahad-un-75717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracy can lose on the European continent if words are not backed up by action - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Copenhagen Democracy Summit 10 June 2022 - 13:07 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom 10 June 2022 - 19:21 Olena Zelenska delivered a speech at the international conference "Women in Conflicts" 10 June 2022 - 15:56 Democracy can lose on the European continent if words are not backed up by action - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Copenhagen Democracy Summit 10 June 2022 - 13:03 Andriy Yermak met with the President of Yahad-In Unum organization, which collects evidence of Russia's war crimes in Ukraine 10 June 2022 - 09:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the President of Yahad-In Unum organization, which collects evidence of Russia's war crimes in Ukraine 10 June 2022 - 09:15 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with President of Yahad-In Unum Father Patrick Desbois. The meeting included an online conference with Andriy Yermak, Patrick Desbois and representatives of the Simon Wiesenthal Center on the investigation of Russia's war crimes during the invasion of Ukraine. On behalf of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Head of the Office of the President thanked the representatives of Yahad-In Unum for their efforts to record the crimes of the Russian occupiers in Ukraine. Andriy Yermak stressed that criminals who invaded our country must be punished, and this is fundamentally important not only for Ukraine, but also for the whole world. After all, other potential aggressors must realize that evil always loses, and criminals are punished. "In the process of this work, your experience and your efforts to gather evidence and testimony are very useful for Ukraine. We will also find the experience of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, which hunted Nazis around the world, very useful. And it is extremely important for Ukraine to involve this organization in the work to bring to justice Russian war criminals," said the Head of the President's Office. Andriy Yermak noted that today it is necessary to document every crime committed by the Russian occupiers in Ukraine and to draw the attention of as many representatives of the international community as possible to this. The participants of the meeting stressed that humanity should have forever remembered the terrible pages of the tragedy of Babyn Yar, which took thousands of lives. However, today the Russian aggressor, who neglects not only the norms of international law, but also the basics of morality, continues to exterminate Ukrainians. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine