1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022921/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=17 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Security briefing for the Brazilian delegation headed by the Chief Advisor to the President of Brazil was held at the Presidential Office 11 May 2023 - 16:04 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a security briefing for a delegation from Brazil headed by Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil Celso Amorim. Andriy Yermak discusses help in returning Ukrainian children deported by Russia with United24 ambassadors, famous actors, film directors 7 May 2023 - 12:29 In particular, meetings with the French film director, Michel Hazanavicius, the American actress from Ukraine, Ivanna Sakhno, the Canadian actress, Katheryn Winnick, the American actor, director and producer, Liev Schreiber, and the British documentary film-maker, André Singer, were held. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 7 May 2023 - 09:31 The parties also discussed the Peace Formula initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the new Head of the ICRC delegation to Ukraine Jürg Eglin 6 May 2023 - 09:48 The parties discussed the issue of further cooperation, as well as compliance with the fundamental norms of international humanitarian law amid violation by the aggressor state of all the principles of waging war. OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights published a report on Russia's violation of the rights of Ukrainian children and their forced deportation 5 May 2023 - 17:44 The report was prepared by an independent mission of experts from the OSCE Human Dimension Mechanism, which was used for the third time at the initiative of Ukraine and 45 other OSCE member states. Strong communities are an important factor in Ukraine's resilience - Oleksiy Kuleba during a meeting with Georg Milbradt 4 May 2023 - 16:32 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba met with Georg Milbradt, Special Envoy of the German Government to Ukraine for Decentralization, Good Governance and Public Service. We want to receive a political signal that will clearly establish Ukraine's future in NATO today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with media representatives 2 May 2023 - 23:15 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Ukrainian and foreign journalists. The event was also attended by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva. The decision on Ukraine’s accession to NATO is the best way to speed up the end of the war and guarantee peace in Europe - Andriy Yermak in an interview for the Dutch media 2 May 2023 - 13:47 According to Andriy Yermak, the decision on Ukraine's accession to NATO is the best way to speed up the end of the war and guarantee peace in Europe. Daria Herasymchuk speaks about abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia at UN Security Council's special meeting 28 April 2023 - 20:40 Daria Herasymchuk, an advisor to the President of Ukraine for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation, informed about the deportation and forced relocation of Ukrainian children by Russia since the beginning of the full-scale invasion at an Arria-formula meeting of the UN Security Council via video link. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office informed G7 ambassadors of the draft tax reform 28 April 2023 - 12:46 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Rostyslav Shurma started a series of meetings with ambassadors of the G7 countries to inform them of our country's plans to improve the business environment for investors and increase the level of investment attractiveness of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine