5 captures 22 Sep 2020 - 24 Jul 2024 Feb MAR Apr 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220329130045/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-mi-perebuvayemo-u-vazhkih-peregovorah-ale-maye-63817 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We have to fight, we can't burn emotions so as not to burn out - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Folketing 29 March 2022 - 15:45 We have to fight, we can't burn emotions so as not to burn out - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 23:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with Ukrainian journalists creating the United News TV marathon 28 March 2022 - 01:03 The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: We are in difficult negotiations, but we have a serious victory - the seventh week of the regime of silence in Donbas 19 September 2020 - 09:12 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that holding local elections in the territory of Donbas not controlled by Ukraine is possible only after full deoccupation, settlement of all security issues and under observance of OSCE standards. Speaking on Savik Shuster's Freedom of Speech program on Friday, theHead of the President's Office reminded that Ukraine is negotiating with Russia in two formats: Minsk and Normandy. And recently there was a meeting of political advisors to the leaders of the "Normandy Four" in Berlin. "We are in difficult negotiations - I will not conceal that, but there is a substantial Ukrainian victory - we have the seventh week of the regime of silence," Andriy Yermak said. He agreed that the ceasefire is not ideal, there are numerous provocations from the other side, which resulted in the death of the Ukrainian military. But the regime of silence allows negotiations to continue. "Negotiations are underway, we are working 24/7, and I believe that we, the Ukrainian government - the President and the whole team - are doing everything to make the dream of all Ukrainians that peace come to our land come true," he said. The Head of the President's Office noted that he always clearly understands Ukrainian national interests in negotiations, despite the statements made, in particular, by Deputy Head of the Administration of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Kozak. "We have a clear position, we have a clear goal. It is difficult to say what is in the head of another person - we pursue our interests. We work for Ukraine," Andriy Yermak stressed. He also denied the information of his predecessor as Head of the Office of the Head of State Andriy Bohdan about the alleged existence of a secret list of agreements with Russia. "It simply cannot exist theoretically," Andriy Yermak noted. Asked by the host whether the Verkhovna Rada intends to amend the resolution on the appointment of local elections in Ukraine, which allegedly hinders further progress in the negotiations, as Dmytro Kozak said, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine noted that only the Ukrainian parliament has the authority to adopt laws and regulations. "Neither politicians in Ukraine, nor politicians from outside especially, can promise anything or say that something will be adopted," he said. Andriy Yermak confirmed that the resolution on local elections adopted by the Verkhovna Rada does cause difficulties in the negotiation process. "But when we met in Berlin, I informed the representatives of the “Normandy Four" that indeed today the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine registered a resolution on amendments to the resolution on local elections. It was introduced by MP Kachura, and when it is determined by the Verkhovna Rada, it will enter the hall, and its fate will be decided there," the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine said. "If you ask my personal position, I believe that the decision should be made in accordance with the interests of our state, the existing obligations, the rules of international law. However, it will be decided by the Verkhovna Rada," he added. Andriy Yermak stressed that holding elections in the territory of Donbas not controlled by Ukraine is possible only after full deoccupation and settlement of all security issues. In addition, the elections must be held in accordance with the standards of the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights. "I think all Ukrainians are used to it: President Zelenskyy fulfills everything he promises. Therefore, I have no doubt that President Zelenskyy will end this war during his term," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine