14 captures 04 Oct 2021 - 07 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071834/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kompleksnij-plan-transformaciyi-ukrayini-maye-spriyati-zrost-70909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Comprehensive plan for Ukraine's transformation should contribute to economic growth and, in particular, reintegration of Donbas 3 October 2021 - 13:47 Ukraine's transformation plan, which was recently discussed by deputies at a meeting in Truskavets, should systematically contribute to GDP growth and investment, as well as infrastructure development in the east of the country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference in the Lviv region. "The plan for the transformation of institutions and the economy of Ukraine is a fundamental project. It will still need to be worked on. It's about how to attract a lot of money to the most important industries of our country to grow GDP and investment," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that security issues are also important for economic growth, and added that a separate important component of Ukraine's transformation is the issue of Donbas. "In fact, many investors are worried that we have a war in the east of the country. And they need to see that the state is developing. That is why the infrastructure is being built in Donbas. This is also done for people in the temporarily occupied territories to see the difference," the President said. In particular, the Head of State said that two more airports are planned to be built in Donbas, which will be a temporary alternative to the airports in occupied Donetsk and Luhansk. He noted that a site has also been found for the airport, which will provide flights to Mariupol, because it is impossible to build an airport in the city itself due to security issues. Besides, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the situation with the mines of Donbas is difficult. "It is clear that they are unprofitable, but this is a question of people. It is necessary either to give them an alternative or to modernize these mines. There is such a problem in the Lviv region as well. We are working on it," he said. In the context of Donbas, the President also noted the importance of information security and countering the enemy’s propaganda. "We are holding discussions today with the countries of the European Union to create an international channel on the basis of the Ukrainian channel, which will tell about the real situation in Ukraine abroad. This is a fight against Russian disinformation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. ph Working trip of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Lviv region 3 October 2021 - 00:07 ph Working trip of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Lviv region 3 October 2021 - 00:07 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine