1 capture 30 Sep 2022 Aug SEP Oct 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220930181927/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-09-2021&date-to=30-09-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 30 September 2022 - 15:33 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:06 Today we managed to release six more of our citizens from Russian captivity. I am thankful to everyone who ensures this work! Today we have new results on the frontline. Today we received additional elements of aid from partners. May the Force Be With U: American Actor, Mark Hamill, Becomes the Ambassador for the UNITED24 Fundraising Platform 29 September 2022 - 21:34 Mark Hamill, known for playing the iconic hero Luke Skywalker, has become an ambassador for the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will support the Army of Drones project. Address by the President of Ukraine to the indigenous peoples of Russia: Fight to avoid death, defend your freedom in the streets and squares 29 September 2022 - 20:21 No one has to take part in a disgraceful war. Dagestanis do not have to die in Ukraine. Chechens, Ingush, Ossetians, Circassians and any other peoples who came under the Russian flag. I'm sure you want to live. I'm sure you're tired of being lied to. I’m sure you know that it is necessary to fight now! President met with the delegation of the National Assembly of France 29 September 2022 - 17:34 The President noted that the first-ever visit of the head of the lower house of the French Parliament to Ukraine, which is taking place at a crucial time for our country, is clear evidence of solidarity on the part of the French Republic, support for the independence and territorial integrity of Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Italy 29 September 2022 - 15:26 The main topic of the negotiations was the sham referenda organized by the Russian aggressor in the occupied territories. The interlocutors discussed in detail the appropriate reaction to sham referenda. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Andrzej Duda 29 September 2022 - 14:10 The key attention was paid to the international reaction to the sham "referenda" held by Russia in the temporarily occupied territories of the Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions. The liberation of the occupied territories of Ukraine depends not on what Russia thinks, but on our military potential - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Associated Press 29 September 2022 - 12:30 Ukraine is determined to return all territories temporarily occupied by Russia, despite sham referenda held there and threats by the Russian military-political leadership to use nuclear weapons. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Associated Press. President honored the memory of the victims of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2022 - 12:07 On the 81st anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of all the victims of the mass executions of civilians by the Nazis in occupied Kyiv during World War II. The President also honored the memory of the Jews shot by the Nazis in Babyn Yar by putting an icon lamp next to the Menorah memorial sign. The truth matters: the Yermak-McFaul group explains all the subtleties of designating Russia as a state sponsor of terrorism 29 September 2022 - 09:06 The International Working Group on Russian Sanctions has developed the fifth Paper of the Working Group on the topic "The Case for Designating the Russian Federation as a State Sponsor of Terrorism". The greater unity we have, the more tangible Russian defeats are - President of Ukraine at the Athens Democracy Forum 28 September 2022 - 23:10 I am sure we will be able to guarantee the future of democracy, we will be able to protect it. We will, because we know what gives democracy strength, what serves as its heart, ensuring the supply of freedom, like blood, to every part of a democratic society - to every person. This is unity. Unity is the most important thing. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine