116 captures 01 Dec 2023 - 12 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231201015404/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/obgovorili-zaluchennya-resursiv-u-fortifikacijni-roboti-prio-87385 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news In Zaporizhzhia, President held a meeting on fortifications 30 November 2023 - 21:37 We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 First Lady of Ukraine is included in the list of the 25 most influential women in the world according to the Financial Times 30 November 2023 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv and Zaporizhzhia region 30 November 2023 - 13:09 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I have just held two important meetings in Zaporizhzhia. An operational one with the military, with Generals Tarnavskyi, Moskaliov, Litvinov and all those responsible for defense here in Zaporizhzhia region. The second meeting was actually a nationwide meeting on fortifications. In all major areas where we need to boost and accelerate the construction of structures. Of course, these are primarily Avdiivka, Maryinka and other areas in Donetsk region that will receive maximum attention. Kharkiv region – the direction of Kupyansk, as well as the Kupyansk – Lyman defense line. The entire Kharkiv, Sumy, Chernihiv, Kyiv, Rivne, and Volyn regions, as well as the south – Kherson region. There were reports from regional authorities, all the relevant military commanders. Defense Minister Umerov, General Pavliuk. We discussed the mobilization of resources, the motivation of private business in this work, and financing. The priority is obvious. I am grateful to everyone working on this kind of construction, in the production of materials. We also discussed the needs that we will address with our partners to reinforce our defense lines. Special attention is paid to the construction of shelters in schools, in particular here in Zaporizhzhia and the region, so that children can study at least in a mixed format – offline as well. I was in Kharkiv today. A good, emotional meeting in a metro school – an extremely useful, appropriate project. Children study in classrooms like in a regular school, but in the subway – in the shelter that is the subway. I talked to the boys and girls – bright eyes, bright minds, and a very bright school. There is a future when there are children like this. I am sure of it. I had the honor of awarding teachers from Kharkiv and Kharkiv region, from different cities, who work in Ukraine, for the sake of Ukraine. This morning I was in Kupyansk – it is important to support our city and our defenders. I held a meeting with General Syrskyi and the commanders who are fighting in the Kupyansk sector. I awarded the five officers who were present and asked to present awards to soldiers, sergeants, and junior officers separately. Thank you, warriors, for your resilience and for your daily hard work! Today I had three phone calls. German Chancellor Scholz, British Prime Minister Sunak, and Bulgarian Prime Minister Denkov. I have a lot to thank our partners for: our agreements – Ukraine and Germany, Ukraine and the UK, Ukraine and Bulgaria – are all being implemented. We have also outlined new joint steps. Protection of our people. Protection of our Europe. Protection of the international legal order. I thank everyone in the world who helps Ukraine! Glory to all our heroes who are now in combat! Glory to the powerful Ukrainian people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine