1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043817/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets and Assistant Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada discussed the security situation in the east and near the borders of Ukraine 9 December 2021 - 21:37 Roman Mashovets informed his interlocutor about the aggravation of the situation in Donbas and the concentration by the Russian Federation of an armed group along the Ukrainian border ready to be used against our state. Roman Mashovets and the Group of Defense Reform Advisers discussed security situation in and around Ukraine 7 December 2021 - 20:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a video conference with the Defense Reform Advisory Board (DRAB), during which a number of issues related to the reform of the Ministry of Defense and improving the Armed Forces' defense capabilities were discussed. Andriy Yermak discussed with G7 and EU ambassadors the security situation near Ukraine's border, the Donbas peace process, the law on de-oligarchization and the course of reforms 4 December 2021 - 09:24 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak informed foreign diplomats about the process of peaceful settlement in Donbas and the return of the temporarily occupied territories, as well as about tensions around Ukraine's state borders. Ihor Zhovkva and Adviser to the Chancellor of Austria discussed support for Ukraine on the path to EU membership 30 November 2021 - 19:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video conference with Foreign and European Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. In Ljubljana, Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration prospects and topical issues of the Ukrainian-Slovenian dialogue 27 November 2021 - 11:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva visited Slovenia and held working consultations with State Secretary of the Office of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Slovenia for Coordination of International and EU Affairs Igor Senčar. The issue of support for Ukraine has received a prominent place in the new coalition agreement of the future German government - Ihor Zhovkva 25 November 2021 - 17:24 Significant attention was paid to the issue of support for Ukraine in the text of the coalition agreement, which was presented by the Social Democratic Party, the Green Party and the Free Democratic Party of Germany, said Deputy Head of the President's Office Ihor Zhovkva. Pursuant to the instruction by the President, the Ukrainian delegation at the Halifax Forum will inform the world community about the security situation in Ukraine and near our border 20 November 2021 - 16:08 During the visit to Canada, starting from November 19, the Ukrainian delegation is holding a series of meetings with representatives of the political and military-political leadership, political elites and business structures of the country. Representatives of our state will also discuss the security situation in Ukraine and the world with a delegation of the United States Senate and heads of state bodies of the countries participating in the forum. Andriy Sybiha discussed preparations for the Fifth International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine with Swiss representatives 19 November 2021 - 16:49 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha met with Ambassador of the Swiss Confederation to Ukraine Claude Wild and Ambassador for special assignments of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Simon Pidou, who is in charge of preparing for the 2022 International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine. At the initiative of the President of Ukraine, representatives of the Ministry of Defense and the State Special Communications Service are participating for the first time in the annual Cyber Flag 21 cyber exercises 18 November 2021 - 18:19 At the initiative and with the assistance of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the United States, representatives of the Ministry of Defense and the State Service of Special Communications and Information Protection of Ukraine are participating in the annual Cyber Flag 21 cyber exercise for the first time in history. The Office of the President, as well as representatives of the embassies of the two countries were involved in the organization and preparation of the event. Andriy Sybiha met with the PABSEC Secretary General 18 November 2021 - 16:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha met with Secretary General of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (PABSEC) Asaf Hajiyev, who is on a visit to our country. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine