5 captures 31 May 2020 - 11 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240711192818/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-rf-maye-vpliv-na-bojovikiv-na-donbasi-volodimir-zelens-61245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Continue Our Work in Washington, and There Will Be a Decision Regarding the F-16s Very Soon – Address by the President 10 July 2024 - 16:16 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine Met with Leaders of NATO’s Indo-Pacific Partner States 11 July 2024 - 19:45 Patriot System and Strengthening Security in the Black Sea Region: Ukraine and Romania Signed a Security Agreement 11 July 2024 - 17:10 Agreement on Security Cooperation Between Ukraine and Romania 11 July 2024 - 17:09 Olena Zelenska: Our society will emerge from the war stronger and more humane – we are doing everything to achieve this 11 July 2024 - 15:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Only Russia has an influence over militants in Donbas - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 May 2020 - 15:41 The Russian Federation must influence illegal armed groups in the temporarily occupied territories of Donbas in order to stop the shelling, because only Russia has an influence over them, as stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference in Kyiv. The Head of State noted that the statements of the illegal armed groups’ representatives about the shelling of civilian objects by the Armed Forces of Ukraine are not true. "For a month and a half, dozens of OSCE vehicles heading to that (occupied - ed.) territory are not allowed there. And they say that the OSCE records that we shoot at civilians. We do not shoot at Ukrainians. All we do is respond to the actions of militants," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. At the same time, the President noted that he had never called for non-response to the shelling by the illegal armed groups. "I wanted to show the whole world that we have a very strong army. But we do not provoke. We fight for our country. If we are shot at, we will respond. But we will not be the first to shoot," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed that after the statements of the militants, the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG convenes an urgent meeting in the Minsk format. "I am convinced and believe that it is only the Russian Federation that has an influence over them. And they must influence them," the President said. According to the President, in terms of information, the provocations of the militants are directed against Ukraine. "Today they are accusing us of a humanitarian crisis. We provide water there - we do not block it, despite the fact that they have not paid for this water for a long time," he said. ph Press conference of the President of Ukraine 20 May 2020 - 11:28 ph Press conference of the President of Ukraine 20 May 2020 - 11:28 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine