9 captures 30 Apr 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230430093034/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vistupila-na-debatah-parye-iz-rozglyadu-rezol-82517 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:43 View all videos n latest news Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:42 We can stop terror and save people only with a sufficient number of high-quality weapons – address of President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 21:51 Daria Herasymchuk speaks about abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia at UN Security Council's special meeting 28 April 2023 - 20:40 With President of China, implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula, return of deported children from Russia, inadmissibility of supplying weapons to Russia were discussed – President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 19:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Presidents of the Czech Republic and Slovakia in Kyiv 28 April 2023 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska spoke at the PACE debate on the resolution on Ukrainian children forcibly displaced by Russia 27 April 2023 - 19:57 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the debate held under the urgent procedure at the plenary meeting of the second part of the session of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. During the meeting, a report was heard and a draft resolution was adopted on the situation of Ukrainian civilians, including children, forcibly displaced or resettled to the Russian Federation or to the Ukrainian territories under the effective control of the Russian Federation. The draft resolution is being prepared within the PACE Committee on Migration, Refugees and Displaced Persons. The speaker is Paulo Pisco (Portugal, SOC). The President's wife thanked the participants of the PACE plenary session for their attention to the issue of forced deportation of Ukrainian children. "This topic is very painful for Ukraine. Thank you for joining the fight for our children and their childhood. We have a saying: "There are no other people's children". You prove it by being here now," the President's wife said. Olena Zelenska told the stories of children abducted by the Russian occupiers. 12-year-old Sashko was with his mother Snizhana in Mariupol when the city was surrounded by the Russian military. Together they survived terrible shelling, lack of water, heat, hunger, and Sasha's injury. Until they were separated by the Russians. They were not even allowed to say goodbye. The boy was told that his mother had abandoned him. Sashko was rescued, but his mother is still in captivity of the Russian occupiers. 12-year-old Kira was also with her father in Mariupol when the Russians began to destroy the city. Her father, the former captain of the Ukrainian water polo team, Yevhen Obedinsky, was killed in the bombing. The girl was taken by the occupiers to Donetsk. Thanks to the enormous efforts of the state, public figures, and dozens of people who cared, Kira was returned to her grandparents. Another family - father Yevhen, son Matvii, little Sviatoslav and Oleksandra - is also from Mariupol. After the destruction of the city, the occupiers began the process of so-called filtration of the surviving residents. Dad was thrown into prison, and the children were taken to an orphanage. For several months they knew nothing about each other. The children were found in a boarding house near Moscow on the eve of their adoption by Russians. "These stories show all this terrible technology, how the occupiers abduct Ukrainian children. Most often, by killing their parents or forcibly separating them from their families. They also take away entire orphanages and boarding schools," the First Lady said. She emphasized that these are stories with a good ending, when the children were returned. There are currently 361 of them. "But there is a figure that is even more appalling - 19,390. This is the number of children who are still in Russian captivity. And this is only the data that has been confirmed. But even this number is not final, because what happens to children in the occupied territories is unknown. Behind each figure is a broken life not only of a child, but also of his or her entire family, of all those who have not had peace for months," Olena Zelenska noted. "This is violence that is going on right now. Because right now, some child, like Sashko, is being lied to, that he is not needed, that he has been abandoned. Some child, like Kira, is crying for her parents who were killed in front of her eyes. Some children, like Matvii and his sisters, are being prepared for forced adoption. Right now they have no contact with their loved ones," she added. The President's wife emphasized that every day, every hour in captivity breaks the psyche of children and families, costs health and lives. Therefore, Ukraine needs not only the world's concern, but also all possible effective assistance for their liberation. "I ask you to treat this as a challenge to all our common values. Our idea of good and evil. This is the case when salvation is possible only through the efforts of the whole world. Let us become such a world for our children. Let's make them believe in the world and its people again, so that after everything they have been through, they can regain their trust," Olena Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine