1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233415/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=178 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 09:04 On October 14, we express gratitude. Gratitude to everyone who fought for Ukraine in the past. And to everyone who is fighting for it now. To all who won then. And to everyone who will definitely win now. Win in such a way that it will crown the struggle of many generations of our people with success. The people who always wanted one thing the most - freedom. Terror must be responded with force at all levels: on the battlefield, with sanctions, and legally - address by the President of Ukraine 13 October 2022 - 22:39 We also have a powerful response from PACE, which is the first international organization to designate the current regime in Russia as terrorist. This is a political signal. A signal to all states - members of the Council of Europe and all states of the world, that there is nothing to talk about with this terrorist group, which appropriated Russia and unleashed the most heinous war in Europe in 80 years. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine gives the ICRC three days to send a mission to the colony in Olenivka, where Ukrainian prisoners of war are held 13 October 2022 - 19:45 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak made a demand without alternatives to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC): in the coming days, send a mission to the colony in Olenivka in the temporarily occupied territory of the Donetsk region, where Ukrainian prisoners of war are held and where at the end of July, as a result of terrorist shelling by the Russian occupiers, more than 50 defenders of Ukraine were killed. If Europe wants to get rid of pressure from Russia, it is necessary to end the war in Ukraine in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with elDiario 13 October 2022 - 18:46 If Europe, together with Ukraine, does not end the war properly, the problems and crises provoked by Russia will become even larger. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Spanish online newspaper elDiario. The first important steps have been taken to protect the Ukrainian sky, and Ukraine expects the intensification of this process from its partners - President at the PACE session 13 October 2022 - 16:48 In order to protect citizens from Russian attacks from the air, Ukraine needs modern air defense systems, because the currently available means are not enough, as we could see a few days ago. The Head of State noted this while answering questions at the plenary autumn session of the PACE. To return to the system of international justice, it is necessary to bring the Russian aggressor to justice - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:32 In order to ensure a return to the system of international justice, it is necessary to isolate Russia diplomatically and economically, to designate it as a state sponsor of terrorism, and to bring to justice all those guilty of aggression against Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, answering questions at the autumn plenary session of the PACE. The Red Cross should act more powerfully in the issue of access to prisoners in Russia and in the occupied territories - President of Ukraine at the PACE autumn session 13 October 2022 - 16:23 The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) must show more persistence and act more powerfully in the issue of gaining access to prisoners in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and in the Russian Federation. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the PACE plenary autumn session. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the autumn plenary session of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe 13 October 2022 - 16:15 I am grateful for the fact that the PACE can become the first international organization that designates Russia exactly this way - as a terrorist state. Andriy Yermak and the Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission discussed support for the recovery and financial stability of Ukraine 12 October 2022 - 23:50 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission Bjoern Seibert. Our cooperation brings the victory of Ukraine closer - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Second Ministerial Roundtable Discussion for Support to Ukraine under the leadership of the Ukrainian Government, the World Bank Group and the IMF 12 October 2022 - 22:49 It would be useful to create a coordination format for financial support of Ukraine similar to the one created in Ramstein for defense support. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine