7 captures 02 Feb 2023 - 17 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230202205502/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-zrobiti-vse-shob-nastupnogo-roku-mi-zmogli-pomolitisy-80741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Every Ukrainian child should be brought up in a family 2 February 2023 - 22:18 We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 Tax reform will eliminate corruption in this area and improve business conditions - Rostyslav Shurma 2 February 2023 - 20:24 We must do everything we can so that next year we will be able to pray with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the National Prayer Breakfast in the United States 2 February 2023 - 18:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 2 February 2023 - 13:55 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must do everything we can so that next year we will be able to pray with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the National Prayer Breakfast in the United States 2 February 2023 - 18:33 Dear President Biden! Vice President Harris! Dear members of Congress! Your Majesty King Abdullah! Each and everyone who has faith! I am glad that for 70 years this tradition of prayer breakfasts, which was started during the time of President Eisenhower, has been preserved to this time. This is a symbol that despite any, even the worst, circumstances, the best in people still prevails, and prayer continues. If you recall the Psalms of David, you will pay attention to how often they ask the Lord to hear the prayer. We never know whether our prayer has come close to perfection, and whether the Lord heard it. And that's why in harsh times – when we lose loved-ones; when people lose their children, which is the worst thing; when life is at risk; when a criminal war is conducted against your people; – faith may stagger. It happens that people think that God doesn't hear and will not hear prayer. And it is important for us, as leaders of nations, to resist despair. "But you, Lord, are a shield around me, my glory, the One who lifts my head high!.. I lie down and sleep; I wake again, because the Lord sustains me; Though an army encamp against me, my heart shall not fear!". These words – at the beginning of the Book of Psalms, and their determination balances the doubts, that are found later in the Book. Because this is confidence in the Lord, who hears and who sees what is in a person's heart. Millions of Ukrainians are asking for the expulsion of the invaders from our homeland, and so – for the restoration of peace. We believe in God. We do not allow despair. Thanks to the bravery of our soldiers. Thanks to the help of friends of freedom in the world – thanks to President Biden and all of you – the leaders and people who help. And we have that chance! A chance to drive-out the evil that came to our land under the Russian flag. "We ​​have a chance – a chance to make hope and history rhyme". These words were said at the prayer breakfast last year. This year, we see in concrete actions – in our joint actions with you – how this chance is realized. We have been standing against evil for almost a year. We are united, as we have not been for a long time. And we are brave – our heroic soldiers have already hit evil on the battlefield. Did it happen only due to the efforts of just people? Or were our prayers heard by God? None of us is allowed to know. And this is one of God's best incentives for people. One of the best stimuli is that majestic silence, in which the human heart turns to God in prayer. When He gives a person the opportunity to become better. When He enables the actions of people to rhyme their own hopes with their own history. Does He help us with this? I'm sure He does. But people's actions are needed – you have to wake up to say that the Lord is sustaining you. And I thank you all, America, thank you all, our friends in the world, for waking up together last year! We stand together. And we must do everything we can together so that next year – on the first Thursday of February – we will be able to pray simply with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil. May the Lord protect you all! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine