7 captures 25 Jul 2020 - 22 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220911043752/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-zustrivsya-z-kerivnictvom-shvejcarskoyi-kompani-62381 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:35 View all videos n latest news Heroism of Ukrainians should change NATO's attitude towards prospect of Ukraine's membership, which will only strengthen the Alliance – Andriy Yermak at YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 23:30 Negotiations with the Russian Federation are still impossible because it cannot formulate adequate positions – Zelenskyy at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:15 Winter can become turning point and lead to rapid de-occupation of Ukrainian territories, but we need more powerful weapons – President at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:02 Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of state awards to media representatives by the President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 14:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with the leadership of the Swiss company Stadler Rail AG 22 July 2020 - 20:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Ansgar Brockmeyer, Executive Vice President of the Swiss company Stadler Rail AG. Ansgar Brockmeyer arrived in Ukraine as a member of the business delegation that accompanied President of the Swiss Confederation Simonetta Sommaruga during her state visit of July 20-23, 2020. In pursuance of the agreements between the Presidents of Ukraine and Switzerland, the modalities of cooperation in the modernization of Ukrainian railway trains, suburban and urban rail transport were discussed during the meeting. Ihor Zhovkva informed his interlocutor about the state of implementation of reforms in Ukraine, in particular in the field of transport infrastructure development. A number of promising projects that could be implemented in Ukraine with the involvement of both Ukrainian and Swiss manufacturers were discussed. The representative of Stadler Rail AG expressed interest in working in the Ukrainian market and creating joint ventures with Ukrainian partners.a Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine