1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033154/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=90 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 Today, we celebrate the holiday of the Resurrection of the Lord. Its main symbol is victory: the victory of good, victory of truth, victory of life. We celebrate Easter with unshakable faith in the irreversibility of these victories. On this day a year ago, we all prayed that Ukraine would endure. Today – for Ukraine to win. We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:08 We will ensure Russia's full accountability for what it has committed against Ukraine and Ukrainians at all levels, including at the legal level. And I thank all the partners who help bring the verdicts closer to the occupiers – Russian murderers and terrorists. Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. The meeting participants discussed the course of preparation for hosting the international summit of communities and regions. Olena Zelenska attends opening of new Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center in Lviv 14 April 2023 - 21:55 During a working trip to Lviv region, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited a number of medical institutions and attended the opening of the Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center. Head of President's Office meets with UK Ambassador to Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 20:12 Yermak expressed his gratitude to the United Kingdom for its unwavering strong support for Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion. Every meter of Ukrainian land must mean the inevitability of Russia's defeat in this war for the occupier – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 April 2023 - 19:34 I thank all our soldiers who ensure this, who remember that for every Russian attack on our cities and villages, on our positions, for every killing of Ukrainians, the occupier must suffer the most tangible losses. Ihor Zhovkva discusses possibilities of further support for Ukraine with diplomatic advisors of heads of governments of Northern Europe 14 April 2023 - 18:21 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the head of the Office of the President, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held talks with the foreign policy advisors of the prime ministers of Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Iceland. We must focus as much as possible on strengthening our defense capability – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with representatives of authorities, Ukrainian diplomats initiated by President of Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 08:28 Pursuant to instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting aimed at coordinating international support to ensure the urgent needs of the Ukrainian defense forces and accelerated strengthening of the state's defense capabilities. We are preparing the guys and we are looking forward to the supply of weapons promised by our partners - address by the President of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 18:59 The enemy will certainly suffer losses in response to every strike against the Ukrainians. We must be aware of our strength, respect our potential and all those who provide it - President at the first celebration of the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:04 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiated the Day of the Defense and Industrial Complex Employee in Ukraine, which will be celebrated every year on April 13, and presented state awards to representatives of the domestic defense industry. 1 2 ... 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine