1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033156/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=92 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We are now at such a stage of the war, when it is important not to lose a sense of the path we have to overcome - address by the President of Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 22:28 Compared to last year, it’s quieter in many places now. But this does not mean that somewhere you can ignore the war or be less focused on helping the state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Howard Buffett discussed aid to Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 21:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Howard Buffett for the support of the Ukrainian people and the projects that the philanthropist implements in our country. In particular, the Head of State noted the implementation of the kitchen factory project, which is part of the school meals reform initiated by First Lady Olena Zelenska, as well as assistance in the implementation of the grain initiative, support for demining, purchase of generators, and elimination of the consequences of the enemy’s shelling of the civilian infrastructure of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 11 April 2023 - 16:10 The participants listened to the reports on the overall operational situation on the frontline and the situation in the sectors of the front within the areas of responsibility of the operational and strategic groups of troops. The participants of the meeting also analyzed the state of providing the units with ammunition. President of Ukraine honored memory of the victims of the Nazi concentration camps 11 April 2023 - 11:59 On the International Day of the liberation of Nazi concentration camps, a basket of flowers from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy was placed at the Babyn Yar Memorial Complex in the city of Kyiv. The term "defeat" should become a companion to the term "aggressor", and it is only the Ukrainian victory that will ensure this - address by the President of Ukraine 10 April 2023 - 22:39 Everything that strengthens Ukraine's defense against Russian terror, everything that gives our soldiers more opportunities for active movement - all this protects everyone in the partner countries, everyone in Europe, everyone in the world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Richard Branson, who became the new ambassador of United24 10 April 2023 - 20:55 "I am glad that you have decided to become a United24 ambassador. It is very important that new famous and influential personalities join this platform. One of the main tasks is to keep the world's attention on Russia's war against Ukraine, which has been ongoing for over a year. In addition, there are very specific issues on which we can work together," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Olena Zelenska and philanthropist Howard Buffett opened the construction of Ukraine's first kitchen factory in Bucha 10 April 2023 - 20:37 Wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and philanthropist Howard Buffet opened the construction of Ukraine's first kitchen factory in Bucha. The project of the second such enterprise was approved for the city of Lozova, Kharkiv region. We must be sure that evil will lose, we must bring the defeat of evil closer, and we are bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 9 April 2023 - 21:30 Every month, every week, support is increased, the circle of those who support us, who support our grit and our faith in life, increases. Nice to end this week with good results for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 April 2023 - 21:09 In fact, the values we are all fighting for here in Ukraine are relevant for every nation, regardless of whether they are geographically far from us, from our people. Russia must be brought to account for crimes against Ukrainian children - Andriy Yermak in a conversation with human rights lawyer Amal Clooney 8 April 2023 - 12:14 Head of Presidential Office of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had an online call with the prominent human rights lawyer and Co-Founder of the Clooney Foundation for Justice Amal Clooney. The interlocutors discussed the issue of protecting the rights of Ukrainian children and holding Russia accountable for crimes committed against them. 1 2 ... 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine