5 captures 14 Oct 2022 - 19 Nov 2024 Sep OCT Nov 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221014225452/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/neobhidno-zupiniti-teroristichnij-tisk-yakij-rosiya-chinit-n-78497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:16 View all videos n latest news We must restore peace, secure historic victory for our state, and we will do it – address of President of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 23:12 On Day of Defenders of Ukraine President presents orders of Gold Star, Cross of Combat Merit awards, awards military units with honorary titles 14 October 2022 - 20:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a military hospital and presented state awards to the wounded defenders of Ukraine and military medics 14 October 2022 - 16:45 It is necessary to stop the terrorist pressure that Russia exerts on European countries - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Bild 14 October 2022 - 15:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office It is necessary to stop the terrorist pressure that Russia exerts on European countries - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Bild 14 October 2022 - 15:53 In the event of a real nuclear threat from Russia, the aggressor country will receive an appropriate response from the world, and the Russian authorities understand this. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the German newspaper Bild. "NATO monitors everything that happens in Russia with nuclear weapons. And NATO categorically warns Russia that if there is even an attempt to use nuclear weapons, there will be a response. Today, Russia is gradually reducing its rhetorical threats with nuclear weapons. There is a protocol according to which the nuclear powers act," he said Mykhailo Podolyak noted that the world is already doing a lot to prevent Russia from using nuclear weapons, in particular, relevant warning statements were made by U.S. President Joseph Biden and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. UN Secretary-General António Guterres also called on Russia to immediately stop the rhetoric about nuclear threats. The Advisor to the Head of the President's Office noted that Russia invaded the territory of Ukraine with conventional weapons, and our troops counterattacked and pushed back the Russian army also with conventional weapons. "Russia says: “If Ukraine does not allow us to keep the territories we invaded and cannot keep with conventional weapons, we will use nuclear weapons.” This is how a nuclear state threatens a non-nuclear state. If Russia is not stopped now, other countries will withdraw from the NPT (Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons - ed.), because any war against a nuclear state will lead to losses. These countries will try to find components for nuclear weapons on the black market or elsewhere. Russia not only threatens Ukraine, it breaks a key element of global security," the Advisor to the Head of the President's Office said. That is why, according to him, other countries react harshly to blackmail by a state possessing nuclear weapons. "Everyone understands that they must give Russia a symmetrical response. Those who want to use nuclear weapons will get a response, and Russia seems to understand that," Mykhailo Podolyak said. The Advisor to the Head of the President’s Office expressed his belief that, despite the statements, the Russian Federation will still not use nuclear weapons, including tactical ones. "Today we see a drastic decline in the nuclear threat in Russian rhetoric - if we ignore propagandists and talk about officials. We're seeing a dramatic decline in the nuclear threat, and that's a pretty good sign. Russia has admitted that it can wage war with conventional weapons, but any attempt to use nuclear weapons will lead to an immediate response," he stated. In addition to nuclear blackmail, Mykhailo Podolyak also mentioned the terrorist pressure that Russia exerts on European countries, particularly in the energy sector. The Russian Federation not only blows up its own gas pipelines, but also tries to damage the Ukrainian gas transmission system and delay the supply of gas volumes ordered by European countries. As the Advisor to the Head of the President's Office noted, the Russians believe that this will force Germany to receive gas through the Nord Stream 2 branch and endorse its operation. To prevent the realization of this scenario, it is necessary to protect Ukrainian critical infrastructure from damage by Russian missiles. Therefore, there is a need to strengthen Ukrainian air defense and close the sky from Russian cruise missiles, Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized. "Yes, we expect attacks, and Russia has publicly stated this. Their goal is to destroy civilian infrastructure, since they can't do anything on the battlefield. We are aware of this and, together with our partners, develop programs for the protection of critical objects. Second, we developed a rapid system to repair damage and replenish energy in the event of leakage from one region to another. We will also advance our counteroffensive at the front. So Russia will have to focus its attention and efforts on the battlefield. We believe that the sooner we end this war, the less pressure and damage there will be to our infrastructure," the Advisor to the Head of the President's Office summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine