7 captures 11 Jan 2024 - 09 Oct 2025 Dec JAN Feb 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240111185953/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/estoniya-pidtrimuye-ukrayinu-v-usih-elementah-zahistu-usih-e-88233 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must win this battle, as it determines the global attitude toward freedom – speech by the President of Ukraine at a special plenary session of the Riigikogu 11 January 2024 - 15:44 View all videos n latest news Memorandum of Cooperation in the Defense Industry was signed in the presence of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Kaja Kallas 11 January 2024 - 17:02 We must win this battle, as it determines the global attitude toward freedom – speech by the President of Ukraine at a special plenary session of the Riigikogu 11 January 2024 - 15:43 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Estonia in Tallinn 11 January 2024 - 14:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with President Alar Karis: Estonia supports Ukraine in all elements of defense, all elements of resilience 11 January 2024 - 13:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Estonia 11 January 2024 - 11:52 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with President Alar Karis: Estonia supports Ukraine in all elements of defense, all elements of resilience 11 January 2024 - 13:46 During his official visit to Estonia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis. The Head of State thanked the Estonian society for its unwavering attention to Ukraine, support for the Ukrainian people and the Defense Forces. "Estonia has already provided our country and our warriors with 17 defense support packages. You have shown leadership by offering the whole of Europe cooperation in supplying our artillery – a coalition of shells. We also appreciate the fact that you have chosen a very thorough, long-term approach to financial support for Ukraine and set a four-year volume of assistance for our country," the President of Ukraine said during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Alar Karis in Tallinn. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Estonia's position on Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration is absolutely principled. "I am grateful for Estonia's strong and tangible support for our country in opening negotiations on joining the European Union, as well as for our further cooperation with NATO and the obvious prospect of Ukraine becoming a full member of the Alliance," he emphasized. During the negotiations in both narrow and extended formats, the leaders of Ukraine and Estonia discussed cooperation at the level of European institutions and the potential of the two countries in Europe. They also talked about holding Russia accountable for the war and all manifestations of terror. "This also means full accountability of the aggressor state. Russia must pay the full price for this aggression. Its assets and the assets of all persons associated with the aggressor state must be found, frozen and, ultimately, confiscated in favor of protection against Russian aggression and assistance to all those in Ukraine affected by the war," the Head of State said. According to him, when Russia is held accountable for its war politically, legally, and financially, it will be an important contribution to the global defense of peace and a cautionary tale for other potential aggressors. "I would like to note your personal efforts in this case, Mr. President – in protecting justice and the idea of full accountability of the Russian Federation. I know that Estonia is currently preparing a law on Russian assets, and Ukraine will be grateful for the effectiveness of this law," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Presidents of Ukraine and Estonia also discussed in detail the situation on the battlefield and the war prospects of the Ukrainian state. "All of you are well aware of the complexity and cruelty of this war. And it is really very important that Estonia supports us in all elements of defense, in all elements of our Ukrainian resilience, in everything we can and will do to defeat the enemy," the Head of State said. The President also noted Estonian assistance in the treatment and medical rehabilitation of Ukrainian soldiers. For his part, Alar Karis said that he awards all Ukrainian warriors with the Order of the Eagle Cross, I class, and handed the award to Supreme Commander-in-Chief of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President of Estonia emphasized that the outcome of the war unleashed by Russia depends on the ability of partners to stand in solidarity and guarantee long-term support for Ukraine. "Estonia's long-term contribution from the beginning of this full-scale war until 2027 will amount to €1.2 billion. Ukraine needs more and better weapons. We must ramp up military production within the EU to ensure that Ukraine gets everything it needs. In the period 2024-2027, we will allocate 0.25% of our GDP annually to Ukraine's defense, and we encourage everyone else to also provide as much assistance to Ukraine as they can," said Alar Karis. He emphasized that Estonia will support Ukraine for as long as it takes. The President of the Republic of Estonia added that his country acceded to the Joint Declaration of the Group of Seven adopted in Vilnius. Alar Karis expressed his belief that there should be no restrictions on the supply of weapons to Ukraine to defend against the aggressor. According to him, Russia must feel the effects of sanctions, be politically isolated, and pay for the reconstruction of Ukraine. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Estonia 11 January 2024 - 11:52 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Estonia 11 January 2024 - 11:52 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine