1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033010/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=54 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukrainian Peace Formula is a guarantee of sustainable and just peace in Ukraine and the world - Ihor Zhovkva in a conversation with the Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain 27 June 2023 - 10:34 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor of the results of consultations held in Copenhagen between national security advisors and political advisors to the leaders of the Group of Seven, the EU, the Global South and Ukraine. Today, our warriors have advanced in all directions, and this is a happy day - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 00:30 Today - the front. Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhia. Our warriors, our frontline positions, areas of active operations at the front. President visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in Zaporizhzhia region 27 June 2023 - 00:10 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Melitopol sector. President visited frontline positions in the Berdyansk direction and awarded Ukrainian warriors 26 June 2023 - 21:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke with the military who took part in the liberation of settlements in the Berdyansk direction. He thanked the soldiers for their heroic service and presented them with state awards. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Romania 26 June 2023 - 19:47 Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude for the strong political support and important practical assistance Romania provides to our country in the fight against Russian aggression, as well as in the implementation of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration course. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the Armed Forces units that distinguished themselves in the Bakhmut sector and presented state awards 26 June 2023 - 17:26 During a working trip to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine of the Khortytsia operational and strategic group of troops that distinguished themselves in fierce battles in the Bakhmut direction. We have a lot of work to do, but I believe in post-traumatic growth - Olena Zelenska in an interview with El Mundo 26 June 2023 - 15:56 In an interview with the Spanish-language newspaper El Mundo, the wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, spoke about her diplomatic work to support our country in the world. Andriy Yermak at a briefing for the German media: Ukraine expects to receive a clear invitation for simplified accession to the Alliance at the Vilnius Summit 26 June 2023 - 12:28 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, who are co-chairs of the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine, held a briefing for representatives of leading German media on preparations for the Vilnius NATO Summit and provision of security guarantees for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak met with the head of the Danish government and thanked for the efforts of the Danish government to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula 26 June 2023 - 09:38 While in Copenhagen, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen. The longer the Russian aggression lasts, the more degradation it causes in Russia itself – address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2023 - 23:12 In our conversations with the leaders, we have exchanged our assessments of what is happening in Russia. We see the situation in the same way and know how to respond. 1 2 ... 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine