31 captures 28 Jun 2022 - 13 Aug 2025 Jun JUL Aug 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: International Internet Preservation Consortium Archive-It Partner 769: International Internet Preservation Consortium Collection: War in Ukraine On 23 February 2022, the armed forces of the Russian Federation invaded the territory of Ukraine, annexing certain regions and cities and carrying out a series of military strikes throughout the country, thus triggering a war in Ukraine. Since then, the clashes between the Russian military and the Ukrainian army and population have had an unprecedented impact on the situation in the region and on international relations. This collection aims to collect web content related to this event in order to map the impact of this conflict on digital history and culture. Identification of seed websites and initial web crawling began in July 2022, and the collection will continue to add new content as the conflict evolves. High priority subtopics include: general information on military confrontations; consequences of the war on the civilian population; refugee crisis and international relief efforts; political consequences; international relations; diaspora communities--Ukrainians around the world; human rights organisations; foreign embassies and diplomatic relations; sanctions imposed on Russia by foreign powers; consequences on energy and agri-food trade; and public opinion (blogs/protest sites/activists). Websites from all over the world and in all languages are in scope. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220726232804/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pravoohoronci-ta-rozvidka-ukrayini-roblyat-use-shob-vstanovi-76113/ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:41 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:38 In an interview with Vogue magazine, the First Lady talked about Ukraine's resistance to the Russian invasion 26 July 2022 - 21:57 Ukraine's accession to the OECD Working Group on Bribery will contribute to the introduction of additional safeguards against corruption - Andriy Yermak 26 July 2022 - 21:53 The democracies of the world are capable of stopping any tyranny - speech by the President of Ukraine during the awarding of the Winston Churchill Leadership Award 26 July 2022 - 20:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Law enforcers and intelligence of Ukraine are doing everything to identify all Russian servicemen who are responsible for terror against our cities - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 29 June 2022 - 00:19 Ukrainians! All our defenders! I have just taken part in a special meeting of the UN Security Council convened at the request of Ukraine. Convened by Albania - this state presides in the Security Council. We have taken advantage of all international levers to bring Russia to justice for state terrorism. For everything done by the Russian army against Ukrainians in Kremenchuk, in Ochakiv, in Lysychansk, in Kharkiv, in Dnipro, in many, many other cities of Ukraine. As of this evening, the total number of Russian missiles that have hit our cities is already 2,811. And there are many more air bombs, many artillery shells... The UN Security Council today stood in silence to commemorate all Ukrainians killed by the Russian army on our land. The members of the Russian delegation looked at everyone present in the Security Council and also decided to stand up - just so as not to look like outright murderers. But everyone knows that it is Russian terror, it is the Russian state that is killing innocent people in this war waged against the Ukrainian people. I called on the UN to use the existing mechanisms of the Charter to stop Russian manipulation of the Organization's structures and to set up a special tribunal to investigate the actions of the Russian occupiers on Ukrainian soil. Ukraine's law enforcement and intelligence agencies are doing their best to identify all Russian servicemen responsible for the terror against our cities. The names, faces and all information about each of these terrorists will be known to the world. None of them will be able to avoid responsibility, and personal sanctions will not be enough for these people. A sentence and imprisonment are the minimum they deserve. And I wish to say separately about the responsibility of those Russian propagandists who lie about this terror, who are trying to justify the actions of the Russian army. Each of you will also be punished. We have all the evidence of what the Russian troops are doing against our people. Today, I want to end this address with one such piece of evidence - so that no one dares to deceive about the missile strike at the shopping mall in Kremenchuk. The Russian missile hit this very object, purposefully. Obviously, that was the order. It is obvious that Russian assassins received such coordinates for this missile. They wanted to kill as many people as possible in a peaceful city, in a regular shopping mall. Here is what happened in Kremenchuk: (Video) And for this act of state terrorism, as for all others, Russia will be responsible. On the battlefield in Ukraine, by the strengthening of sanctions and, of course, in the tribunal. I am grateful to everyone who defends Ukraine. Today I signed a new decree on awarding our heroes. 314 more combatants were awarded state awards. Eternal glory to our defenders! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine