3 captures 08 Sep 2024 - 25 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240908192924/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Main Focus Now, at the Beginning of the Fall, is to Strengthen the Positions of Ukraine as Much as Possible – Address by the President 8 September 2024 - 20:02 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President Met with the Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives 1 July 2024 - 18:57 The President spoke about the situation on the frontline and the priority needs of the Defense Forces. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and members of the U.S. House of Representatives discussed the key areas of further U.S. assistance, including additional air defense systems and interceptor missiles. Strikes on the Russian Border Areas Helped Protect Lives; So Will Further Decisions – Address by the President 30 June 2024 - 19:52 Strikes on the Russian border areas helped protect lives. So will further decisions – the bold decisions that must be made, that we need and that we are discussing with our partners. Olena Zelenska: The Ukrainian Center in Lithuania Brings Back to Our People the Opportunities Taken Away by the Russian Attack 30 June 2024 - 11:56 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska congratulated the Ukrainian Center in Lithuania on the second anniversary of its foundation in a video message. More than 800 Participants from 15 Countries Joined the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 20:52 The Ukrainian President emphasized that the Prayer Breakfast had brought together people with different views, but all united by the desire to ensure a true victory of good over evil for Ukraine. The President Met with Nariman Dzhelyal, Released from Russian Captivity 29 June 2024 - 17:05 The Head of State congratulated Nariman Dzhelyal on his return home and noted that he was glad to meet him in person. We Are Preparing New Decisions to Strengthen Ourselves and Protect Our People – the Address by the President 29 June 2024 - 16:51 I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to everyone who works for Ukraine, who fights for Ukraine. We will definitely ensure peace. Address by the President of Ukraine to the Participants of the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:55 Our Prayer Breakfast is attended by representatives of different countries and different communities. But there is one thing we are all undoubtedly united in, and that is our desire to preserve the brightest side of people and our country – to withstand this terrible time of war and to ensure for Ukraine a real, tangible and, from the perspective of international security, exemplary victory of good over evil, so that other aggressors will not attack their neighbors. The Prayer Breakfast Was Attended by Christian Priests Recently Released from Russian Captivity 29 June 2024 - 14:53 "Thanks to the efforts of our team and the mediation of the Holy See, for which I am especially grateful, we were able to bring them back to freedom. We believed it was possible. We worked for it," Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine, said in his address to the participants and guests of the Prayer Breakfast. We Must Act Together to Fully Implement the Peace Formula – Volodymyr Zelenskyy Addressed the Participants and Guests of the Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the National Prayer Breakfast, held for the first time under the patronage of the Head of State. The event was attended by representatives of all denominations and churches, as well as the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Ruslan Stefanchuk, and the Prime Minister, Denys Shmyhal. Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with the Delegation of the National Security Bureau of Poland 28 June 2024 - 20:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Mykola Tochytskyi held a meeting with a delegation of the National Security Bureau of Poland headed by the Deputy Head of the Bureau, Lieutenant General Dariusz Łukowski. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine