57 captures 01 Jun 2022 - 18 Feb 2026 May JUN Jul 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Mark Graham Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham Collection: "Fake News" II (2019) Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham - Collection 12099: "Fake News" II (2019) TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220601070235/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-i-kozhna-maye-buti-lobistom-postachannya-ukrayini-vaz-75501 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone should be a lobbyist for the supply of heavy weapons to Ukraine, which can speed up our victory - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2022 - 22:38 View all videos n latest news Everyone should be a lobbyist for the supply of heavy weapons to Ukraine, which can speed up our victory - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2022 - 22:35 President of Ukraine: Our plan is to deoccupy our entire territory, and we don't care about Russia’s plans 31 May 2022 - 18:58 Slovakia will continue to provide maximum security assistance to Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Zuzana Čaputová in Kyiv 31 May 2022 - 18:35 Olena Zelenska discussed with Queen Mathilde of Belgium the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support for War Victims in Ukraine 31 May 2022 - 17:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Slovak Republic in Kyiv 31 May 2022 - 18:11 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Everyone should be a lobbyist for the supply of heavy weapons to Ukraine, which can speed up our victory - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2022 - 22:35 Ukrainians! All our defenders! Finally, we have the specifics about the European Union's sixth sanctions package on Russia for this war. The package was agreed. Its approval and entry into force will take some time. But the key elements of the package are already clear, and most importantly - its direction. European countries have agreed to significantly limit oil imports from Russia. And I am grateful to everyone who worked to reach this agreement. The practical result is minus tens of billions of euros, which Russia will now be unable to use to finance terror. But it is also important to understand that European countries' abandonment of Russian oil and other fossil fuels will accelerate the transition to renewable energy sources. Strategically, this leaves the Russian state on the sidelines of the modern economy. With such an aggressive policy and a course of isolation from the civilized world, Russia simply will not be able to adapt. So, it will lose. Lose economically. We are also looking forward to the disconnection of one of the largest Russian banks - Sberbank - from SWIFT within the sixth sanctions package. Finally, there is the cessation of broadcasting of Russian disinformation channels in Europe. And new personal sanctions. We will also work on new restrictions against Russia for this war. As soon as the sixth package starts working, we will start preparing the seventh. After all, there must be no significant economic relations of the free word with the terrorist state. I discussed further sanctions policy of the European Union with President of Slovakia Zuzana Čaputová. I am grateful to her, a true friend of Ukraine, for today's visit to Kyiv, for substantive negotiations and for an inspiring speech in the Verkhovna Rada. From the first days of the full-scale war, Slovakia has become one of our most important defense partners. And we will continue this cooperation. We also talked today about Ukraine's European movement. Mrs. Zuzana personally helps accelerate the integration of our state. And we will always be grateful for that. We are also preparing solutions for more effective management of processes at the borders of our states. In particular, joint customs control. At the beginning of her visit to Ukraine, the President of Slovakia visited Irpin and Borodyanka and saw with her own eyes the destruction caused by the Russian army. Anyone who sees this for themselves no longer needs to be persuaded why Russia must bear maximum responsibility for this war. I believe that Slovakia will provide all the necessary assistance to bring to justice all Russian war criminals and to rebuild everything they destroyed after the war. Today I would also like to address those in Ukraine who are trying, so to speak, to "hurry up" the Armed Forces of our state or to indicate how to attack and where to repel enemies in the first place. Ukraine values every opinion. But Ukraine values every life first and foremost. And this is an axiom. And Ukraine will never do like Russia, which throws people into hell of battles just because Moscow wanted to seize something in a few days or by a certain date. Our military, intelligence, the National Guard and all those involved in the defense of the state are gradually but inevitably thwarting all the plans of the occupiers. The frontline situation must be assessed comprehensively. Not by one area, where there is the most tough situation and which attracts the most attention, but by the whole frontline. The situation in the Donbas direction is very difficult. Severodonetsk, Lysychansk, Kurakhove are now at the epicenter of the confrontation. Given the presence of large-scale chemical production in Severodonetsk, the Russian army's strikes there, including blind air bombing, are just madness. But on the 97th day of such a war, it is no longer surprising that for the Russian military, for Russian commanders, for Russian soldiers, any madness is absolutely acceptable. We have certain success in the Kherson direction, as well as an advancement in the Kharkiv region. The Armed Forces of Ukraine are rebuffing the pressure of the occupiers in the Zaporizhzhia region, the key direction is Hulyaipole and Orikhiv. In this broad picture, it must be seen that our defenders are showing the utmost courage and remain masters of the frontline situation, despite the fact that the Russian army still has a significant advantage in equipment and numbers. Of course, everyone in Ukraine wants all our territories, all our people to be liberated today, as soon as possible. The full restoration of the territorial integrity of our state is our goal. But we must act carefully, valuing life. Everyone at all levels must now be lobbyists for the supply of modern heavy weapons and modern artillery to our state. All those systems that can really speed up the victory of Ukraine. Talk about it wherever it is useful and wherever it is heard. Speak to the politicians of the partner countries, to the representatives of foreign media, even to your friends abroad. This narrative of the need to provide Ukraine with enough weapons to win must be maintained constantly. I work for this every day. I signed a new decree on awarding our heroes. 215 combatants were awarded state awards, 17 of them - posthumously. Eternal memory to everyone who gave life for Ukraine! Eternal glory to all who are fighting for our independence! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine