5 captures 28 Jun 2022 - 11 Jul 2025 May JUN Jul 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220628040010/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-nimeckomu-vidannyu-die-welt-nagolo-76077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has become the largest terrorist organization in the world, and this must be a legal fact - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2022 - 22:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has become the largest terrorist organization in the world, and this must be a legal fact - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2022 - 22:39 Ukraine will respond accordingly to threats from Transnistria - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 June 2022 - 18:53 President of Ukraine met with the President of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 18:33 In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, Olena Zelenska stressed the importance of restoring children's faith in the world and life 27 June 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, Olena Zelenska stressed the importance of restoring children's faith in the world and life 27 June 2022 - 17:43 In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska stressed the importance of returning faith in the world and life to Ukrainian children affected by the war. "The children lost everything, found themselves in basements under bombs, next to wounded or dead loved ones. How can we prove to them now that life has meaning, that there is something good left for them in the world? Looking for an answer, I initiated the National Mental Health and Psychosocial Support Program. The best specialists in the world must teach our specialists to deal with the consequences of the traumatic events caused by the war throughout the country. This is the only effective option for help I see now. I definitely do not want Ukrainian children to be traumatized for life. We must restore their faith in the world that is open to them," said the President's wife in an interview published in Sunday's issue of the newspaper Welt am Sonntag. She also spoke about more than 37,000 women in the Ukrainian army and plans to rebuild the country: “We will be facing a recovery - factual and psychological. Today we have more than 1,600 schools, 600 hospitals, a huge number of houses destroyed… And we are starting the reconstruction now, so that at least some of the hospitals and schools start working by the autumn. And, of course, we will need an even greater barrier-free environment than the one we were working on before the war. We have more and more people with disabilities every day, the war cripples children and adults. We have to create the best possible conditions for them - both spatial in the rebuilt cities, and psychological." In addition, Olena Zelenska stressed that, just as after the tragedy of Auschwitz, it is impossible to live "as before" after the tragedies of Mariupol, Bucha and other Ukrainian cities. "But we want this suffering to turn into strength, and we will do everything possible for that," she said. Die Welt is a leading German daily socio-political newspaper, published since 1946. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine