5 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 08 Jul 2025 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130113408/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-predstaviv-zastupnika-kerivnika-ofisu-preziden-80617 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:35 President of Ukraine held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 29 January 2023 - 17:50 President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 12:55 Ukraine needs long-range missiles so that terrorists do not have a feeling of impunity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 January 2023 - 21:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak introduced Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba to the RMA representatives 25 January 2023 - 21:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with representatives of regional military administrations, during which he introduced Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba, who will be in charge of regional policy. "You all know the man. I think you all have good professional relations and he will quickly get down to work," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak also thanked Kyrylo Tymoshenko, Oleksiy Kuleba's predecessor as Deputy Head of the Presidential Office, for his work and noted that his efforts would be continued and implemented. For his part, Oleksiy Kuleba expressed hope for constructive and productive work of the regional military administrations. "I am convinced that we will continue to work fruitfully, calmly resolve all issues and achieve the results set by the country's leadership. I am confident in each of you, and I know that you are all people who are capable of performing any task. Therefore, we will work together as a team to achieve results," he said. The representatives of the regional military administrations informed about the current issues of regional life in wartime. In particular, they discussed the construction of fortifications, the provision of electricity to settlements, and the improvement of communication between central and local authorities. Andriy Yermak proposed to hold a briefing for representatives of partner countries with the participation of representatives of military command, energy companies and regional military administrations. In addition, the Head of the Presidential Office initiated a regular meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. He also called on the RMA representatives to join the next meeting of the joint working group on the restoration of Ukraine's energy sector, which he coordinates with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources Geoffrey Pyatt. "Ambassadors are present there, and many representatives of European countries are involved. I think it is important for them to hear directly from the ground what is happening in the energy sector. Today they have formed a united front on the assistance to us, for it to be consolidated," said Andriy Yermak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine