1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053304/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=69 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President expressed condolences to the families of the victims of the devastating floods in Western Europe 17 July 2021 - 17:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed condolences to the families of the victims of the devastating floods in Western Europe and hopes that the consequences of the disaster will be promptly eliminated. We remember the tragedy of the MH17 flight and believe in bringing the perpetrators to justice - President 17 July 2021 - 10:35 Today, July 17, is the seventh anniversary of the tragedy of the Malaysia Airlines MH17 plane, which was shot down by a Buk anti-aircraft missile from the occupied territory of Donbas. Ukraine is closely monitoring the ongoing trial in the Netherlands and looks forward to Russia cooperating with investigators in the case to find out the truth and bring the perpetrators to justice. The date and agenda of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States will be announced in the near future - Press Secretary of the President 16 July 2021 - 19:15 Regarding Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States, the President's spokesman noted that all agreements are currently being finalized and the date and agenda will be announced shortly. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the presentation of the Minister of Internal Affairs: Trust and respect for law enforcement agencies is the most important thing for the new minister 16 July 2021 - 16:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the newly appointed Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Denys Monastyrskyi to the staff of the Ministry. Earlier on Friday, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Denys Monastyrskyi as head of the Interior Ministry. Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration aspirations with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia 16 July 2021 - 11:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held talks with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia Vladimir Drobnjak. 14 July 2021 - 16:54 The adoption by the Verkhovna Rada of the law, which provides for the reset of the High Council of Justice (Bill № 5068), will launch a real judicial reform in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy's first phone conversation with President of China Xi Jinping took place 13 July 2021 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyyi had a phone conversation with President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping. The leaders exchanged congratulations on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the establishment of a strategic partnership between Ukraine and China and reaffirmed their mutual commitment to its development and deepening. President of Ukraine discussed with the Vice-President of the European Commission a strategic partnership with the EU in the field of raw materials and energy security 13 July 2021 - 20:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice-President of the European Commission for Interinstitutional Relations and Foresight Maroš Šefčovič. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Israeli President Isaac Herzog 13 July 2021 - 15:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated his Israeli counterpart on taking office and wished him success in his public duties. The President of Ukraine praised the dynamics of Ukrainian-Israeli relations and expressed confidence in their further development. President on the results of the meeting with the German Chancellor: Ukraine's partners understand that Nord Stream 2 is not a purely economic project 13 July 2021 - 13:51 During a more than four-hour meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed security issues in Ukraine and Europe, including a peaceful settlement in Donbas and the risks of Nord Stream 2. 1 2 ... 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine