1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022851/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=168 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – To endure Russian energy terror is our national task now - address by the President of Ukraine 3 November 2022 - 22:41 The very fact that Russia resorted to terror against the energy industry shows the weakness of the enemy. They cannot defeat Ukraine on the battlefield, and that is why they are trying to break our people in this way - to humiliate Ukrainians, to strike at the morale of our people, at the resistance of our people. I believe that Russia will not succeed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy created a working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. 3 November 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to create a special Working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The Head of State signed the corresponding decree on November 3, 2022. Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery 3 November 2022 - 20:43 Andriy Yermak set a task of promptly submitting the filled-in questionnaire on Ukraine's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. In case Russia uses nuclear weapons, the world we live in now will no longer exist, there will be a completely different world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 November 2022 - 19:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that in case the Russian Federation uses nuclear weapons against Ukraine, the world will change forever, and it will have devastating consequences for Russia itself. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Greece 3 November 2022 - 19:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of Greece Katerina Sakellaropoulou who is on a visit to our country. As part of her visit to Portugal, Olena Zelenska met with the country's Prime Minister António Сosta 3 November 2022 - 17:26 The visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to the Portuguese Republic continues. On the second day of the visit, the President's wife met with Prime Minister of Portugal António Costa and paid a visit to the Ukrainian IDPs. Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published Paper #7 - IT & Supporting Technologies: Recommendations for Sanctions 3 November 2022 - 11:29 An independent group of international experts on sanctions against Russia has developed a detailed document that lists all the IT technologies that should be taken away from the criminal regime. Grain Initiative will continue, Russian blackmail turns out to be fruitless – address of President of Ukraine 2 November 2022 - 23:04 Every time Russian blackmail intensifies, food prices rise. And every time the world does not give in to blackmail, foodstuffs become cheaper. And if there was no Russian attack on Ukraine, there wouldn't even be a phantom threat of the global food crisis. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain 2 November 2022 - 20:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Union and Cooperation of Spain José Manuel Albares, who arrived on a visit to our country. Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with Managing Director, Head of Global Engagement at the largest U.S. bank holding by assets – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Clay Berry. 1 2 ... 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine