1 capture 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine held a meeting with the International Criminal Court Prosecutor 16 March 2022 - 16:26 The President noted the importance of the decision of the International Criminal Court to start an investigation into Russia's horrific violations of international criminal law during the invasion of Ukraine. As of today, Ukraine has become a member of the European Energy Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 March 2022 - 15:51 The system operator of the Ukrainian power grid Ukrenergo, together with its European counterparts, has completed the integration of domestic and European energy systems. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. For every act of terrorism by Russian troops on the territory of Ukraine there will be an international tribunal - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 March 2022 - 13:38 We are stepping up work to bring the invaders to justice. There must be an international tribunal. And it will be. For everything they did against Ukraine. Against our people. For every act of terrorism of Russian troops on the territory of our state. The Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine and law enforcement agencies have already started this work. Ukrainian side has not yet received approval of humanitarian corridors for evacuation of the population on March 16 - Iryna Vereshchuk 16 March 2022 - 10:43 As of March 16, the Ukrainian side has not received a response on the approval of humanitarian corridors, and so far there are no guarantees for the safe evacuation of residents of settlements affected by the Russian invasion. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. Resistance, resilience and courage of our defenders make it possible to save our people and our land - address by the President of Ukraine 16 March 2022 - 01:46 The eyes of all the people of the world are now focused on our capital, on Ukrainians. So everyone who is with us will receive gratitude. Not only ours, but also of other nations of the world. Everyone who is with us has a chance to become a real hero. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the heads of governments of Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovenia in Kyiv 16 March 2022 - 00:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, Deputy Prime Minister of Poland Jarosław Kaczyński, Prime Minister of the Czech Republic Petr Fiala and Prime Minister of Slovenia Janez Janša who arrived in Kyiv. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Canada 15 March 2022 - 19:57 Canada is already showing the necessary leadership! It is already the first to do what other countries come to later. But we need more leadership, and we ask for more participation from you. Every shot of Russia at Ukraine is a step towards its self-destruction - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 March 2022 - 17:29 The 20th day of full-scale invasion. Attempts to destroy us all, to destroy Ukraine. We are fighting for our lives. We are fighting for our lives against missiles, bombs, artillery, tanks, mortars and everything else that Russian troops are using to destroy us. Everything else that Russia is destroying itself with now. Because every shot at Ukraine, every blow at Ukraine are steps towards Russia's self-destruction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the Joint Expeditionary Force leaders presented his vision of how to stop Russian aggression 15 March 2022 - 16:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting of representatives of the member states of the Joint Expeditionary Force chaired by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson in the format of a video conference. During the event, the President of Ukraine presented his vision of how to stop Russian aggression and ensure lasting peace on the European continent. To date, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon in Kyiv, Sumy, Kharkiv and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 15 March 2022 - 10:21 Nine humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of residents of settlements affected by the Russian invasion will open in Ukraine on March 15 at 9:00. The evacuation of people from Mariupol is planned in the Donetsk region. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine