2 captures 30 Jan 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 30 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240130000122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-proviv-druge-zasidannya-robochoyi-88153 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Keeping ahead of the enemy in the quality of drone operations is one of the main tasks of the year – address by the President of Ukraine 29 January 2024 - 20:25 View all videos n latest news Another round of talks between Ukraine and Germany on concluding bilateral security commitments took place 29 January 2024 - 21:18 Keeping ahead of the enemy in the quality of drone operations is one of the main tasks of the year – address by the President of Ukraine 29 January 2024 - 20:23 Andriy Yermak following the meeting with Péter Szijjártó in Uzhhorod: Today we made a powerful step towards holding a meeting at the level of the Prime Minister of Hungary and the President of Ukraine 29 January 2024 - 18:57 In Uzhhorod, Andriy Yermak, Dmytro Kuleba and Péter Szijjártó honored the memory of fallen defenders of Ukraine 29 January 2024 - 15:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President honored the memory of the Kruty Heroes 29 January 2024 - 12:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office held the second meeting of the working group on the implementation of the security clause of the Peace Formula 9 January 2024 - 09:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held the second meeting of the working group № 9 focused on the implementation of the ninth clause of the Ukrainian Peace Formula "Preventing escalation and repetition of aggression". Andriy Yermak noted that the number of participants had more than doubled since the inaugural meeting of the working group. The second meeting was attended by ambassadors and diplomatic representatives of 43 countries (in person and online), including representatives of the Global South, as well as foreign and Ukrainian experts. The working group on the ninth point of the Peace Formula has been joined by: Australia, Austria, Argentina, Belgium, Bulgaria, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Greece, Georgia, Denmark, Estonia, Israel, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Canada, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, the Netherlands, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, the USA, Türkiye, Finland, France, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Montenegro, Chile, Sweden, Switzerland, Japan, as well as the European Union. Additionally, representatives from the expert circles of several countries have been involved. "Clause nine of the Peace Formula is about preventing the escalation of war and the repetition of aggression. This is much broader than security commitments. We want our Formula to become global: to give any other country the opportunity to use our experience, learn from our lessons, use our tools and ready-made solutions," said the Head of the Presidential Office. He reminded the audience that since the previous meeting, more than 30 countries had joined the G7 Joint Declaration on security commitments for our country, five draft bilateral documents had been submitted to Ukraine for consideration, eight bilateral consultations had been launched, and more than 15 countries had expressed readiness to start bilateral negotiations shortly. "As part of our joint work, we have to answer the question of how to convey a clear message to a potential aggressor and make it think twice before violating international law. The price of threats must be too high, the price of aggression must be unbearable, and responsibility must be inevitable," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office noted substantial progress in expanding the circle of participants, geographical representation, development of separate thematic documents and engagement of experts, and expressed hope that the final list of co-chairs of the working group would be agreed upon in the near future. In this format, the group will continue its active work both after the next meeting of national security advisers, which will take place in Davos in a few days, and after the Global Peace Summit. "With each meeting, we are getting closer to the Global Peace Summit. The Peace Formula has become an international peace platform and structure for the restoration of international law and the multilateral security system. Just, lasting and sustainable peace is only possible when we work together," he emphasized. Ihor Zhovkva, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, told the meeting participants that the philosophy and conceptual framework of the working group № 9 had already been developed, and that representatives of the countries involved, including new members of the group, could submit their proposals. "It is very important to work on an effective security system and efficient tools that could be used in the security commitments mechanism," said Ihor Zhovkva. He also noted that the activities of this group would go far beyond the issue of purely security commitments for Ukraine. "Today, there is not a single country in the world that has not been affected by the Russian war. Everyone feels its negative consequences. That is why we have come together in such a representative quantity around the key point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which aims not only to speed up Ukraine's victory and end the war, but also to prevent similar aggressions from happening in the future anywhere else in the world," said Ihor Zhovkva. The Deputy Head of the Presidential Office called for further expansion of the group's circle of participants: "We invite all states that respect international law and the UN Charter, and this is today the majority of countries in the democratic world, to participate in the work on this item. Of course, there is no place among them for Russia, which violates every single international norm possible." During the meeting, the participants discussed priorities for further work, certain organizational issues and expectations from the next meeting of national security advisers and diplomatic advisers to the heads of state in Davos. After the inaugural Global Peace Summit, a thematic international event on preventing the escalation of war and the repetition of aggression will be held in one of the countries co-chairing the working group on clause nine. This event will utilize the developments of this working group. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine