4 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 17 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324003655/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-pospilkuvavsya-z-ukrayinskimi-ta-inozemnimi-zh-81533 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 If Europe hesitates, evil can prepare itself for years of war, it is in your power not to allow this to happen - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the European Council meeting 23 March 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Ukrainian and foreign journalists 9 March 2023 - 22:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Sybiha and Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk also took part in the conversation. Andriy Yermak noted that one of the most important issues discussed during UN Secretary-General António Guterres' visit to Ukraine on Wednesday was the extension of the Black Sea Grain Initiative beyond March 18. "Ukraine's position is unchanged. This is one of the points of the Peace Formula presented by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. We stand in favor of extending the grain initiative for an unlimited period. Ukraine, for its part, is fulfilling everything we have agreed with the UN and Türkiye," he emphasized. The Head of the President's Office noted that all of Ukraine's partners are well aware of this. In addition, there is a huge work with African countries, and a number of ambassadors of the Ukrainian humanitarian initiative Grain from Ukraine have emerged, and they are influential people on the African continent. Andriy Yermak also reminded that recently, for the first time since independence, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia visited Ukraine. It is also important that Saudi Arabia supports the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, voted in favor of the UN General Assembly resolution on lasting peace in Ukraine on February 23, provides humanitarian aid to our country and facilitated the release of prisoners of war. Regarding the work at the UN platform, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Sybiha noted that Ukraine is actively consulting with permanent and non-permanent members of the UN Security Council to prevent Russia from assuming the presidency of the Security Council in April. Andriy Yermak emphasized that it is extremely important to find an approach to each country in the international arena, and this requires systematic work. In particular, this applies to those countries that have not yet joined the sanctions against Russia. The Head of the President's Office drew attention to the importance of environmental safety and Russia's responsibility for environmental crimes. According to him, work is underway to form an international platform around the environmental safety clause of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's peace plan. "The world does not know about the damage and catastrophe caused by the Russians during this war, and we need to make sure that it does," he emphasized. Answering a question about crimes against children, Presidential Commissioner Daria Herasymchuk noted that everything committed by Russians against Ukrainian children is not just crimes against humanity, not just war crimes, but genocide. "For example, Ukraine is not the first country where children are abducted during the war. But the world has never seen such a massive crime for sure" she emphasized. According to Daria Herasymchuk, the return of Ukrainian children from Russia is an extremely complicated process involving many different people and organizations. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine