5 captures 17 Apr 2024 - 22 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240417182600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=12 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Will Request a Meeting of the Ukraine – NATO Council – Address of the President of Ukraine 16 April 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Ukraine's Defense and Industrial Complex Employees Day 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Winter can become turning point and lead to rapid de-occupation of Ukrainian territories, but we need more powerful weapons – President at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:02 The winter period can be a turning point in the liberation of the Ukrainian territories occupied by Russia, but for this our army needs a systematic supply of the necessary types of weapons. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this while participating in a panel discussion at the 17th meeting of the Yalta European Strategy "Ukraine: Defending All Our Freedom". Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:32 We must fight. Endure the winter. Help those who are weaker. Protect those who need protection more. Limit ourselves in what can be limited. And limit Russia in everything that should limit it. Since early September, about 2,000 kilometers of Ukraine's territory have already been liberated – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 September 2022 - 21:34 The Armed Forces of Ukraine and all those who defend our state, the Special Operations Forces, our intelligence, special services, the National Guard, the police will restore peace in every corner of our state, where Russia has brought only grief and suffering. There will be peace. Peace goes together with the Ukrainian flag, together with our defenders. Andriy Yermak meets with former US ambassadors to Ukraine William Taylor and John Herbst 10 September 2022 - 20:54 Yermak thanked them for visiting our country and supporting us in this difficult and determinative time. "We greatly appreciate what you have done and are doing. We know all about it – what a great job you do supporting us," he said. Head of Office of President of Ukraine holds meeting with group of members of UK Parliament 10 September 2022 - 19:59 During the negotiations, Yermak briefed the delegation in detail on the situation at the front and the course of events. He said that the security support of our country from partners played an important role in the recent successes of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, along with the commitment of Ukrainian defenders. Andriy Yermak discusses support for Ukraine with representatives of Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights 10 September 2022 - 19:20 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of the Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights, founded by human rights defender Irwin Kotler. The organization is a unique international consortium of parliamentarians, scholars, jurists, human rights defenders, representatives of NGOs and students united in the pursuit of justice. President holds another meeting of Supreme Commander-in-Chief Headquarters 10 September 2022 - 18:44 First of all, the participants of the meeting listened to the reports of the commanders of the operative groups regarding the active actions of the defense forces to de-occupy Ukrainian territories. According to the results, appropriate decisions were made, in particular, regarding security in the liberated settlements. Ukrainian Bookshelf opens in 18 countries 10 September 2022 - 11:57 Seven more countries have joined the Ukrainian Bookshelf project, which provides for the distribution of Ukrainian literature in the original language and its translations in the world's leading libraries. These are Jordan, Croatia, Lebanon, Japan, Spain, Belgium and Albania. As of now, the Armed Forces of Ukraine liberate and take control of more than 30 settlements in Kharkiv region – address of President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 22:18 I am asking Ukrainians from the liberated territory: please give the representatives of our forces any information known to you about the crimes of the occupiers on Ukrainian land. Oleksiy Dniprov meets with members of International Expert Group on Youth Policy 9 September 2022 - 22:13 Dniprov congratulated and thanked the participants of the online meeting, who expressed their desire to jointly develop effective mechanisms for the implementation of the National Youth Strategy until 2030 in the conditions of the full-scale Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine