7 captures 25 May 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240525160201/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-91049 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Strike on Kharkiv is Another Manifestation of Russian Madness, There Is Just No Other Way to Put It — Address by the President of Ukraine 25 May 2024 - 17:50 View all videos n latest news The Strike on Kharkiv is Another Manifestation of Russian Madness, There Is Just No Other Way to Put It — Address by the President of Ukraine 25 May 2024 - 17:42 We Are Waiting for the African Leaders at the Peace Summit, and We Wish You All Peace – the President of Ukraine Addressed African Nations on the Africa Day 25 May 2024 - 12:55 For More Than Two Years of Full-Scale War, We Have Been Relying on Dependable Communications – the President Congratulated the Employees of the State Service of Special Communications on Their Professional Holiday 25 May 2024 - 09:36 The President Met with the Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland 24 May 2024 - 22:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President of Ukraine Presented Employees of the State Service of Special Communications with Awards 25 May 2024 - 09:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Jake Sullivan 22 May 2024 - 15:33 The Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan within the framework of an ongoing dialogue. Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor in detail about the situation at the front and emphasized the importance of bolstering our air defense with modern Western systems. During the conversation, the Head of the Presidential Office spoke about Ukraine's preparations for the first Global Peace Summit and the importance of countries from all continents attending. The parties also discussed the NATO Summit in Washington. Special attention was paid to the agreement on security commitments between Ukraine and the United States, which is nearing completion. Andriy Yermak thanked Jake Sullivan, U.S. President Joseph Biden, both chambers and parties of Congress, and all the American people for their support of Ukraine in its fight against full-scale Russian aggression and for the support package that is already effective on the battlefield. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine