Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202200351/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-specialnij-mizhnarodnij-tribunal-shodo-zlochinu-agresi-79505 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news Today we honor with awards those who personify Ukrainian resilience – President at meeting with defenders released from captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in Skovoroda-300 forum in Pereiaslav, speaks with students of three universities 2 December 2022 - 20:14 Olena Zelenska tells British broadcaster Sky News about mass war crimes perpetrated by Russians against Ukrainians 2 December 2022 - 19:28 President of Ukraine visited the Hryhorii Skovoroda Memorial Museum in Pereiaslav 2 December 2022 - 17:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity, and presented state awards. 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Only a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine will make it possible to restore justice and punish all the guilty - Andriy Yermak 28 November 2022 - 22:33 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that it is the special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine, the creation of which our state is calling for, that will make it possible to restore justice and punish all those guilty of the terrible crimes caused by the largest war in Europe since World War II. He stated this during an online speech at the conference "Possible Scenarios for the Prosecution of Russia for the Crime of Aggression", which takes place in Paris with the participation of members of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Andriy Yermak noted that, according to official data of the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine, during Russia's full-scale war against our country, more than 47,900 war crimes were committed and more than 8,400 civilians died, including 440 children. 46,000 houses and tens of thousands of civil infrastructure objects were destroyed. Among other things, 1,400 institutions for children were destroyed. 11,400 young Ukrainians were forcibly taken out of the country. "The atrocities we are facing are shocking. When our law enforcement agencies conducted an exhumation in Izyum, they found a minor girl who was first raped and then brutally killed. They found a boy whose genitals were cut off before execution. We discover such terrible things every time we liberate a new settlement," said the Head of the Office of the President. Andriy Yermak emphasized that behind all crimes there is one biggest crime - the so-called mother crime of aggression, without the investigation of which and the punishment of the guilty the truth will never be achieved. "There is no doubt that Russia bears full responsibility for what was committed. Russian soldiers and their commanders who committed war crimes will be brought to justice. However, this is not enough. Russian officials must be brought to criminal responsibility for the crime of aggression," he is convinced. For his part, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov said that after analyzing all available international mechanisms, it became clear that there was a high risk that no one would be prosecuted for the crime of aggression unless a special international tribunal was created, which would only investigate the crime of aggression against of Ukraine. The International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague, which investigates the crimes of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, does not have sufficient jurisdictional powers. "During the eight months of the war in Ukraine, not a single proceeding related to the crime of aggression was registered at the ICC due to objective reasons," he noted. For the purposes of the special international tribunal, the system of punishments used in the International Criminal Court may be used. The punishment for the crime of aggression against Ukraine, after it has been proven, may include imprisonment for a term of up to 30 years or life imprisonment. As noted by Andriy Yermak, a special international tribunal can be created by signing an agreement between states willing to join it or based on Ukraine's agreement with an international organization. The Head of the President's Office reminded that the creation of a special international tribunal was supported by the European Parliament, the Parliamentary Assemblies of the Council of Europe, the OSCE and NATO, the parliaments of Ukraine, Lithuania, Estonia, the Czech Republic and the Netherlands, but in the end, the decision of a significant number of countries that would like to join the creation of such a tribunal is needed. "This is an issue for the whole world. If we do not follow these principles, are we prepared for the fact that one day some dictator will announce his territorial claims to some country? Are we ready for new hybrid wars waged by rulers detached from reality? Will you agree to international blackmail and terror, to the truth distorted by propaganda? Are you ready to accept the death of tens of thousands of innocent people, including many women and children? If not, support the creation of our tribunal! Everyone to the extent that depends on you," Andriy Yermak urged. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine