13 captures 10 Sep 2022 - 11 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220910211309/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/peregovori-z-rf-poki-nemozhlivi-tomu-sho-vona-ne-mozhe-sform-77669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:35 View all videos n latest news Negotiations with the Russian Federation are still impossible because it cannot formulate adequate positions – Zelenskyy at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:15 Winter can become turning point and lead to rapid de-occupation of Ukrainian territories, but we need more powerful weapons – President at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:02 Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:32 Since early September, about 2,000 kilometers of Ukraine's territory have already been liberated – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 September 2022 - 21:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of state awards to media representatives by the President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 14:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Negotiations with the Russian Federation are still impossible because it cannot formulate adequate positions – Zelenskyy at YES 10 September 2022 - 23:15 Currently, no negotiations with the Russian Federation regarding the end of the war are possible, since the Russian side cannot formulate any adequate positions. This was said by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he was taking part in a panel discussion at the 17th meeting of the Yalta European Strategy "Ukraine: Defending All Our Freedom". "We want to end the war, but the space and opportunities have changed. Society does not want to talk to terrorists. Although one can communicate even with terrorists, because they know what they want," the Head of State said. Zelenskyy emphasized that as for the Russian side, there is no confidence that they will keep their promises. "I think they won't. No one believes. You won't shake their hands," he said. As the President of Ukraine said, first of all it is necessary for the Russian Federation to leave Ukrainian territories and stop behaving like a terrorist who started a full-scale war against our country. Then we can talk about diplomacy. "In order for us to open a diplomatic corridor with them, they must show political will, that they are ready to give back foreign land. Then we can talk at least about some corridors that open certain diplomatic steps," Zelenskyy explained. ph 9 September 2022 - 19:04 ph 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine