16 captures 17 Oct 2023 - 13 Jul 2025 Sep OCT Nov 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231017225657/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-rozmovu-z-pershoyu-ledi-izrayilyu-mih-86405 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our task remains unchanged – this year we must be ready to open negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 October 2023 - 18:51 View all videos n latest news Head of State discussed food security and implementation of the Peace Formula with the President of South Africa 17 October 2023 - 23:13 Our task remains unchanged – this year we must be ready to open negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 October 2023 - 18:50 Olena Zelenska had a conversation with Israeli First Lady Michal Herzog 17 October 2023 - 17:04 We have a result in our advancement – address by the President of Ukraine following the meeting of the Staff 17 October 2023 - 13:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska had a conversation with Israeli First Lady Michal Herzog 17 October 2023 - 17:04 In a phone call with Israeli First Lady Michal Herzog, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska expressed condolences to the victims of the Hamas terrorist attack. "We feel your pain, the pain of every family in Israel. Ukrainians in all corners of our country express support for the people of Israel, and I want to convey this to you. Our military recorded a video in support of the Israeli people. These and many other manifestations of solidarity confirm how close our peoples are in both joy and sorrow," Olena Zelenska emphasized. She noted that as of October 17, 13 Ukrainian citizens were confirmed dead (identification of the bodies is ongoing, the data is changing daily), and a boy whose mother was killed by terrorists was wounded. The child is being provided with medical and psychological assistance. 436 Ukrainian citizens have been evacuated. The First Lady of Ukraine emphasized that terrorism has no borders. Therefore, it is even more important that countries that oppose it act together. Ukraine consistently stands for peace in the Middle East for all peoples. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine