1 capture 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Responsibility for war crimes of the Russian military is inevitable - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2022 - 01:29 We are working with partners on new restrictions that will be applied against the Russian state. Everyone who is responsible for the war. Everyone who is responsible for the destruction of democracy. Everyone who is responsible for repression against people. Everyone will get an answer. The answer of the world. And this is just the beginning. Today, volunteers are all those who feel a free call to defend Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2022 - 14:24 We will rebuild everything. We will restore everything. But now that the invaders are still on our land, we must beat them as best as we can. Drive them away in any way we can. Defend the cities. Defend the villages. Defend every meter of our land. And every part of our heart. Ukrainian heart. Ukrainian soul. Andriy Yermak held a meeting to protect the rights of Ukrainians who have temporarily left their homeland due to Russian aggression 14 March 2022 - 12:23 Particular attention was paid to the social protection of temporarily displaced citizens of our country during their stay in other countries, as well as strengthening the work of diplomatic missions with Ukrainians who today more than ever need attention and protection. Ten humanitarian corridors for evacuation of people in Ukraine were agreed upon on March 14 - Iryna Vereshchuk 14 March 2022 - 10:35 In Ukraine, 10 humanitarian corridors will be opened on March 14 at 9:00 am to evacuate people from settlements affected by shelling by the Russian army. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. We will win thanks to our ability to unite and always care for our people - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2022 - 00:19 Ukrainians! We are going through the worst ordeal in our history. In our lives. We protect the most precious thing we have. We must hold on. We must fight. And we will win. I know that. I believe in that. Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 17:09 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital. The militaries were taken to this medical institution with injuries of varying severity after the fighting in the Kyiv region. Regular evacuation routes were opened in the Kyiv and Luhansk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 13 March 2022 - 11:29 Regular humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of residents of settlements affected by the shelling were open in Ukraine on March 13 at 9:00. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk. We still need to fight and inflict maximum damage on the enemy in all areas of defense - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 01:01 The Russian invaders cannot conquer us. They do not have such strength. They do not have such spirit. They are holding only on violence. Only on terror. Only on weapons, which they have a lot. But the invaders have no natural basis for normal life. So that people can feel happy and dream. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Italians and all Europeans 12 March 2022 - 19:21 You need to put pressure. Such sanctions against Russia are needed so that every Russian soldier knows the price of every shot at civilians. We need such principles of European business that the Russian state does not have the money to ruin lives. Ukraine and its citizens deserved to be in the EU - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 March 2022 - 18:33 Promoting Ukraine's membership in the European Union is one of the important means of support for our state by European countries. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of foreign media in Kyiv. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine