1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221557/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak delivered a video address to the diplomats of the world who took part in the festivities in Canada and Brazil on the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine 26 August 2023 - 15:55 The topic of the breakfast was President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and security guarantees for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak delivered a video address on the occasion of the opening of the Russian War Crimes exhibition in Bratislava 26 August 2023 - 10:06 In a video address to the audience, Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of implementing the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy as the only plan capable of ensuring a just and sustainable peace on the European continent. Ukraine started negotiations with Canada on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 25 August 2023 - 22:52 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, negotiations with Canada on a bilateral agreement on providing Ukraine with security guarantees, as envisaged by the Joint Declaration of Support for our country, have begun. The negotiations are coordinated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Azerbaijan to Ukraine 25 August 2023 - 20:22 The parties discussed promising areas of cooperation in the regions of our country, in particular in the social and infrastructure sectors, medical and psychological rehabilitation for Ukrainian children affected by Russia's invasion, and assistance in the energy sector. Head of the Office of the President had a phone call with the U.S. National Security Advisor 24 August 2023 - 18:54 The Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude for the U.S. leadership in the coalition of fighter jets and the decisions that enabled the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s and paved the way for Ukraine to receive these modern fighter jets. Andriy Yermak: Fair punishment of Russia for its crimes will be a prerequisite for the safety and security of all mankind 21 August 2023 - 18:19 Bringing to justice all those responsible for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine will be a prerequisite for the security and safety of humanity, so all civilized states that respect international law should join the process of establishing a Special International Tribunal. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during an online speech at the conference "Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine. Justice to be Served", which is taking place in Kyiv. Ukraine, UN sign joint preventive plan to prevent and stop grave violations of children's rights in Russia's armed aggression 18 August 2023 - 22:22 The signing of the joint preventive plan with the UN is an important step in implementing Bring Kids Back UA – a comprehensive action plan developed at the initiative of Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Head of Greek Prime Minister's diplomatic office 18 August 2023 - 19:27 The parties also focused on the need to increase sanctions pressure on the aggressor state, in particular, the preparation of the next, 12th, package of EU sanctions against Russia. Andriy Yermak holds sixth meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic institutions regarding implementation of Peace Formula 18 August 2023 - 17:56 The meeting, which took place on the territory of the botanical garden of the National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine, concerned the point of the Peace Formula "Ecological safety." Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with Director-General of the World Trade Organization 17 August 2023 - 23:14 The main topic of the meeting was the protection of free trade, in particular in the Black Sea region, which is under threat due to Russia's aggression against Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine