4 captures 12 Nov 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241112161322/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=166 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Further Our Missiles and Drones Can Hit, the Less Real Combat Capability Russia Will Have – Address by the President 11 November 2024 - 19:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – 144 Ukrainian warriors were returned from Russian captivity, we will do everything to bring everyone home - address by the President of Ukraine 29 June 2022 - 22:49 I called on NATO countries to speed up the supply of missile defense systems to Ukraine and significantly increase the pressure on the terrorist state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with British entrepreneur Richard Branson 29 June 2022 - 20:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the founder of Virgin Group, billionaire Richard Branson, who arrived in Ukraine. Creating a security guarantees mechanism for Ukraine will be an important step towards a new safe world - speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at the NATO Public Forum 29 June 2022 - 20:08 We are not satisfied with the illusion of an open door. Ukraine will not deviate from its path to full NATO membership. Both the Ukrainian army and the entire Ukrainian people prove with their courage every day that our membership will only strengthen the North Atlantic Alliance. President held talks with the President of Indonesia who is visiting Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 18:52 The President of Ukraine thanked Joko Widodo for his unwavering support for the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of our state. Olena Zelenska in an interview with CNN: Missile attack on a shopping mall in Kremenchuk is terrorism 29 June 2022 - 16:29 She also described how the country feels in the fifth month of resistance to the Russian invasion. You have to find a place for Ukraine in the common security space - speech by the President of Ukraine at the NATO Summit 29 June 2022 - 13:56 Helping Ukraine end this war by winning on the battlefield now - that is, giving a really strong answer to what Russia is doing - is what we and each of your states and the whole Alliance, the whole Euro-Atlantic community need. Ukraine's victory in the war with Russia will be a joint victory of the whole democratic world - President in an interview with NBС 29 June 2022 - 10:29 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the military-political leadership of the Russian Federation has started a war not only with Ukraine, but also with the entire democratic world, so in the event of our defeat, all countries that declare democratic values will lose. He stated this in an interview with the American TV channel NBC. Law enforcers and intelligence of Ukraine are doing everything to identify all Russian servicemen who are responsible for terror against our cities - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 29 June 2022 - 00:19 The names, faces and all information about each of these terrorists will be known to the world. None of them will be able to avoid responsibility, and personal sanctions will not be enough for these people. A sentence and imprisonment are the minimum they deserve. It is necessary that Russia stops killing people, it is necessary to bring it to justice for terrorism - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the UN Security Council 29 June 2022 - 00:00 We need to act immediately - and do everything to make Russia stop the killings of children, people - everyone. It must be brought to justice for terrorism, otherwise it could bring terrorist activity to other European countries, Asia. President held a meeting on preparing Ukraine for EU membership after obtaining candidate status 28 June 2022 - 17:32 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the tasks for all branches of government must be clearly defined in order to move quickly towards full membership in the EU. 1 2 ... 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine