1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053009/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=34 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the implementation of the New Village pilot project in the Luhansk region 15 October 2021 - 15:34 During a working trip to the Luhansk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the implementation of the New Village pilot project in the Shul'hynka territorial community. The project aims to make public services available to residents of each community. Large Construction: President inspected reconstructed school in Mariupol 15 October 2021 - 11:26 During a working trip to Donbas, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Mariupol Secondary School of I-III Grades № 26, which was reconstructed in the framework of the Large Construction National Program. President in Mariupol: The purpose of the modern army of Ukraine is to multiply the glorious traditions of the Zaporozhian Sich and think beyond stereotypes 14 October 2021 - 21:42 During his visit to Mariupol, Donetsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Ukrainian servicemen on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine and presented state awards. President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in Donbas 14 October 2021 - 19:42 During a working trip to the Donetsk region on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces in the area of the Joint Forces Operation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy arrived in Donbas 14 October 2021 - 16:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a working trip, during which he will visit the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. President addressed military lyceum students: Today on Khortytsia future defenders of Ukraine are born 14 October 2021 - 14:36 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the Day of Defenders of Ukraine and the solemn oath-taking ceremony of a military lyceum students, which took place on the island of Khortytsia. President is on a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region 14 October 2021 - 11:51 The President will take part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of Defenders of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy will also observe the course of restoration works on the territory of the Khortytsia National Reserve. Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid tribute to those fallen for Ukraine near the Wall of Remembrance on Mykhailivska Square 14 October 2021 - 10:56 On the occasion of the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a ceremony honoring those fallen for Ukraine, which took place on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. The Head of State observed samples of modern weaponry and military equipment. Ukraine will introduce a major energy saving program - Head of State 12 October 2021 - 15:50 Ukraine must be energy independent, so with the support of the European Union, our country will implement a major program of energy modernization. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that answering questions from media representatives following the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit in Kyiv. Ukraine and the EU share the opinion that the responsibility for the lack of progress in the peaceful settlement in Donbas lies entirely with Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 October 2021 - 14:32 Europe's security is directly related to the security situation in Ukraine, so the Ukrainian state is ready to join the cooperation in the framework of the European Union's initiative to determine 2022 as the year of European defense. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine