36 captures 09 May 2022 - 16 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220509133427/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/otrimannya-ukrayinoyu-statusu-kandidata-na-chlenstvo-v-yes-m-74933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Victory over Nazism in World War II 9 May 2022 - 09:10 View all videos n latest news Obtaining Ukraine's EU membership candidate status is of great importance for the Ukrainian people - President during a conversation with Ursula von der Leyen 9 May 2022 - 15:46 President of Ukraine discussed with the President of the European Council support for Ukraine during the war 9 May 2022 - 15:04 Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Victory over Nazism in World War II 9 May 2022 - 09:05 The First Ladies of Ukraine and the United States met in Uzhhorod 9 May 2022 - 00:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Canada 8 May 2022 - 17:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Obtaining Ukraine's EU membership candidate status is of great importance for the Ukrainian people - President during a conversation with Ursula von der Leyen 9 May 2022 - 15:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. During the conversation, the President announced the transfer of the second part of the completed questionnaire to obtain the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the second part of the questionnaire was passed to Head of the EU Delegation to Ukraine Matti Maasikas. "I think these answers are also a small victory for our team. We are waiting for the consideration and conclusions of the European Commission. I would like these conclusions to be positive. And I would like these conclusions to be provided faster thanks to you,” the President of Ukraine said. He stressed that obtaining Ukraine's EU membership candidate status is of great importance for the Ukrainian people and our Armed Forces, which are defending their homeland. For her part, Ursula von der Leyen noted that the European Commission will work hard to review the completed questionnaire submitted by Ukraine to make a decision in June this year. "I am very impressed with the speed with which you prepared the answers to our questionnaire. This will encourage the European Commission to work faster," she said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the European Union for its support to Ukraine. "I am thankful to you, Charles Michel and the European Union who are actively working against Russia's occupation of part of our territory. Working with sanctions, diplomatically, financially, supporting our state with armaments," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the importance of adopting the sixth package of EU sanctions against Russia, and thanked those European countries that support the introduction of an embargo on oil and gas from the aggressor country. The President of the European Commission noted that the EU is working on imposing an embargo on imports of Russian oil products. Ursula von der Leyen stressed that today Ukraine is fighting for common European values and democracy, so the EU will continue to provide its support, including financial support. She announced the work on the creation of the Trust Fund for the reconstruction of our country. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine