1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=58 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 21:58 And, of course, many thanks to all those who train our soldiers… who share their experience with our heroes, and who themselves learn from Ukrainians. Olena Zelenska Foundation implements project to provide teachers with laptops for distance learning 17 June 2023 - 16:27 First Lady Olena Zelenska held an online meeting with Hanna Novikova from Kryvy Rih Gymnasium. She is one of over 38,000 Ukrainian teachers who received a laptop from the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 There was another event today. This is the War Cabinet. Our commanders – generals Syrsky, Tarnavsky, Zaluzhny, Shaptala. And there was Budanov. No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Union of the Comoros Azali Assoumani, President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa, President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall, President of the Republic of Zambia Hakainde Hichilema and Prime Minister of the Arab Republic of Egypt Mostafa Madbouly, who arrived in our country with a visit. President addressed the graduates of the National Defense University: Our army is becoming stronger, our Ukrainian state is becoming stronger 16 June 2023 - 15:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine. This year, this higher military educational institution has trained 317 graduates of strategic, operational and tactical levels of training. Andriy Yermak met with the Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions 16 June 2023 - 09:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions David O'Sullivan, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. Another Ramstein today was quite productive, we are getting even stronger – address by the President of Ukraine 15 June 2023 - 22:31 We have significant international steps that strengthen our position in several areas at once. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of Costa Rica 15 June 2023 - 20:56 The President of Ukraine spoke about the situation caused by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam in Kherson region by Russians. He emphasized the importance of bringing the aggressor to justice. Olena Zelenska met with Vice-President of the European Commission Margaritis Schinas 15 June 2023 - 20:21 The interlocutors discussed cooperation in healthcare, education and protection of Ukrainian IDPs. These areas are a priority in the work of the Vice-President of the European Commission. By supporting Ukraine, the world supports protection from war, because the source of aggression is outside our borders - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the Federal Assembly and the people of the Swiss Confederation 15 June 2023 - 19:49 We are now defending ourselves against aggression that replicates the worst wars of the past and seeks the best technologies of our time to terrorize people, states, and even continents. Nothing but unity can stop it. 1 2 ... 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine