10 captures 15 Apr 2024 - 23 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240415125108/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majbutnye-ukrayini-ta-analog-planu-marshalla-prezident-zustr-90273 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Assistance to Ukraine is Still Limited, and Russia Still Has Access to Missile Components – Address by the President 14 April 2024 - 20:42 View all videos n latest news Assistance to Ukraine is Still Limited, and Russia Still Has Access to Missile Components – Address by the President 14 April 2024 - 20:39 Germany Will Provide Us With Another Patriot System, And We Are Working on an Additional IRIS-T System — Address of the President of Ukraine 13 April 2024 - 20:47 The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Call with Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz 13 April 2024 - 16:51 Thanks to You, Everyone in the World Can See the Strength of Our Country — The President Congratulated the Employees of the Defense and Industrial Complex 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Ukraine's Defense and Industrial Complex Employees Day 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Future of Ukraine and the Marshall Plan Analogy: the President Met with Students in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 20:50 During his working visit to Chernivtsi, the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with students of Yuriy Fedkovych Chernivtsi National University, Bukovinian State Medical University and Chernivtsi Institute of Trade and Economic of State University of Trade and Economics. The Head of State spoke with Ukrainian youth about our country, its future, and the work on the analogy of the Marshall Plan for Ukraine. The President said that the main issue of this plan is the restoration of Ukraine: its energy, technology, and economy. According to preliminary estimates, this will require about $700 billion. However, the amount is not final. "We do not know the real amounts because the war is not over yet. When it is over, we will analyze everything. Basically, the partners agree that everyone will help rebuild Ukraine, that the amounts are, let's say, understandable and affordable. Let's believe in the decency of our partners and hope that they will accept what they say and not just say it," he noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is also confident that Ukraine will become a member of the EU and NATO in the coming years. "NATO is our external defense and, of course, the best security commitment. But I am also convinced that we will strengthen our internal defense. We will strengthen our security at the borders, in the cities, in the communities. In the future, there will be a completely different approach to both security and construction," the President of Ukraine said. The Head of State added that once the war is over, our country will also pursue the development of various areas of education: medicine, psychology, security, and construction. Ukraine will need specialists in these fields. v Videos ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernivtsi Region 12 April 2024 - 17:25 ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Chernivtsi Region 12 April 2024 - 17:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine