1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052723/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=32 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President set a task to develop a program for the revival of the research fleet of Ukraine, which will include the construction of 36 research vessels 29 October 2021 - 13:37 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy set a task for the government to develop a full-fledged long-term program for the revival of Ukraine's research fleet. The Head of State said this during a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Odesa. President is on a working trip to the Odesa region 29 October 2021 - 11:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a working trip to the Odesa region. The Head of State will take part in a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Vice-President and Head of the Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs 28 October 2021 - 22:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice-President,Head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Ignazio Cassis. The interlocutors discussed preparations for the 5th Conference on Reforms in Ukraine, which will be held on July 4-5, 2022 in the Swiss city of Lugano. On the Day of Expulsion of Nazi Invaders from Ukraine, the President laid flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier 28 October 2021 - 10:40 On the 77th anniversary of the expulsion of Nazi invaders from Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in honoring the memory of warriors who gave their lives for the liberation of their homeland during World War II. The struggle against the further spread of COVID-19 in Ukraine was discussed at a meeting with the President 25 October 2021 - 16:07 The situation with the growing incidence of COVID-19 and the measures taken by the authorities to counter the pandemic were discussed by participants of a traditional conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President considered the issue of intensifying vaccination against COVID-19 22 October 2021 - 21:48 The National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy considered measures to counter the spread of COVID-19 in our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council to discuss the start of the heating season 22 October 2021 - 21:35 Under the chairmanship of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council was held, at which the issues of automating the start of the heating season and providing assistance to the Republic of Moldova in the energy sphere were considered. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Israel 21 October 2021 - 21:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of the State of Israel Naftali Bennett. Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Main Training Center of the State Border Service in the Cherkasy region: Development and reform of the border service is our common task 20 October 2021 - 18:51 "We must have a very clear understanding of the strategically important place of the State Border Service, our border intelligence in matters of protection and security of the state and citizens of Ukraine. Therefore, comprehensive development and reform of the border service is our common task, as a professional, motivated and selfless border guard is the key to border security and state protection," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech to border guards. "Large construction": President observed the new indoor pool in Zolotonosha and the infrastructure development plans of the Cherkasy region 20 October 2021 - 15:31 In the city of Zolotonosha, Cherkasy region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska observed the new indoor pool at the gymnasium named after S. Sklyarenko built within the Large Construction National Program. 1 2 ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine