1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033130/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=103 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Today, Ukraine began to mark the first anniversary of the first victorious battles of the full-scale war that made the occupier flee - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 March 2023 - 22:29 Together, we are returning Ukraine to Ukraine. Together, we are protecting our future, our dignity, our freedom, and our history. Joint Statement on Special Global Partnership between Ukraine and Japan 21 March 2023 - 22:07 The leaders condemned in the strongest possible terms the illegal, unjustifiable and unprovoked aggression by Russia against Ukraine. The leaders shared the view that Russia's aggression against Ukraine undermines the very foundation of the international order based on the rule of law, constitutes a grave violation of the basic principles enshrined in the UN Charter. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Fumio Kishida: Ukraine-Japan partnership strengthens global security and brings peace closer 21 March 2023 - 20:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida, who arrived in our country on a visit. Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary General of the International Chamber of Commerce John Denton 21 March 2023 - 18:53 Ihor Zhovkva emphasized the important role of the International Chamber of Commerce as the world's largest business association in supporting Ukraine's private sector, in particular SMEs. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 March 2023 - 15:16 The participants heard a report from the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine on the operational situation on the main frontline directions. The commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops reported on the course of hostilities within the areas of responsibility of the operational and strategic groups of troops "Khortytsia", "Tavria", "Odesa" and "North". President: The liberation of Moshchun was one of the turning points of our struggle and the beginning of the enemy’s end 21 March 2023 - 14:10 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a ceremony of honoring the memory of the defenders of Ukraine perished during the defense and liberation of Moshchun village in Kyiv region from Russian invaders. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 20 March 2023 - 23:07 The Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the importance of providing the Ukrainian defense forces with the additional weapons and ammunition as soon as possible. Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:36 Our European partners have agreed on a joint plan to accelerate the supply of shells for our artillery. This is a strategic step. It gives us confidence in our unity, in the immutability of the movement towards victory over the terrorist state. First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 This is the fifth vessel to deliver Ukrainian grain to Africa as part of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program established to overcome the global food crisis, particularly in countries most affected by hunger. The Ukrainian Center, established at the initiative of Olena Zelenska and Diana Nausėdienė, has been operating in Vilnius for over nine months now 20 March 2023 - 14:11 According to Olena Zelenska, the Ukrainian Center, which operates on the basis of the Pedagogical Academy of Vytautas Magnus University, hosts various cultural events, training courses, speaking clubs (English, Lithuanian and Ukrainian), and creative workshops every day. 1 2 ... 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine