2 captures 14 May 2024 - 22 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240514185003/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/legkovazhnist-shodo-zasobiv-zahistu-vid-koronavirusu-nese-ve-61497?fbclid=IwAR0UDwhS-v_uqSCWMA9rreueYBUjUcPmaYYyWnSb_uTOTCD_lKPkgwRMTMM Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Warriors Destroy the Occupier Who Is Trying to Advance: Everything is Quite Tense — Address by the President 14 May 2024 - 19:43 View all videos n latest news Our Warriors Destroy the Occupier Who Is Trying to Advance: Everything is Quite Tense — Address by the President 14 May 2024 - 19:39 Ukraine and Luxembourg Have Launched Negotiations on a Security Agreement 14 May 2024 - 17:58 Global Peace Summit: France and South Korea Have Confirmed Their Participation 14 May 2024 - 16:53 President of Ukraine Met with U.S. Secretary of State 14 May 2024 - 15:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Thoughtlessness regarding coronavirus protection means poses great threats - President 5 June 2020 - 13:05 For the third day in a row, the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 is growing in Ukraine. This was announced by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal at a traditional meeting on combating the spread of coronavirus chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The government emphasizes: if this trend continues, the mitigation of quarantine could worsen the epidemiological situation in the country. "People need to be reminded that thoughtlessness regarding coronavirus protection means poses great threats during the COVID-19 epidemic. It is difficult to find a balance between returning to a normal life and safety. The invisible danger is the worst, because today you do not see the point in the mask, and tomorrow the number of patients will grow," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The government is still following the chosen plan to ease the restrictive measures, but in the event of a serious deterioration of the epidemiological situation, the schedule may be changed. At the same time, the Joint Forces Operation Headquarters announced that they were preparing to open checkpoints on the delimitation line on June 10. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine