1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033137/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=84 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Joint Declaration by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová and President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel 28 April 2023 - 17:58 Presidents of Ukraine, the Slovak Republic and the Czech Republic met on 28 April 2023 in Kyiv, where three heads of states issued the following Joint Declaration. President held meetings with the Presidents of the Czech Republic and Slovakia 28 April 2023 - 16:04 ​President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held meetings with President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel and President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová who are on a visit to our country. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office informed G7 ambassadors of the draft tax reform 28 April 2023 - 12:46 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Rostyslav Shurma started a series of meetings with ambassadors of the G7 countries to inform them of our country's plans to improve the business environment for investors and increase the level of investment attractiveness of Ukraine. We will keep working for the return of all deported Ukrainian children and for the punishment of Russia - address by the President of Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 21:51 A resolution was adopted recognizing that Russia's deportation of Ukrainian children has evidence of genocide. This is the first recognition of this fact at the level of such a high international organization uniting the states of our continent. Andriy Yermak discussed with advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Romania the issue of security guarantees for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 20:29 On the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with foreign policy advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Romania. Olena Zelenska spoke at the PACE debate on the resolution on Ukrainian children forcibly displaced by Russia 27 April 2023 - 19:57 During the meeting, a report was heard and a draft resolution was adopted on the situation of Ukrainian civilians, including children, forcibly displaced or resettled to the Russian Federation or to the Ukrainian territories under the effective control of the Russian Federation. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 27 April 2023 - 12:14 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny emphasized the importance of continuing active support of the Ukrainian army by partners, including the supply of weapons and ammunition. Andriy Yermak held a briefing on defense issues for the UK delegation led by Timothy Barrow 27 April 2023 - 10:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a briefing on countering a full-scale Russian invasion for the UK delegation led by National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. President and Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom discussed enhancement of defense support for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 08:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. Now there is an opportunity to give new impetus to relations between Ukraine and China - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 April 2023 - 22:25 There is an opportunity to use China's political influence to restore the strength of the principles and rules on which peace should be based. 1 2 ... 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine