1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221552/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – A ceremony of returning cultural property stolen from the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine was held in Washington with the participation of the President 21 September 2023 - 23:20 In the presence of the Head of State, U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas and Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova signed the relevant certificate of transfer of Ukrainian artifacts confiscated by U.S. law enforcement agencies. Memoranda of cooperation in the defense industry were signed in the presence of the President of Ukraine 21 September 2023 - 22:47 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, memoranda of cooperation and development of joint projects were signed between the Ministry for Strategic Industries of Ukraine, the Global Defense & Industry Alliance, the Arizona Defense & Industry Coalition, and the Utah Aerospace and Defense Association. President and First Lady of Ukraine paid tribute to the victims of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attack in the United States 21 September 2023 - 21:34 The presidential couple was accompanied by U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the U.S. Secretary of Defense at the Pentagon 21 September 2023 - 21:17 The main topic of negotiations was further provision of Ukraine with the necessary military support to counter Russian aggression. The aid has already reached $46 billion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leaders of the Democratic and Republican parties in the U.S. Senate and senators 21 September 2023 - 21:00 The Head of State noted that the meeting was another confirmation of the strategic partnership between the two states. In Washington, President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives with the participation of leaders of parties 21 September 2023 - 19:18 The Head of State noted that Ukraine is sincerely grateful to the House of Representatives, Congress, both parties, the President of the United States, his administration and the entire American people for their unwavering support. Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Atlantic Council Global Citizen Award on behalf of the Ukrainian people 21 September 2023 - 15:43 The highest award of the Atlantic Council was presented to the Head of State in May this year in Kyiv. The official award ceremony took place in New York. Olena Zelenska at the opening of the UNESCO exhibition: Our cultural heritage is our soul, which no war can kill 21 September 2023 - 02:23 The First Lady, together with UNESCO Director-General Audrey Azoulay and with the participation of Prime Minister of Albania Edi Rama, Prime Minister of Malta Robert Abela and President of Portugal Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, opened the UNESCO exhibition "Building Peace and Resilience through Culture: The Intersection of Culture, Crisis and Sustainable Development." Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz 21 September 2023 - 00:06 The Head of State thanked Germany for a significant long-term support for Ukraine in countering Russian aggression, particularly noting the recent defense packages provided by Germany and the contribution to reinforcing the air defense of our country. Head of State had a meeting with the President of the European Commission, the President of Romania and the Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria 20 September 2023 - 23:26 The talks in this format were primarily focused on preserving the single market principle and free access of Ukrainian agricultural products to the EU market. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine