22 captures 28 Jun 2022 - 01 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220628133423/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-moldovi-76081 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Constitution Day of Ukraine 28 June 2022 - 09:08 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with American actor and director Sean Penn 28 June 2022 - 16:15 Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Constitution Day of Ukraine 28 June 2022 - 09:02 Russia has become the largest terrorist organization in the world, and this must be a legal fact - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2022 - 22:39 Ukraine will respond accordingly to threats from Transnistria - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 June 2022 - 18:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine met with the President of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 18:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu, who is on a visit to our country. The President of Ukraine noted the significance of Maia Sandu's visit immediately after the European Union made a historic decision to grant Ukraine and Moldova the status of EU candidates. "I am confident that thanks to the success of European integration, our countries will become even closer. We will definitely share our experience on the way to full membership in the European Union," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed during a meeting with media representatives following talks with the President of Moldova in Kyiv. According to him, both countries have threats based on Russian aggression and Russian policy, so the responses of Ukraine and Moldova to these threats should be common. The President noted that Maia Sandu visited the Kyiv region today and saw the consequences of a full-scale Russian invasion. "We must do everything possible together so that Russian aggression cannot threaten anyone in Europe anymore - neither Ukraine, nor Moldova, nor any other country," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Moldova should strengthen cooperation in the humanitarian sphere, economy, energy, politics, cross-border cooperation, as well as cooperation in the security sphere, which is now a priority. In particular, during the negotiations the parties discussed resistance to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the Transnistrian issue settlement. "Ukraine is the guarantor of this settlement and will actively help Moldova in the future," the Ukrainian Head of State stressed. The Presidents also discussed the issue of Ukrainian transit through the territory of the Republic of Moldova, energy cooperation, which is extremely important for the whole of Europe to achieve independence from Russian energy resources. "After the successful connection of the energy systems of Ukraine and Moldova to the common continental European energy system, today we have many new opportunities in the market of the so-called energy EU and in bilateral cooperation. Our common task is to make the most of these new opportunities," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In addition, the parties agreed to create new transit routes and expand the export transit potential, in particular by facilitating the border crossing between the two countries. "I confirmed to Mrs. President that Ukraine is ready to help with the reconstruction of the Moldovan railway. We also agreed to start the reconstruction of the Berezyne-Basarabeasca railway section to enhance the transport potential of both countries,” the President of Ukraine said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Maia Sandu for the decision to send a sapper unit to help with demining in Ukraine, as well as for helping Ukrainians who were seeking protection from Russian aggression in Moldova. "Our nations feel that only together can we overcome threats of such magnitude as the Russian Federation has created against us," he said. For her part, President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu noted that her country highly appreciates the feat of the Ukrainian people, who are fighting for freedom and the future. "Fighting for their freedom, Ukrainians are also fighting for their neighbors in Europe. We in Moldova understand and deeply appreciate this," she said. Maia Sandu stressed that Moldovan government institutions, charitable foundations, volunteer groups and ordinary citizens have joined forces to help people who fled Ukraine because of the war. The Moldovan government has also provided humanitarian assistance to Vinnytsia, Odesa, Chernivtsi, and the Mykolaiv region. She noted that Moldova is ready to provide support in the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine. According to the President of the Republic of Moldova, her country is also ready to assist Ukraine in the transit of goods whose exports have been suspended due to the blockade of Ukrainian ports by Russia. Maia Sandu thanked Volodymyr Zelenskyy for the development of Ukrainian-Moldovan bilateral relations and congratulated Ukraine on receiving the status of a candidate for EU membership, emphasizing that this is a historic decision for both countries. The President of Moldova noted that during the meeting with the President of Ukraine they had agreed to cooperate in the implementation of reforms that would bring the membership of both countries in the European Union closer. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine