1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=43 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President held a meeting on the security and socio-economic situation in the Poltava region 18 April 2023 - 21:59 During a working trip to the Poltava region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the security, socio-economic and socio-political situation in the region. In the Poltava region, the President paid a visit to the wounded servicemen in the hospital and presented awards 18 April 2023 - 21:50 The President talked to the warriors and presented them with state awards. For the personal courage and selfless actions shown in the defense of the state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, the defenders were awarded medals "For Military Service to Ukraine". Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives 18 April 2023 - 21:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the interlocutor about the course of hostilities in the main frontline areas and about the urgent defense needs of our country, in particular in armored vehicles, long-range weapons, artillery, air defense and aircraft. President visited a hospital in the Donetsk region and awarded servicemen 18 April 2023 - 15:13 The President also spoke with the medical staff of the hospital and awarded representatives of the medical service of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with Orders of Danylo Halytsky for saving the lives of Ukrainian defenders. President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:33 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in Avdiivka. President holds meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 17 April 2023 - 14:04 Members of the Staff considered the issue of providing the defense forces of Ukraine with weapons and ammunition, in particular of own production. We must focus as much as possible on strengthening our defense capability – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with representatives of authorities, Ukrainian diplomats initiated by President of Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 08:28 Pursuant to instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting aimed at coordinating international support to ensure the urgent needs of the Ukrainian defense forces and accelerated strengthening of the state's defense capabilities. We must be aware of our strength, respect our potential and all those who provide it - President at the first celebration of the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:04 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiated the Day of the Defense and Industrial Complex Employee in Ukraine, which will be celebrated every year on April 13, and presented state awards to representatives of the domestic defense industry. President of Ukraine held a meeting with a delegation of senators from the United States of America 12 April 2023 - 20:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the bipartisan delegation of the Senate of the U.S. Congress including Joseph Manchin, Lisa Murkowski and Mark Kelly. President of Ukraine received the Order of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria "Honor of the Nation" and the Order of Dzhokhar Dudayev 12 April 2023 - 16:51 The head of the Ukrainian state was honored for outstanding merits and selfless actions for the sake of freedom and democracy throughout the world and for personal merits to the Chechen people. 1 2 ... 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine