7 captures 06 Mar 2024 - 28 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 06 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240306114630/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-iz-sannoyu-marin-89533 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, the International Criminal Court has taken another step: arrest warrants for the commanders of Russian murderers – Long-Range Aviation and Black Sea Fleet – address by the President of Ukraine 5 March 2024 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak met with Sanna Marin 6 March 2024 - 12:48 Today, the International Criminal Court has taken another step: arrest warrants for the commanders of Russian murderers – Long-Range Aviation and Black Sea Fleet – address by the President of Ukraine 5 March 2024 - 19:18 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 5 March 2024 - 11:45 Ukraine has started negotiations with Spain on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 4 March 2024 - 20:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 1 March 2024 - 13:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Sanna Marin 6 March 2024 - 12:48 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with former Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin, who is a member of the International Working Group on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine. The meeting was also attended by advisors to the Head of the President's Office Dariia Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz. Andriy Yermak thanked Sanna Marin for her efforts to support Ukraine, in particular within the International Working Group and the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, with a delegation of which she arrived on a visit to Ukraine. "You know that in Ukraine you are highly esteemed for what you do for our country. And we are always happy to welcome you," he said. The Head of the Office of the President informed the interlocutor about the situation at the front and Russia's recent attack on apartment buildings in Odesa with the use of Shahed drones, which killed 12 people, including five children. He emphasized the importance of continued support for Ukraine from its partners, including financial, defense, and political support. The support of each of the world leaders is important, said Andriy Yermak. He also noted Sanna Marin's joining the International Working Group on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine. "It is very important that you have joined this group. We expect it to deliver great results for Ukraine and the entire collective security of the Euro-Atlantic region," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak expressed his belief that Ukraine's invitation to join the Alliance will not lead to escalation, but rather will be a testament to the strength of Western democracies. The Head of the President's Office also informed Sanna Marin about the preparation of the first Global Peace Summit in Switzerland and cooperation in this regard with key partners and countries of the Global South. The parties also discussed nuclear safety issues. Sanna Marin, for her part, noted that apart from cooperation with the International Security Group, she and representatives of the Tony Blair Institute assist Ukraine in EU integration. According to the former Finnish Prime Minister, she will meet with representatives of the Ukrainian government and visit a number of facilities to this end. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine