12 captures 05 Mar 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230305142856/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-razom-iz-komandoyu-svoyeyi-fundaciyi-vidvidal-81453 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are gathering as much as possible support for Tribunal over Russia's aggression against Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 March 2023 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska and the team of her Foundation visited a family-type children's home in the Lviv region and handed over humanitarian aid 5 March 2023 - 12:14 Olena Zelenska at United for Justice conference: The victim is never responsible for the crime, only the offender is responsible 4 March 2023 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in meeting of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities: We all together ensure Ukraine's invincibility, and it is priority 4 March 2023 - 20:46 The Cabinet of Ministers in March will prepare the decisions our communities need for budget sustainability – address of the President of Ukraine 4 March 2023 - 17:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 3 March 2023 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska and the team of her Foundation visited a family-type children's home in the Lviv region and handed over humanitarian aid 5 March 2023 - 12:14 The First Lady of Ukraine and the team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation visited the Paskevych family-type children's home in the Lviv region. Family-type children's homes are families that take in five to ten children deprived of parental care and provide them with a family atmosphere. Since the beginning of its activities, the Foundation has been taking care of such children's homes all over Ukraine. The team communicates directly with the families, and therefore understands their needs and provides targeted assistance based on specific requests. This time, Olena Zelenska and her colleagues from the Foundation personally handed over the aid and learned the story of the Paskevych family. "These children have already lost their family and security once and found them with foster parents. And now, because of the war, their childhood is under threat again. The children need a home. And parents need the opportunity to protect their extraordinary families. We are simply obliged to support people who help so much on their own," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The story of this family-type children's home began in 2012. Since then, parents Oksana and Viacheslav have raised ten children. Now the Paskevychs have eight foster children and five biological sons. Before the full-scale invasion, the family lived near Kryvyi Rih. There, the Paskevychs had a cozy house, a large farm, and their own cheese factory. In March, the family was forced to abandon their normal life and move to the Lviv region. In a conversation with the First Lady and the Foundation's team, Oksana shared how difficult it was to find housing for such a large family. Now the Paskevychs live in a rented house. Their entire life fits into a few suitcases. Despite this, the parents are trying to ensure that their children have a childhood as much as possible. To help them, the Olena Zelenska Foundation provided them with the most necessary household items. Supporting family-type children's homes is one of the Foundation's permanent activities, which the First Lady personally oversees. The Foundation's team will continue to provide assistance to family-type children's homes to support families affected by the war. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine