9 captures 31 Jul 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230731191441/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/braziliya-ta-prezident-lula-da-silva-mogli-b-dopomogti-v-rea-84641 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To protect the lives of Ukrainians, our military must have enough long-range weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2023 - 21:14 View all videos n latest news To protect the lives of Ukrainians, our military must have enough long-range weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2023 - 21:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 First Lady of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Qatar discussed the construction of shelters in schools and the reconstruction of the Izyum hospital 31 July 2023 - 09:12 Andriy Yermak: Next week, Ukraine will start negotiations with the United States on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 30 July 2023 - 18:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that Brazil and President Lula da Silva could do a lot to end the war in Ukraine, in particular, help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The Head of State said this in an interview with a journalist from Globo. "I know that President Lula and the Brazilian society support Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Brazil must be a party to the implementation of the Peace Formula proposed by Ukraine, in particular the implementation of the paragraph on global food security, because helping our country export agricultural products also means helping other countries that suffer from food shortages and may be on the verge of starvation. The President of Ukraine also believes that Brazil and its leader could help our country in the humanitarian sphere. For example, with special equipment for de-mining territories so that Ukrainian farmers would not be afraid to die in their fields while growing and harvesting crops. "I believe that today President Lula should use all his capabilities to bring peace closer. Every leader is responsible for whether there is a war in the world or not," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State said he would like to meet with his Brazilian counterpart. In his opinion, it is important for the President and the people of Brazil to hear him personally and receive truthful information about the events in our country. "Then the relations between our countries will only get better and stronger. I am sure our peoples are absolutely interested in this," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. According to the Head of State, the position of Brazil and other Latin American countries is very important for Ukraine today. According to him, President Lula da Silva could play a leading role in organizing a multilateral meeting between Ukraine and Latin American leaders so that they could learn more about our country. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine