14 captures 21 May 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230521031657/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-yevropejci-otzhe-mi-diyemo-na-povnu-silu-koli-treba-zahis-82945 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We attract as many countries and leaders as possible for the sake of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 May 2023 - 18:21 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Indonesia in Japan 21 May 2023 - 05:01 President of Ukraine met with Prime Minister of Canada in Hiroshima 21 May 2023 - 04:31 We attract as many countries and leaders as possible for the sake of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 May 2023 - 18:18 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Federal Chancellor of Germany in Japan 20 May 2023 - 16:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life – speech by the President of Ukraine at the opening of the Fourth Summit of the Council of Europe 16 May 2023 - 23:14 Thank you so much! Prime Minister Jakobsdóttir, dear Katrin, thank you for invitation to participate in the Summit of our Council of Europe and for your sincere desire to help Ukraine. Dear leaders of Europe! Today, Ukraine went through a difficult challenge – an intense Russian missile attack. Such challenges are what we all have to pay attention to now. At three o'clock in the morning, our people woke up to explosions... Eighteen Russian missiles of different types were in our sky – in particular, ballistic ones, which the terrorist state has boasted about. We were told such missiles would bring a guaranteed death, because they are supposedly impossible to shoot down. Russia used ballistics, cruise missiles, drones at the same time – to make it especially difficult for our air defence to save lives. But all lives were protected – all missiles were shot down, including ballistic ones. One hundred percent! This is a historical result. Thank you all! Russia is trying very hard to improve its ability to kill. We are trying very hard to improve the protection of our people. And I thank all the countries and leaders who help us to improve our air defence! All together we are showing what our one hundred percent mean, and what the power of the free world means. And of course I thank every our soldier who makes this job done – in our skies and on our land, and especially I thank each and every one who trains our warriors in different train missions which are all similar in one point – in success. Thanks to all of them! Thanks to all of you! A year ago, we were not able to shoot down most of the terrorists' missiles, especially ballistic ones. And I am asking one thing now: if we’re able to do this, is there anything we can't do when we’re united and determined to protect lives? The answer is that we, in unity, will give one hundred percent in any field – when we have a goal to protect our people and our Europe. Of course, there is still much to be done. Ukraine's territory is big, and to make air defence results like last night's the rule throughout the country, we need additional air defence systems and missiles. We also need modern fighter jets, without which no air defence system will be perfect. And I am sure we will get there. One hundred percent should be our benchmark. We must leave zero percent to the aggressor! One hundred percent of success of defence operations is guaranteed by weapons and training of our soldiers. I thank everyone who strengthens our defense! One hundred percent of success of sanctions is guaranteed by honesty in every state policy. I am grateful to all those who treat the fight against terror in this way – honestly! One hundred percent of success of our Peace Formula is guaranteed by diplomacy. I thank everyone who helps us unite the world to implement the Peace Formula, the only realistic peace plan! And of course one hundred percent of justice, as there will be no reliable peace without justice. I thank the Council of Europe – each and every of you personally! – for the decision on the Register of Damages caused by Russia's aggression. This brings closer the creation of a full-fledged Compensation Mechanism that will show the world that aggression is not worth even thinking about. There should also be a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression – so that those, whose heads this terror was born in, are brought to responsibility. I am sure that we will provide this result for one hundred percent. Europe has been waiting for such times – times when leaders would act in one hundred percent unity and with one hundred percent results for the sake of protecting Europe, for the sake of our common values. And finally this is what we are achieving now! Ukraine, all of Europe, and everyone who is currently at this Summit and who helps us. We are Europeans, so we are free. We are Europeans, so we value peace. We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life. Let these be forever the rules of our continent! Thank you for support! Cлава Україні! Glory to all Europe! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine