1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408183821/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-04-2021&date-to=08-04-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the development of the Ukrainian economy in wartime 2 April 2022 - 16:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the economic blocs of the Office of the President and the Cabinet of Ministers. The parties discussed the state of the Ukrainian economy in the second month of our country's resistance to Russia's military invasion, as well as considered forecasts for its development in the near future. Europe has no right to react in silence to what is happening with our Mariupol - address by the President of Ukraine 2 April 2022 - 01:17 Now we cannot think that we have already passed all the tests. We all strive for victory. But when it comes everyone will see it. Everyone will feel that peace is coming. President of Ukraine met with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola in Kyiv 2 April 2022 - 00:36 The interlocutors discussed the coordination of European parliaments in support of Ukraine. The world must learn to live without Russian energy, through which Russia finances the terrible war in Ukraine - Oleh Ustenko and Simon Johnson 1 April 2022 - 18:29 According to the authors, Vladimir Putin underestimated the horror his invasion of Ukraine would create, especially in Europe. The European Union will certainly no longer risk its national security by importing Russian energy. Both the United States and the EU have all the tools they need to stop Russia from being a leading player in world energy markets. All military-industrial complex enterprises must work non-stop today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukroboronprom Director General 1 April 2022 - 13:35 "Today, all enterprises of the military-industrial complex must work 24/7. To repel Russia's aggression, the Armed Forces of Ukraine need effective work of every employee in the industry," Andriy Yermak stressed. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine has proved to everyone that it is an important player that needs to be respected 1 April 2022 - 13:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak noted that today Ukraine is not only defending itself from Russian aggression - it is protecting the whole European world. So Europe must help. He said this in an interview to leading international media - The New Yorker, Bild and Le Monde. We all equally want to win, but there will be battles ahead - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 April 2022 - 00:05 This is a war for our lives, in which we have only one way - to gain peace for Ukraine. To gain Ukraine's security. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Federal Parliament of Belgium 31 March 2022 - 16:55 You have already warmly welcomed more than 30,000 Ukrainians who left their homes because of this war. But it is you, as the heart of Europe, who can inspire all other Europeans to do more. To help us drive the occupiers out of Ukraine and restore the precious peace. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the States General of the Netherlands 31 March 2022 - 13:31 Tyranny must lose. Tyranny must always lose. And for that to happen, freedom must get all the weapons it needs to win, to defend itself. Ukraine is grateful for the support it has already received from you. But the war is so intense, Russian troops are so active that we need more. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Australian Parliament 31 March 2022 - 11:38 Your state has given Ukraine a special status of a like-minded country. But we are not only related in our thoughts - we are also related in our dreams. Therefore, I invite your beautiful country to look closely at our southern regions, at our coasts of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 109 110 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine