1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=35 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Giving Ukraine a European perspective will be a logical and expected step - President 12 October 2021 - 14:03 Giving a European perspective to Ukraine, which shares common values with the European Union, will be a logical and expected step, and in order to achieve this goal, our country will work hard with all EU countries. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit. Joint statement following the 23rd EU-Ukraine Summit 12 October 2021 - 13:08 Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine, Charles Michel, President of the European Council and Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, met in Kyiv today for the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit and issued the following statement. A number of documents were signed in the framework of the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit, in particular the Common Aviation Area Agreement 12 October 2021 - 12:43 A number of documents were signed during the 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit in Kyiv on October 12 in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. The 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit has started in Kyiv with the participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the EU leadership 12 October 2021 - 09:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen have started the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit in Kyiv. President of Ukraine discussed with the Chancellor of Germany and the President of France the issue of achieving peace in Donbas 11 October 2021 - 19:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Federal Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel and President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron. The incidence of COVID-19 is growing, but lockdown can be avoided through vaccination and compliance with quarantine restrictions - meeting with the President 11 October 2021 - 16:00 The situation with the spread of COVID-19 in Ukraine, accelerating the vaccination process and combating forgery of PCR tests and vaccination certificates was discussed by participants of the conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on combating the COVID-19 pandemic. The 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit will take place on October 12 in Kyiv 11 October 2021 - 14:05 The 23rd Ukraine-European Union Summit will take place on October 12 in Kyiv. The event will be chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Members of the competition commission for the election of the head of the SAP must perform their duties - President 9 October 2021 - 15:37 "There can be no adequate explanation why the competition for the election of a new head of the SAP is delayed. All members of the competition commission must do their job and elect a new head of the SAP, as it should be in accordance with the best international practices," said President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President of Ukraine: We must remember Babyn Yar for the peaceful and happy future of our children 6 October 2021 - 22:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena, as well as foreign heads of state, took part in ceremonial events dedicated to the 80th anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, which took place at the Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial Center in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Federal President of Germany 6 October 2021 - 19:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal President of the Federal Republic of Germany Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is on a visit to our country to participate in the events dedicated to the 80th anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine