11 captures 13 Aug 2023 - 08 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230813032632/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-zambiyi-realizaciyu-84829 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is important that every week Russia sees new international activity in support of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 August 2023 - 21:24 View all videos n latest news It is important that every week Russia sees new international activity in support of Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 August 2023 - 21:21 Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 12 August 2023 - 12:34 Andriy Yermak holds fifth meeting on implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions 12 August 2023 - 09:00 President at Ukrainian Youth Forum: Unbreakable are not those who do not get tired, but those who add every day to joint efforts for victory 11 August 2023 - 21:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine and President of Zambia discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula and prolongation of the "grain corridor" 11 August 2023 - 15:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of Zambia Hakainde Hichilema. The Head of State thanked his colleague for visiting Kyiv and Bucha in June this year together with other African leaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Zambia to participate in the implementation of the Peace Formula, in particular, to join the next meeting at the level of diplomatic advisors, as well as the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. "The Peace Formula is now more relevant than ever. This is the only way to a just peace and stability in the world that can be taken as a basis. And we are actively working with partners to prepare the Global Peace Summit," the President of Ukraine noted. The leaders of Ukraine and Zambia also discussed the need to prolong the Black Sea Grain Initiative and agreed that it is inadmissible to use food as a weapon. "Together, we must put an end to Russian attempts to use food as a weapon, as well as to Russian blackmail of the world with hunger and high food prices," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. In addition, the heads of state touched upon the issue of holding the Ukraine – Africa Summit and discussed cooperation in the context of other upcoming international events. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine