13 captures 18 Jun 2023 - 20 Feb 2026 May JUN Jul 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230618173830/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nihto-ne-mozhe-pochuvatisya-zahishenim-poki-rosiya-namagayet-83649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 22:02 View all videos n latest news I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 21:58 Olena Zelenska Foundation implements project to provide teachers with laptops for distance learning 17 June 2023 - 16:27 Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Union of the Comoros Azali Assoumani, President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa, President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall, President of the Republic of Zambia Hakainde Hichilema and Prime Minister of the Arab Republic of Egypt Mostafa Madbouly, who arrived in our country with a visit. Special envoys of the presidents of the Republic of Congo and the Republic of Uganda Florent Ntsiba and Ruhakana Rugunda also took part in the meeting. Welcoming the delegation of African countries to Ukraine, Zelenskyy said that the voice of the African continent should be heard by the world, in particular, when it comes to fundamental security issues and restoration of the real force of the UN Charter and the entire system of international law. "Unfortunately, this day began with another Russian terrorist attack against Ukraine. Russian cruise and ballistic missiles today showed Russia's real disdain for efforts to restore peace and for all world leaders, who are trying to protect the world from aggression. Russia is the only source of war and the only reason why the consequences of this war harm the whole world, different nations on all continents. No one can feel that their borders are protected, and the safety of their people is guaranteed, while Russia is trying to make aggression and theft of foreign lands a global norm," the Ukrainian Head of State said. He said that the cessation of Russian terror and the withdrawal of Russian troops from the entire territory of Ukraine is the only thing capable of stopping this war. "Ukraine and the whole world do not need either "frozen" conflicts or wars on a slow burner. Peace is needed," Zelenskyy is convinced. In particular, during the meeting in Kyiv, he presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula to the leaders of African countries and informed them about how the specific points of the Formula will lead to the restoration of full security for Ukraine and all other states and nations that in one way or another suffer from the consequences of Russian aggression. "Food security, radiation security, maritime security, stability of global markets, and social peace in the world – all this is possible only when there is no aggression and when the Peace Formula is implemented. All the nations of the world deserve to live freely, without imposing an alien will politically or by military means," the Head of State said. He thanked all meeting participants for supporting the principle of territorial integrity of states and the protection of nations from aggression. "Today, I saw the prospect of our joint work on specific points of the Peace Formula. Of course, I invited African states to participate in the Global Peace Summit, which we are preparing," Zelenskyy added. The head of the Ukrainian state also said that today, the presidents, the head of the government, and high-ranking representatives of African countries visited Bucha, Kyiv region, and saw the consequences of the Russian occupation. "Today, I called on the participants of our meeting to present their vision of how to overcome the consequences of the crimes committed by Russia and prevent any repetition. In particular, this is also the crime of mass deportation of Ukrainian children – they are stolen from the occupied regions and are being held in Russia," the President of Ukraine said. During the talks, the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovka HPP and its consequences for people, the environment, and infrastructure facilities, in particular for the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, which Russian troops have been occupying for over a year and are using as a cover for shelling Ukrainian cities, were discussed. "Radiation knows no borders between states and can reach any continent. Only the de-occupation of the Zaporizhzhia NPP and its return to Ukrainian control can guarantee reliable protection against radiation incidents at the plant. I called on the participants of our meeting to present their vision of how to achieve this when the only thing that interests Russia is the increase in the production of missiles for terror and new crimes against people and the international order, against nature and the UN Charter," Zelenskyy said. He said that the Russian leadership perceives any negotiations as an opportunity to accumulate strength and expand aggression, and Ukraine has already been convinced of this. "I will reiterate: we need real peace, and therefore, a real withdrawal of Russian troops from our entire independent territory," the President said. In addition, during the meeting, the parties discussed the issue of global food security, in which Ukraine has already demonstrated its global strength. Zelenskyy presented the results of two export initiatives: the Black Sea Grain Initiative and the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program to the participants of the negotiations. "We really help the world, and specifically – many nations of Africa, Asia, and Europe, to maintain social stability and price predictability on the food market thanks to our exports. Together with our partners, we are working on grain hubs in Africa. The food supply must be reliably guaranteed, and the right of every person to food must be ensured, despite any efforts of states like Russia to use the threat of hunger and social instability to blackmail people," the President said. He asked the meeting participants to present their vision of what can be done together to better ensure global food security and, in particular, create grain hubs. According to the Head of State, Ukraine also has particular proposals for developing the partner countries' human capital, primarily thanks to the digital stability of social and state institutions. "We are ready to substantially expand educational programs for students, in particular from the countries of the African continent," Zelenskyy said. "But first of all, we must restore the full force of the UN Charter and stop this brutal Russian aggression and free our land, our people from Russian imperial evil. Global efforts are needed for this, and I thank everyone who is capable of such efforts and helps Ukraine, and therefore, themselves, their own security," the President said. v Videos ph The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 ph The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine