1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033055/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=71 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida 21 May 2023 - 15:13 The President praised Fumio Kishida's personal leadership in mobilizing international support for Ukraine, particularly in the framework of Japan's G7 Presidency. President visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum and laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing 21 May 2023 - 13:53 ﻿﻿During a working visit to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum. In addition, the President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing. Andriy Yermak met with Jake Sullivan in Hiroshima 21 May 2023 - 11:54 During his visit to Japan as a member of the official Ukrainian delegation, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan on the instruction of the Head of State. President of Ukraine took part in the G7 Summit in Hiroshima 21 May 2023 - 11:04 In the Japanese city of Hiroshima, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the G7 Summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Joseph Biden in Japan 21 May 2023 - 10:36 The leaders discussed further cooperation to bolster the defense capabilities of our country, as well as the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of the Republic of Korea 21 May 2023 - 09:06 The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to the Republic of Korea for humanitarian and non-lethal assistance to our country, in particular for the provision of demining vehicles and protective equipment. Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the working session of the Summit "Towards a peaceful, stable and prosperous world" with the participation of G7 countries, Ukraine and partners 21 May 2023 - 08:19 We all have a chance to become co-authors of peace. This peace will not be for one country alone, just as this war is causing harm not only to Ukraine. We need global leadership of democracy - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at the session of the G7 Summit and Ukraine 21 May 2023 - 07:33 There have been attempts to ignore and disregard what we value. But now it is impossible. Now our power is growing. Anyone who might want to wage aggression against a democratic country sees what the response will be. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Indonesia in Japan 21 May 2023 - 05:01 Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the President of Indonesia to support Ukraine's efforts to return illegally deported children. President of Ukraine met with Prime Minister of Canada in Hiroshima 21 May 2023 - 04:31 The two leaders discussed topical issues on the bilateral agenda, paying special attention to further cooperation in the security and defense sector. 1 2 ... 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine