7 captures 09 Aug 2020 - 08 Feb 2023 Feb MAR Apr 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220327160606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zavzhdi-pidtrimuyemo-proekti-yaki-nadayut-robochi-miscya-62577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We always support projects that offer employment opportunities, improve image of Ukraine – President at meeting with investors 5 August 2020 - 19:57 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with investors who intend to implement a number of projects in Ukraine. In particular, representatives of Yom Capital Ltd. are planning to build a computing data center with a capacity of 1 GW, and representatives of NBT want to build a wind farm with a capacity of 800 MW and electrolysis-based hydrogen production facilities with a capacity of 200 MW in Zaporizhia region. The volume of investments attracted for the construction of the wind farm will amount to more than EUR 1.2 billion and for the production of hydrogen will be more than EUR 300 million. Also, the meeting was attended by a representative of H2 LLC, the project company. At the beginning of the event, the head of state said that now the authorities are working to build a new country. "A country with investments. When we talk about investments, we are not talking about money. First of all, we are talking about projects. Projects that make it possible to improve the image of Ukraine and offer employment opportunities," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He said that he always supports the steps that result in certain projects, and expressed his satisfaction that today's meeting is aimed specifically at building the future of Ukraine, in particular the development of Zaporizhia region. "It is very desirable that such meetings, which are held a lot, turn from theoretical to practical things," the President said. Chief Executive Officer of NBT Joar Viken fully agreed with the statement of the Head of State. He said that the practical part of the initiatives is the most important, and the conversation should be translated into projects. He recalled that NBT has been operating in Ukraine for many years and has already invested EUR 400 million and plans to make investments in the amount of EUR 1.2 billion this autumn. Viken said that the company adheres to strict international standards in its work, high standards of corporate and social responsibility, and is intolerant of corruption. "We need all these to bring investments to this country and work," he said. The CEO of NBT also said that the company will commit $15 million to the next social project in Zaporizhia. In addition, according to him, direct investments will be attracted to improve the power systems of Ukraine in the amount of more than EUR 140 million. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine