9 captures 02 Dec 2021 - 09 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071118/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kongres-miscevih-ta-regionalnih-vlad-ye-vazhlivim-majdanchik-68821 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Congress of Local and Regional Authorities is an important platform for interaction between the central government and local communities - Head of State 3 June 2021 - 15:37 During a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a session of the Chamber of Local Authorities of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President. He noted that the Congress is an important platform for cooperation between central authorities and local communities, which should help solve the pressing problems of the regions. The President noted that the first stage of the reform of the basic level of local self-government has been completed in Ukraine. "A large-scale work at the regional and subregional levels is ahead. A difficult process of changes to the Constitution of Ukraine regarding the administrative-territorial structure, changes to the Ukrainian legislation on local self-government, as well as to the Budget Code of Ukraine, is ahead," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He stressed that he is closely monitoring the process of transferring communal property to communities. The President stressed the importance of financial independence of local budgets and the capacity of local communities. In this context, the Head of State announced his intention to initiate, together with the government and parliament, bills to optimize the revenue of local budgets, in particular to improve the payment of land fees, real estate tax, personal income tax, single and transport taxes. "It's not about increasing these taxes, but about increasing the share that remains on the ground," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In addition, according to him, it is important to improve the mechanism of distribution of interbudgetary transfers on the basis of formulas enshrined in the Budget Code. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak announced that next week the Head of State will also take part in a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress, and the presidium of the Congress will work as an active body on a monthly basis. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko, who chaired the session, added that from now on the Office of the President will have a permanent Congress office to which any community leader can apply. Minister of Development of Communities and Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Chernyshov noted that the government has prepared several bills that provide for an increase in the funds of the State Fund for Regional Development. Work is also under way to pass draft laws that provide conditions for the development of industrial parks and attract private investment. According to Oleksiy Chernyshov, this year the Regional Development Fund is financing the creation of four industrial parks that will create new jobs and increase revenues of local budgets. One of the main topics during the meeting was the preparation of the regions for the heating season. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke in support of the proposal to write off the debts of the communal heating companies to Naftogaz of Ukraine. At the same time, the Head of State noted that, in accordance with Ukrainian legislation, gas prices must correspond to the market. "However, the state, as a shareholder, appealed to Naftogaz, and Naftogaz will introduce energy packages that would be the best in the whole of Europe," the President added. The participants of the meeting also touched upon the issue of transferring vocational schools to communal ownership. The President stressed the need to provide a more flexible system of vocational specialties taking into account the needs of the labor market and to assist local communities in issuing educational licenses for the required number of vocational students. The participants of the meeting also supported the main conceptual provisions of the reform of the system of architectural and construction control provided by the relevant bill, which is being considered by the Verkhovna Rada. In addition, a number of organizational issues were addressed. The participants of the meeting elected Mayor of Lviv Andriy Sadovyi chairman of the Chamber of Local Authorities of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Zhytomyr Mayor Serhiy Sukhomlyn and Dnipro Mayor Borys Filatov were elected his deputies. Andriy Sadovyi offered to introduce the rotation principle and the probationary period, which was set for him for six months. The participants of the meeting also included Oleksandr Slobozhan, Executive Director of the Association of Ukrainian Cities, in the presidium of the Congress, approved the composition of the counting commission and the secretariat of the Chamber meeting and approved the Rules of Procedure of the Chamber. ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 3 June 2021 - 12:00 ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 3 June 2021 - 12:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine