3 captures 24 May 2023 - 28 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230524031149/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chinnij-prezident-rf-izolyuye-svoyu-krayinu-svoyeyu-prisutni-82861 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The key task of our state is to strengthen Ukraine and enhance our defense capabilities – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 May 2023 - 22:26 View all videos n latest news The key task of our state is to strengthen Ukraine and enhance our defense capabilities – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 May 2023 - 22:24 Iuliia Sokolovska met with representatives of the Embassy of Switzerland 23 May 2023 - 19:09 ウクライナ大統領による日本国民へ向けた演説 23 May 2023 - 13:42 Olena Zelenska and human rights activist Nadia Murad visited Borodyanka 23 May 2023 - 13:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk region 23 May 2023 - 10:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Incumbent President of the Russian Federation isolates his country with his presence in the Kremlin – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2023 - 00:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the incumbent leader of the aggressor state, Vladimir Putin, is increasingly isolating the Russian Federation from the civilized world through his tenure as President and the continuation of his policy. The head of the Ukrainian state said this in an interview with Italian media representatives during an official visit to Italy. "He is definitely now far from that Russia which had connections with the civilized world. Today, he is isolated. With his presence in the Kremlin, he isolates people, their economy, their history, and their language. He erased everything accumulated in them. And he erased our relations because he came to us with his aggression, an unprovoked war," Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine expressed his conviction that the Russian leader does not care about people – not only Ukrainians but also the citizens of his country – that is why the Russian troops who came to Ukrainian soil were demotivated from the very beginning of this war of aggression. "He does not have a strong army. He has millions of people whom he throws under the tanks. And he had a lot of Soviet equipment," the Head of State said. Zelenskyy said that the head of the Kremlin has fewer and fewer excuses for his actions in Ukraine. The incumbent President of Russia is less and less trusted by his society, business, and even his entourage. "He promised them a quick victory, but victory is nowhere near. All this is uncomfortable. No one communicates with these people anymore, serious business is leaving the Russian Federation, and businesses in Europe and the world, where Russia has a partnership, do not want to have joint contracts. All this affects many people, and they do not want it because they have difficulties every day... This is isolation," the Head of State said. At the same time, according to Zelenskyy, Russian society is not as closed as it was during the Soviet Union and is not ready to live in isolation again, so it will put pressure on the President of the Russian Federation. "Every day, the mood inside the state worsens. They will put pressure on him," the President of Ukraine said. The head of state said that Ukraine is getting closer to victory, pushing the enemy out of its territory every day. In particular, he said that our country is extremely thoroughly preparing for a counteroffensive. "We are preparing very seriously. And there will definitely be very serious steps. I know that we are all motivated – not only those who know this whole plan but also our people," Zelenskyy added. He said that he cannot name the exact date of the start of the counteroffensive, but when it happens, "you will definitely see it, and Russia will definitely feel it." The President said the Ukrainian people believe in victory, and the first important steps will be taken soon. ph The official visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy and the Vatican 13 May 2023 - 14:28 ph The official visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy and the Vatican 13 May 2023 - 14:28 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine