11 captures 08 Jun 2020 - 18 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324050300/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-mayemo-buti-zabezpechenimi-zasobami-zahistu-j-nadali-prez-61301 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must be provided with means of protection in the future - President 23 May 2020 - 14:52 A detailed transition to adaptive quarantine was discussed at a traditional meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on preventing the spread of COVID-19. The meeting was attended by representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers and law enforcement agencies. In particular, it was said that six regions are not yet ready to mitigate security measures. These are the Chernivtsi, Rivne, Lviv, Kyiv regions, as well as Zakarapttia and Volyn. These regions do not meet the criteria of morbidity, hospital beds and the number of tests that would allow for adaptive quarantine at this stage. In other regions, some mitigations are allowed, yet not required, as local authorities should consider the extent of implementation of these measures in the given situation. This includes the opening of kindergartens, the launch of public transport, the holding of sports events without spectators with the participation of no more than 50 people, religious events with the participation of no more than one person per 10 square meters of building area, the work of hotels excluding restaurants and spas. All this is possible subject to safety measures. The President raised the issue of purchasing personal protective equipment and equipment to prevent the spread of coronavirus and save patients. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov said that more than 100,000 respirators had been delivered to Ukraine with the help of a national company. He added that cooperation had been established with the World Bank to procure everything necessary. Also, contracts for future purchases would be signed next week. "Hospitals, doctors, pharmacies - there should be masks, disinfectants, equipment everywhere. Procurement takes a long time. We need to find ways to shorten this process, so that in the future the ministry will buy faster. We know what a complicated bureaucracy we have. Find ways to simplify it. Every delay can cost us lives. The world is waiting for the second wave of coronavirus. We did relatively well during the first wave, although, unfortunately, we lost more than 600 lives. We must be ready with all the procedures in the future," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The parties also raised the issue of allowing Ukrainian manufacturers of masks and other means of protection to export their products if it is impossible to sell them in Ukraine and they meet the requirements of other countries. The President supported this. The Cabinet of Ministers will work out the necessary decisions next week. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine