1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033055/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=115 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mateusz Morawiecki talked to Ukrainian soldiers undergoing treatment after wounds 24 February 2023 - 13:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, who is on a visit to our country, visited one of the Kyiv hospitals where wounded Ukrainian defenders are undergoing treatment. Head of State: Chaplains are heroes as they bolster the morale of our defenders 24 February 2023 - 13:17 On the anniversary of invincibility, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with chaplains who are currently serving in the Armed Forces and the National Guard of Ukraine. President awarded Ukrainian defenders and presented battle flags to military units 24 February 2023 - 12:18 On the anniversary of invincibility, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards, conferred honorary titles upon military personnel and civilians, and handed over battle flags to military units of the Armed Forces and assault brigades of the Offensive Guard. Abduction of children is one of the components of the crime of genocide against the Ukrainian people committed by Russia - Daria Herasymchuk 24 February 2023 - 10:59 Daria Herasymchuk, Advisor - Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation, took part in the high-level event "Gross Human Rights Violations Due to Aggression against Ukraine" held in the hall of the Trusteeship Council at the UN Headquarters in New York. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy "February. The year of invincibility" 24 February 2023 - 08:03 We withstand all threats, shelling, cluster bombs, cruise missiles, kamikaze drones, blackouts, and cold. We are stronger than that. It was a year of resilience. A year of care. A year of bravery. A year of pain. A year of hope. A year of endurance. A year of unity. The year of invincibility. The furious year of invincibility. The Staff considered the production and supply of ammunition and weapons; even in such circumstances, we have the appropriate potential - address by the President of Ukraine 24 February 2023 - 00:10 I devoted a significant part of this day to preparing for tomorrow's diplomatic events. We must do everything to make them fruitful for Ukraine. First Lady of Ukraine had a meeting with the Minister of Culture of France 23 February 2023 - 23:00 The Minister visited Kyiv on the eve of the anniversary of the Russian invasion. The purpose of the visit is to see the consequences of the full-scale Russian aggression, to reach agreements on the implementation of specific projects and measures to assist Ukraine and to promote our country abroad. Head of State met with the delegation of the global parliamentary network "United for Ukraine" 23 February 2023 - 20:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the global parliamentary network United for Ukraine, which included representatives of the parliaments of 13 European countries and the European Parliament. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine together with partners will continue to work on improving sanctions restrictions against Russia 23 February 2023 - 20:24 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Ukraine, together with its partners, will continue to work on improving sanctions against the Russian Federation. He said this during an online speech at the meeting of the Sanctions Coordinators Forum, which is taking place in Brussels. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Pedro Sánchez unveiled a plaque dedicated to the Prime Minister of Spain on the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 23 February 2023 - 18:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain Pedro Sánchez visited the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv and took part in the unveiling of a plaque in honor of the head of the Spanish government. 1 2 ... 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine