4 captures 07 Feb 2024 - 08 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240207112920/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-radnikom-prezidenta-88825 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I signed a decree initiating the establishment of a separate branch of forces – the Unmanned Systems Forces – address by the President of Ukraine 6 February 2024 - 19:24 View all videos n latest news Head of the President's Office had a phone call with German Chancellor's Advisor on Foreign and Security Policy 7 February 2024 - 09:06 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 6 February 2024 - 22:38 President of Ukraine met with the OECD Secretary-General 6 February 2024 - 19:53 I signed a decree initiating the establishment of a separate branch of forces – the Unmanned Systems Forces – address by the President of Ukraine 6 February 2024 - 19:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 6 February 2024 - 22:38 Pursuant to the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi. During the conversation, Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of regular contacts between the Ukrainian and South African sides. The Head of the President's Office thanked Sydney Mufamadi for his active participation in all meetings at the level of national security advisors on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, particularly in the recent one held in mid-January in Davos. South Africa's accession to several working groups on the implementation of the Peace Formula was noted, in particular its readiness to join Working Group 9 on preventing the escalation and repetition of aggression. Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine is actively working on organizing the Global Peace Summit at the level of state leaders. He informed of the preparations for the first Global Peace Summit, which, according to the agreements between President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President Viola Amherd, will be held in Switzerland. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine