1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309041537/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=93 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Japan 14 April 2021 - 12:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Japan Yoshihide Suga. The Head of State informed the Prime Minister of Japan about the aggravation of the security situation in eastern Ukraine and the increase in the concentration of Russian troops near the borders of our state. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the King of Jordan 13 April 2021 - 15:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with King Abdullah II ibn Al-Hussein of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. President initiated the immediate liquidation of the District Administrative Court of Kyiv 13 April 2021 - 13:41 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy submitted the draft Law of Ukraine "On Liquidation of the District Administrative Court of Kyiv" to the Verkhovna Rada as urgent. Ukrainian delegation visited the State of Israel 12 April 2021 - 19:18 A Ukrainian delegation led by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov paid a visit to the State of Israel. The delegation included Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the President’s Office Ihor Zhovkva, and Deputy Minister of Health - Chief Public Health Physician of Ukraine Viktor Lyashko. Deputy Head of the Office of the President and the Ambassador of Sweden discussed Russia's escalation of the situation in eastern Ukraine and possible ways to stabilize it 12 April 2021 - 18:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg to discuss the deteriorating situation in eastern Ukraine and near its border and possible ways to deter Russian aggression. Ukraine must restore leadership and status of a leading aerospace state, so we need to change the approach to financing the space industry - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 April 2021 - 13:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting on the development of the space industry of Ukraine, which took place at the National Space Facilities Control And Test Center (NSFCTC). Strategic partnership between Ukraine and Turkey is backed by real actions and victories - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 April 2021 - 22:00 Ukraine and Turkey mark the 10th anniversary of the strategic partnership this year and are ready for further development of bilateral relations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint statement with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to the media following a meeting of the Strategic Council of Ukraine and Turkey. A number of bilateral documents were signed during Volodymyr Zelenskyy's working visit to Turkey 10 April 2021 - 21:45 A number of bilateral documents were signed in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on a working visit to Turkey, and President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Ukraine and Turkey share a common vision of security threats in the Black Sea region and ways to respond to them - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 April 2021 - 21:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan thoroughly discussed the issues of security and joint counteraction to the challenges in the Black Sea region. Joint Declaration of the 9th meeting of the High-Level Strategic Council between Ukraine and the Republic of Turkey 10 April 2021 - 20:41 Joint Declaration of the 9th meeting of the High-Level Strategic Council between Ukraine and the Republic of Turkey held under the co-chairmanship of the Presidents of the two states. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine