1 capture 23 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220523204204/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/najblizhchi-tizhni-vijni-budut-skladnimi-ale-v-nas-nemaye-zh-75325?t=kMl6vXjdZr6AzuPEdLM_Gg&s=09 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 Ukrainians! All our defenders! Every day, addressing our people, I emphasize how difficult and at what cost it is to defend against Russian aggression. The occupiers are waging a very brutal war against us. Indeed, there has been no such war on the European continent for 77 years. Total war. When the enemy tries to destroy as many people and infrastructure as possible. The clearance of debris in Desna in the Chernihiv region has been completed. 87 dead. And these were only four missiles. In total, since February 24, the Russian army has launched 1,474 missile strikes at Ukraine, using 2,275 different missiles. The vast majority was aimed at civilian objects. In less than three months, there have been more than 3,000 air strikes by Russian aircraft and helicopters. What other country has withstood such a scale of strikes? Every time we tell our partners that we need modern anti-missile weapons, modern combat aircraft, we are not just making a formal request. We say that our request is the real lives of many people who would not have died if we had received all the weapons we are asking for. By the way, today, talking to the participants of the Davos Forum, which began its work, I spoke in particular about this. About the need to provide Ukraine with everything it needs to save the lives of our people. All our partners agree that Ukraine's struggle in the war against Russia is the protection of the common values of all countries in the free world. Our common freedom. And if so, then we have the right to count on full and urgent assistance, especially weapons. My every international negotiations, every address to parliaments or other foreign audiences is necessarily related to this topic. And I am grateful to all those partners who help and provide us with the necessary weapons and ammunition to overcome the advantage of the Russian army, especially in the amount of equipment and weapons. The most difficult fighting situation today is in Donbas. Bakhmut, Popasna, Severodonetsk - in this direction the occupiers have concentrated the greatest activity so far. They organized a massacre there and are trying to destroy everything living there. Literally. Nobody destroyed Donbas as much as the Russian army does now. And I am grateful to all our warriors who are holding their positions and have the courage to counterattack. Today in Kyiv, at the Mariyinsky Palace in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine, I presented the Orders of the Golden Star. To the warriors, as well as to the relatives of those of our Heroes who were posthumously awarded. In particular, to the sister of sailor Vitaliy Skakun. He was a sapper of the 137th Separate Marine Battalion of the 35th Separate Marine Brigade named after Rear Admiral Mykhailo Ostrogradsky. He died performing a combat mission in southern Ukraine. Thanks to his courage and heroism, we managed to significantly delay the offensive of the overwhelming forces of the enemy and save hundreds of lives of our soldiers. In this war - both from February 24 and from 2014 - the Marines proved their extraordinary bravery. They were among those units that heroically defended Mariupol. They took part in many important battles. And today - on the Day of the Marines - I express my sincere gratitude to all those who defend the state in these troops. The Russian occupiers are trying very hard to show that they allegedly will not give up the occupied areas of the Kharkiv region, the Kherson region, the occupied territory of the Zaporizhzhia region and Donbas. They are going on the offensive in some areas. Reserves are being accumulated in some areas. Somewhere they are trying to reinforce their positions. The coming weeks of the war will be difficult. And we must be aware of that. Yet we have no alternative but to fight. Fight and win. Free our land and our people. Because the occupiers want to take away from us not just something, but everything we have. Including the right to life for Ukrainians. However, to win, each and every one of us must work for it. And including those in the rear. Help the army. Protect the needs of our state in all international platforms to which you have access, in communication with foreign journalists, even just with your friends and acquaintances abroad. Every vote counts. Today, as every day, I worked to increase the pressure on Russia. Our representatives in Davos are working to give Ukraine more financial and humanitarian support. And for all diplomats of our state the absolute priority is weapons and ammunition for our state. In the evening I signed a decree on awarding our warriors. 161 servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine were awarded state awards. 42 of them posthumously. Eternal memory to everyone who gave lives for Ukraine! Eternal glory to all who are bringing our victory closer! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine