12 captures 24 Aug 2022 - 26 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220824010900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-sogodni-ukrayina-ne-gotova-jti-na-pripinennya-vognyu-i-zh-77253 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This day has shown how strong our state has become, and this is not the limit yet - address by the President of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news The international community should put pressure on Russia so that the occupiers leave the territory of the ZNPP - President of Ukraine 23 August 2022 - 23:06 Ukraine will return Crimea in the way it decides - President 23 August 2022 - 22:56 As of today, Ukraine is not ready to agree to a ceasefire, and there will be no new "Minsk" - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 August 2022 - 22:06 On the initiative of the President of Ukraine, the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform was held 23 August 2022 - 21:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 Go to all galleries Home News Current events As of today, Ukraine is not ready to agree to a ceasefire, and there will be no new "Minsk" - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 August 2022 - 22:06 Currently, Ukraine is not ready for negotiations with Russia regarding a ceasefire, as it does not want to repeat the negative experience of the Minsk agreements, which led to the loss of control over our territories. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this at a press conference following the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. "At the point where we are, we are not ready for a ceasefire. We explained that there will be no Minsk-3, Minsk-5, or Minsk-7. We will not play these games, we have lost part of our territories this way. And everyone understands this very well, everyone heard it from us. Because it is a trap. We understand that," the Head of State explained. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the ceasefire regime could drag on for years, and Ukraine would be left without part of the territories in the south and would have no access to the sea. And the Russian Federation may start hostilities again after some time, trying to seize Mykolaiv, Odesa, and even repeat the attempt to capture Kyiv. The President emphasized that the Russian aggressor has entered the territory of Ukraine and is killing Ukrainian citizens who are defending themselves and fighting for their lives. "Russia, with daily attacks, breakthroughs, advances and retreats accompanied by bloody murder and violence, tells us all that they do not see any negotiations. And we explain that everything they did shows that they are not thinking about any dialogue and have never thought about it," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. At the same time, as the Head of State noted, the longer the war waged by Russia against Ukraine lasts, the more expensive it will be for the whole world and for the Russian Federation itself. "For us, the cost is the greatest, because people die. Someone in Europe already feels it. Other parts of the world don't feel it yet, but the blockade of the Black Sea coast says there could be famine and they will feel it. Someone in Asia still doesn't feel it either - it will be a little bit later. The highest price will be for Russia. Unfortunately, later than all, but one hundred percent. Because the price will be historic," he said. The President of Ukraine is convinced that the damage from this war can be reduced by speeding up its end. "If everyone in the world is pragmatic and we move from the language of emotions and humanity to money, then it is cheaper to end this war earlier. Ending earlier means giving us weapons. This is a very simple formula," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the Second Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2022 - 16:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine