3 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 03 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911223507/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Many Ukrainians Deserve the Title of Legend, Achieving the Impossible and Inspiring Others – President Presents "National Legend of Ukraine" Award 22 August 2024 - 20:54 On the eve of National Flag Day and Ukraine's Independence Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored outstanding individuals with the "National Legend of Ukraine" award. The Implementation of the Peace Formula Began with “Energy Security” Clause: A Thematic International Conference Was Held Online 22 August 2024 - 20:11 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak opened and participated in the first expanded thematic meeting of the working group dedicated to the implementation of the "Energy Security" clause of the Peace Formula. The meeting took place online. President Instructs Government to Approve National Veterans Policy Strategy 22 August 2024 - 19:39 A Ukrainian veterans policy must be organized to ensure that veterans in our country are fully integrated into public life. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated this during his speech at the VII International Veterans Forum. It Is Right and Necessary for the State That Ukraine's Veteran Community Be Fully Integrated Into Public Life – President's Speech at the VII International Veterans Forum 22 August 2024 - 18:36 Today, by my decree, I have instructed the government to approve the National Strategy of Veterans Policy and the Strategy for the Formation of a System of Transition from Military Service to Civilian Life. These documents address all aspects of the interaction between the state and veterans. Ukraine and Ireland Finalize Bilateral Agreement Text 22 August 2024 - 18:07 Ukraine and Ireland have completed the final round of negotiations on concluding a bilateral agreement in furtherance of the G7 Joint Declaration. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Visited the Border Area of the Sumy Region and Received the Report by Commander-in-Chief Oleksandr Syrskyi 22 August 2024 - 12:00 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team visited the border area of the Sumy region and held a meeting with Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Oleksandr Syrskyi and Head of the Sumy Regional Military Administration Volodymyr Artyukh. We Need the Proceeds of the Aggressor's Assets to Work for Real Defense Assistance Against the Aggressor – Address by the President 21 August 2024 - 20:44 We understand the enemy's steps and we are getting stronger. We have checked the ammunition supply. And it is very important that our partners really fulfill their obligations. On each package, on all our agreements. This is fundamental for our defense. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Phone Conversation with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew 21 August 2024 - 19:34 President spoke about the law on spiritual independence of Ukraine adopted by the Verkhovna Rada, which was supported by the Ukrainian Council of Churches and Religious Organizations. The First Lady Discussed Humanitarian Tasks for Ukraine with Ambassadors' Spouses 21 August 2024 - 19:03 Olena Zelenska met with representatives of the Spouses of Ukrainian Diplomats Association as part of the meeting of the heads of foreign diplomatic missions "War Diplomacy: Resilience, Weapons, Victory". Andriy Yermak Held a Telephone Conversation with the Minister of Enterprises and Made in Italy 21 August 2024 - 16:36 Andriy Yermak spoke about the development of the Made in Ukraine economic platform initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine