1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=21 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – On the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Head of State visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in Donbas 6 December 2021 - 16:12 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian army in the area of the Joint Forces Operation and congratulated the military on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The Head of State talked to the servicemen and presented valuable gifts to them. President is on a working trip to the east of Ukraine 6 December 2021 - 11:29 The President will take part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and present state awards to the servicemen. The President will also take part in the ceremony of awarding honorary titles and presenting battle flags to military units of the Armed Forces. Volunteering made Ukraine invincible in 2014 and makes it invincible today - President 5 December 2021 - 19:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the International Volunteer Day, which took place on the territory of the Mystetskyi Arsenal Museum Complex in Kyiv. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi 3 December 2021 - 20:00 Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of further cooperation with the United Arab Emirates as one of Ukraine's key trade and economic partners in the Middle East. For his part, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan stressed that his country is interested in expanding relations with Ukraine in all areas of mutual interest. The first phone conversation between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Hungary took place 3 December 2021 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orbán on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries. Ukraine is confidently moving towards creating comfortable living conditions for people with disabilities - President 3 December 2021 - 14:38 Today, Ukraine and the whole world celebrate the International Day of People with Disabilities. Creating a barrier-free space and a comfortable and accessible environment for all citizens is a priority of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in shaping state policy aimed at the harmonious integration of people with disabilities into public life. The topic of inclusiveness, accessibility, tolerance and wide opportunities for self-realization of people with disabilities is constantly in the focus of attention of the First Lady Olena Zelenska. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Justin Trudeau 2 December 2021 - 21:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau on the 30th anniversary of Canada’s recognition of Ukraine’s independence. The Ukrainian President noted that our people have always felt and still feel sincere support from friendly Canada. Joint statement by the President of Ukraine, the President of the Republic of Lithuania and the President of the Republic of Poland 2 December 2021 - 18:18 The Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland confirmed their clear commitment to further expanding their cooperation in a wide range of areas such as security and defence, economy, energy and others, including within the Lublin Triangle format. The Republic of Lithuania and the Republic of Poland reconfirm their full support for Ukraine’s membership in the EU and NATO. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the first negotiations in the format of the Lublin Triangle 2 December 2021 - 18:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of Poland Andrzej Duda. President submitted bills on the protection of national security in the field of citizenship to the Verkhovna Rada 2 December 2021 - 13:11 The documents were drafted in pursuance of the decision of the National Security and Defense Council of February 26, 2021 "On urgent measures to combat threats to national security in the field of citizenship". 1 2 ... 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine