25 captures 09 Mar 2022 - 13 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309031557/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-nas-ce-vitchiznyana-vijna-i-mi-znayemo-chim-taki-vijni-73293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches For us, this is a patriotic war, and we know how such wars end for the invaders - address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2022 - 01:14 Good health to you, dear Ukrainians! Strong and kind! But – kind NOT to enemies. We are a nation that broke the enemy's plans in a week. Plans that have been built for years. Treacherously. Deliberately. With hatred of our country, of our people - of any people who have heart and freedom. But we stopped them. We beat them. Our military, border guards, territorial defense. Even ordinary farmers capture the Russian military on a daily basis. And they all say one thing: they don't know why they're here. Despite the fact that their quantity is ten times bigger, the morale of the enemy is deteriorating. More and more invaders are fleeing back to Russia. From us. From you. From all who drive out the enemy with javelins, stugnas, guns, tanks, planes, helicopters. Everything that shoots. But Ukrainians are beating the enemy even without weapons. I sincerely admire the heroic civilians of Konotop, Bashtanka, Energodar, Melitopol. Other towns and villages. Who do not let the invaders in by blocking the roads. People come out in front of enemy vehicles. This is extremely dangerous. But this is brave. It is also salvation. I'm sure you saw a video from Melitopol where Ukrainians protested against Russians who entered our city. Temporarily. I am sure of this: if they entered somewhere, it is only temporarily. We’ll drive them out. With shame. As those people, ordinary people who drive the invaders out of grocery stores when the Russian soldiers are trying to find food do. These are not warriors of the superpower. These are confused children who were used. Take them home. Ukrainians! Every invader should know: they will not get anything here. No one will be conquered. Even if they can accumulate more equipment and more people, it doesn't change anything for them. Wherever they enter. They will be destroyed everywhere. They will not have peace. They will have no food. They will not have a single quiet moment. The invaders will receive only a rebuff from Ukrainians. Fierce rebuff. Such a rebuff that they will forever remember that we will not give up what’s ours. That they will remember what the patriotic war is. Yes, for us it is a patriotic war. We remember how patriotic wars begin. And we know how they end. For the invaders. Our army is doing everything to break the enemy completely. Almost nine thousand Russians were killed! In one week! In the Mykolaiv direction invaders have to take away the "two hundred" and "three hundred" with tens of helicopters. 19 years, 20 years ... What did they see in life, apart from this invasion? But most of them remain everywhere. Ukraine does not want to be covered with military corpses. Go home. Your whole army. Tell your commanders that you want to live. Not to die. To live. The war must be stopped and peace restored as soon as possible. Today was, as usual, an active day of negotiations with the leaders of the member states of our anti-war coalition. I held talks with the heads of government of Norway and Israel. With the President of Kazakhstan. With the Emir of Qatar Tamim Bin Hamad al Thani. With President of the European Council Charles Michel. With Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau. With President of Poland Andrzej Duda. Brilliant result at the UN General Assembly. 141 countries supported the resolution, which calls on Russia to withdraw troops from Ukraine immediately. 141 states stand for us! And for Russia - only four states that voted against. Here is the list: North Korea, Eritrea, Syria and Belarus. This is the list. These are the friends. And there will be no others for the state that does not know how to live in peace. Today I held a meeting with the heads of regions and cities of Ukraine. The new head of the Odesa regional state administration is already working. Maksym Marchenko. Military. Professional. Our guys on the ground are working hard to organize "green corridors". To take out civilians. To bring medicine. Volnovakha, cities of the Kyiv, Sumy, Kharkiv regions, south of Ukraine. This is very difficult. Extremely difficult. We are opposed by terror. But terror loses. Thanks to our heroes. Today I signed a decree awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine to fifteen of our defenders: Senior Lieutenant Maksym Vitaliyovych Bilokon. Posthumously. He took part in repelling the enemy's attack during the defense of Chernihiv, destroyed the enemy's subversive group and two enemy tanks. Lieutenant Colonel Oleksandr Valeriyovych Kapichun. Posthumously. Thanks to his heroic actions, the enemy column was stopped, equipment and enemy soldiers were destroyed. Soldier Oleksandr Volodymyrovych Lukyanovych. Posthumously. During the battle he neutralized up to three dozen units of enemy equipment. He was fatally wounded by an air strike. Junior Sergeant Mykhailo Mykhailovych Nesolyony. Posthumously. He died in close combat with enemy forces while evacuating people. Soldier Andriy Valeriyovych Nikonchuk. Posthumously. He protected the Kyiv HPP from Russian air raids and missile strikes. Lieutenant Vitalii Romanoviyh Sapyl. Posthumously. Tank platoon commander. Neutralized three dozen enemy vehicles. Killed by an air strike. Chief Sergeant Oleksiy Oleksandrovych Senyuk. Posthumously. He defended Chernihiv, destroyed two enemy IFVs and captured a T-72 tank. Killed by an air strike. Lieutenant Vladyslav Petrovych Ukrainets. Posthumously. He covered the retreat of brothers-in-arms when the enemy attacked. Major Stepan Ivanovych Choban. Posthumously. The pilot of the Su-27, distracted the enemy aircraft over Kropyvnytskyi. Major Ihor Vasyliovych Mykhalchuk. Head of the tank battalion unit. Destroyed numerous enemy armored vehicles. Colonel Serhiy Mykolayovych Musienko. Head of the Missile and Artillery Division. Inflicted devastating blows on the enemy in the Kharkiv direction. Lieutenant Yevhen Mykhailovych Palchenko. Tank platoon commander. Covered the exit of the brigade from the encirclement. Major Vladyslav Yuriyovych Prokopenko. Head of the tank battalion. Withdrew personnel and equipment from the encirclement without loss. Lieutenant Colonel Pavlo Yuriyovych Fedosenko. Head of the unit of the 92nd brigade. For the effective defense of Kharkiv. Senior Lieutenant Dmytro Petrovych Chavalakh. For heroic participation in the defense of the Kherson region. All 40 million are like these fifteen heroes! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine