8 captures 09 Aug 2023 - 11 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230809191000/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-mikolayivshini-prezidentu-dopovili-pro-perebig-likvidaciy-83473 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:43 President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Peace Formula is universal, and after Ukraine, it can be the basis for overcoming other military conflicts and global problems - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2023 - 16:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Mykolaiv region, the President was briefed on the progress of liquidation of the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam 8 June 2023 - 15:14 During a working visit to Mykolaiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the condition of the main pumping station of the Inhulets River Canal Management, which was flooded due to the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam. The Head of State was briefed on the measures taken by local authorities to meet the urgent needs of local residents for drinking water. They also discussed long-term solutions to provide drinking water to the city of Mykolaiv. In addition, the President got acquainted with the current state of affairs in the region given the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam. Head of the Mykolaiv Regional Military Administration Vitalii Kim reported on the situation with flooding in the region's settlements. Due to the flooding, citizens have been evacuated, and rescuers and authorities are working on the ground. People are being provided with essential food. In particular, a disaster relief headquarters has been set up in the Snihurivka community, which operates around the clock. Reception centers for citizens evacuated from Kherson region have been set up in Mykolaiv. ph Working trip of the President to Kherson, Mykolaiv and Dnipropetrovsk regions 8 June 2023 - 11:43 ph Working trip of the President to Kherson, Mykolaiv and Dnipropetrovsk regions 8 June 2023 - 11:43 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine