2 captures 13 Apr 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Mar APR May 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230413054230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-hto-obiraye-profesiyu-pravoohoroncya-chi-ryatuvalnika-82221 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the war, all frontlines need attention and strength, especially the financial frontline - President's speech at the third meeting of the ministerial round table on support for Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 00:01 View all videos n latest news In the war, all frontlines need attention and strength, especially the financial frontline - President's speech at the third meeting of the ministerial round table on support for Ukraine 12 April 2023 - 23:57 There will be no ruins in Ukraine - this is our goal - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 April 2023 - 22:27 President of Ukraine held a meeting with a delegation of senators from the United States of America 12 April 2023 - 20:04 President of Ukraine received the Order of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria "Honor of the Nation" and the Order of Dzhokhar Dudayev 12 April 2023 - 16:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of graduation of cadets of the MIA higher education institutions 12 April 2023 - 14:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Everyone who chooses the profession of a law enforcement officer or rescuer gets the opportunity to make Ukraine stronger - the Head of State during the graduation of cadets of higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 12 April 2023 - 15:22 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremonial events on the occasion of the graduation of cadets from higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. The event involved about 400 graduates of higher education institutions with specific training conditions of the MIA system, including the National Academy of Internal Affairs, Kharkiv National University of Internal Affairs, Donetsk State University of Internal Affairs, Dnipropetrovsk State University of Internal Affairs, Lviv State University of Internal Affairs, Odesa State University of Internal Affairs, National University of Civil Defense of Ukraine, Lviv State University of Life Safety. Addressing the graduates, the Head of State noted that everyone who chooses the profession of a law enforcement officer or rescuer gets the opportunity to make Ukraine stronger in protecting people and the foundations of a normal, safe life, and this is what distinguishes Ukrainians the most from the citizens of the evil state - the Russian Federation. "It is an extraordinary responsibility to always be a rescuer, a helper for people, to always serve public trust and never fail. If you have made a mistake, it will mean to people that our state has made a mistake. Because the state is seen in those who serve it," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy wished each and every one of those present strength, which would be equal to the strength of the whole of Ukraine, and dignity, so that Ukrainians could be proud of them. The President urged to remember all Ukrainian policemen and rescuers who died protecting our country and people. The participants honored the memory of those who died for Ukraine with a moment of silence. The Head of State noted that 2,607 police officers and 414 future employees of the State Emergency Service are currently graduating in Ukraine. Among them are those who will serve in the frontline and border regions of Ukraine, as well as those who will join the new assault brigade "Liut". "May all of you be accompanied by the main thing that is needed now: effectiveness for Ukraine, movement only forward for Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy wished. He emphasized that our state has already proven that it knows how to win and can liberate the Ukrainian land from the occupier. "All those who ensure de-occupation have proven that together with the blue and yellow flag, normal life returns for every person and every family. Our goal is to return such a life to all of Ukraine, to all those areas that are temporarily under occupation," the President said. On the occasion of the graduation ceremony, Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to officers of the National Police and the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, who represent the departmental educational institutions. At the end, a farewell ceremony with the flags of universities was held for graduates of higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs system. v Videos ph Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of graduation of cadets of the MIA higher education institutions 12 April 2023 - 14:49 ph Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of graduation of cadets of the MIA higher education institutions 12 April 2023 - 14:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine