16 captures 13 Apr 2024 - 23 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240413013701/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-yidemo-v-regioni-bo-hochemo-dopomogti-biznesu-prezident-p-90265 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Serial production and new models of missiles: our "defence industry" has the necessary results – address of the President of Ukraine 10 April 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: Global Support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula Can Facilitate the "All for All" Prisoner Exchange 12 April 2024 - 23:00 The Reintegration Management Program Project is Launched under the Auspices of the Office of the President of Ukraine 12 April 2024 - 21:35 The President Honored Defenders and Medical Workers at the Military Hospital in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:26 We are Going to the Regions to Help Business — President at the Presentation of the Made in Ukraine Platform in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We are Going to the Regions to Help Business — President at the Presentation of the Made in Ukraine Platform in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:04 The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy participated in the presentation of the Made in Ukraine economic platform with representatives of the business community in Chernivtsi. The Head of State noted that this project was launched to develop the potential of Ukrainian manufacturers. "The defense industrial complex is a priority because of the war, and we need to be faster than our enemy. But businesses that provide jobs are just as important. The war has also led to the emergence of relocated businesses. I want you to understand why we are going to the regions: we want to help business," the President emphasized. According to him, it is important that each meeting within the Made in Ukraine platform results in the signing of contracts. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal stated that the programs implemented within the framework of the platform should increase the strength of the state, including the military. It is also a clear message to the world that Ukrainians have something to be proud of, something to offer, and something to compete with. "The state holds the key to developing domestic production capacity. We can influence this in four main areas: demand stimulation programs, affordable loans, and grants, attracting investment to the real sector of the economy and developing export-oriented processing," said Denys Shmyhal. The First Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko emphasized that industry in Bukovyna accounts for 11.9% of GDP, which is a record since 2012. "The growth is due to the relocation of large manufacturers to the region. Now they pay taxes and support the local budget. Last year, this helped to implement development projects in the region," she said. According to Yuliia Svyrydenko, this year Chernivtsi region will receive UAH 800 million within the economic platform to support its production potential. A regional office of Made in Ukraine has already been opened in Chernivtsi. v Videos ph 12 April 2024 - 17:25 ph 12 April 2024 - 17:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine