3 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 02 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129094346/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=175 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Now all Ukrainians must be a united nation that is fighting and doesn’t allow the world to divert attention away from the events in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 00:09 The Ukrainian troops are doing everything to stop the offensive of the occupiers. As much as possible. As much as the heavy weapons, modern artillery - all that we have asked and continue to ask our partners for - allow them to. We must rebuild a new Ukraine - a state that has gained its independence and future - President during a conversation with the student community of Great Britain 10 June 2022 - 23:19 "I can't build a comfortable state for you without you. I can build a state for all of us, for our generation, for the elderly. We can build a modern country, but it is impossible to build the future without the younger generation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine is fighting for its future, Russia is fighting for someone else's past, which is why we will win - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the student community of leading British universities 10 June 2022 - 22:54 Russia's goal is to erase all associations about Ukraine except the war. Ukraine without the past, without the bright moments of the present, and therefore without the right to the future. But it will lose. We are fighting for our future, they are fighting for someone else's past. Ihor Zhovkva held a phone conversation with the State Secretary for Foreign Affairs of the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia 10 June 2022 - 20:56 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also shared his views on the support for granting this status to Ukraine by a number of Balkan countries, which are also moving towards EU accession. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom 10 June 2022 - 19:21 The President thanked the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom for the effective support for Ukraine by the British government in our fight against Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Great Britain is a true friend of Ukraine. This was especially evident after the beginning of Russia's unprovoked brutal aggression against our state. Olena Zelenska delivered a speech at the international conference "Women in Conflicts" 10 June 2022 - 15:56 During the speech, the First Lady showed photos and told the stories of Ukrainian women related to Russia's war against our state. Democracy can lose on the European continent if words are not backed up by action - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Copenhagen Democracy Summit 10 June 2022 - 13:03 The aggressor must feel the power of the democratic world, the power of international law as soon as he intends to violate the existing basic norms. Andriy Yermak met with the President of Yahad-In Unum organization, which collects evidence of Russia's war crimes in Ukraine 10 June 2022 - 09:15 The meeting included an online conference with Andriy Yermak, Patrick Desbois and representatives of the Simon Wiesenthal Center on the investigation of Russia's war crimes during the invasion of Ukraine. In the Ukrainian society there can be only those who defend our independence and those who work to ensure this defense - address by the President of Ukraine 9 June 2022 - 23:54 Of course, I understand that in some of our regions now, any economic activity - official or nonofficial - is a matter of mere survival. But if we talk about the normal, stable and strong life of society, the work of the state, our defense, we must understand: there are those who serve, and there are those who provide with their work those who serve. The world must remove everything that hinders cooperation and development, and Russian aggression is a key obstacle - speech by the President at the opening of the meeting of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development 9 June 2022 - 14:34 We must continue to use all instruments of pressure on Russia, both at the level of international organizations and at the level of countries, to stop its aggressive policy. 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine