2 captures 22 Jun 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 May JUN Jul 22 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230622145124/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-stati-globalnoyu-gromadoyu-shob-mir-dlya-kozhnoyi-nac-83729 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos President of Ukraine: Russia is considering a scenario of a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with radiation leakage, the world must act 22 June 2023 - 11:57 View all videos n latest news Ukraine must win, "not losing" is not an option for us - Andriy Yermak during his participation in the Atlantic Council's open discussion on the eve of the NATO Summit in Vilnius 22 June 2023 - 13:32 President of Ukraine: Russia is considering a scenario of a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with radiation leakage, the world must act 22 June 2023 - 11:53 We must become a global community, so that peace for every nation is fully guaranteed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Organization of American States 22 June 2023 - 09:36 Office of the President of Ukraine hosts a briefing for ambassadors of the Group of Seven and a number of countries on further steps to implement the Peace Formula 22 June 2023 - 08:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Foreign ambassadors presented credentials to the President of Ukraine 21 June 2023 - 19:59 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must become a global community, so that peace for every nation is fully guaranteed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Organization of American States 22 June 2023 - 09:36 Dear Mr. Secretary-General! Dear members of the General Assembly! Thank you for the opportunity to address you. And the main thing I would like to talk about today is collectivity. Eight months ago, I addressed your Organization for the first time, and I am grateful for all the support that you, both as an Organization and as countries, have given to our people, to our right to live freely. The vast majority of you support UN General Assembly resolutions that defend a rules-based international order. And your personal position, Mr. Almagro, serves precisely to protect the key foundations of international relations – the equality of all nations and guarantees for every nation that its destiny will not be broken by other states through military or political violence. Our common goal, of all leaders and states that truly value human life, is a world in which violence does not dominate… A world in which the UN Charter is truly respected by everyone, from the smallest to the largest countries. A world in which not only no new frozen conflicts arise, but in which the majority of nations realize that any war is a common global challenge – a threat to the world, and not the suffering of only those against whom this aggression is committed. And have we become closer to such a world since my first address to you? I am sure we have. Although Russian aggression still goes on, although Russia does not stop even in the face of catastrophic crimes of ecocide... Probably, you all heard that this month Russian occupiers blew up the dam and other structures of the Kakhovka hydroelectric plant and destroyed one of the largest reservoirs in Europe, deliberately flooding a huge area... Dozens of cities and villages were under water. The one in Russia who gave the order to destroy the dam and the Kakhovka reservoir understood what he was doing… Understood that it would leave entire regions of our country without drinking water… Understood that thousands and thousands of hectares of fertile soil would become a desert... God forbid that anyone in the world faces such a crime. But despite this and all other Russian terrorist attacks, we are still pushing the aggressor to defeat – both by force of arms and by force of diplomacy. Ladies and Gentlemen! Last year, I presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula, and since then, we have already involved dozens of nations in working on its implementation. We are also preparing the Global Peace Summit, which will specifically determine which state will help in which point of the Peace Formula. There is no alternative to it! Russia has brought war to the territory of our country, Russian missiles and artillery are burning our cities and villages, Russian ecocides are destroying the nature of our country... So, it is Ukrainians who best understand what exactly needs to be done to restore peace. But to indeed restore peace, we need collective efforts. And of course – in particular, your support, your leadership. I invite you to work with us and all the free nations of the world on implementation of the Peace Formula. And I invite you to join the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. We must become a global community in the full sense of this word, so that peace for every nation is fully guaranteed. One cannot protect peace on his own, but war cannot overcome the collective desire for peace. May your power become the power of peace, too! Thank you for your attention! Long live freedom! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine