4 captures 03 Feb 2024 - 14 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240203195702/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-ta-moz-peredali-medikam-50-evakua-88609 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Crucial to maintain consolidation of the free world and do everything to enable Ukraine to inflict defeats on Russia – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2024 - 18:17 View all videos n latest news Crucial to maintain consolidation of the free world and do everything to enable Ukraine to inflict defeats on Russia – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2024 - 18:17 The President presented apartment certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and their families: We continue the tradition of particular respect for the warriors whose extraordinary bravery deserves national attention 3 February 2024 - 15:19 Russia feels the pain from your actions – President awarded Defence Intelligence servicemen 3 February 2024 - 14:51 First Lady of Ukraine, jointly with First Lady of Germany, visited the Charité clinic where evacuated Ukrainian patients are being treated 3 February 2024 - 13:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 207 Ukrainians from Russian captivity 31 January 2024 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The Olena Zelenska Foundation and the Ministry of Health transferred 50 evacuation ambulance vehicles from the UAE government to the medics 30 January 2024 - 10:46 The Olena Zelenska Foundation and the Ministry of Health transferred 50 evacuation ambulance vehicles from the government of the United Arab Emirates to the medics. 27 of these vehicles have arrived in Ukraine. The first batch of 23 special vehicles arrived in our country at the end of 2023. Thus, humanitarian aid from the UAE in the form of ambulances has reached a total of 50 units. The President's wife expressed gratitude to the Embassy of Ukraine in the UAE for its assistance in the implementation of the project. "At least half a thousand ambulances have been destroyed or stolen by the enemy. This is not just a material loss, it is a risk of not being able to reach those who need help. That is why this event is special. There is nothing more important to us than saving lives. We are grateful to everyone who helps us with this," Olena Zelenska said. All vehicles are being distributed to the regions that need special transport for medical evacuation and assistance the most. "The 27 evacuation ambulance vehicles will help medics continue their work and save lives even in extremely difficult conditions. This is a significant strengthening of our healthcare system," emphasized Minister of Health of Ukraine Viktor Liashko. The transferred ambulances are equipped with everything necessary for emergency medical care and the fastest possible evacuation of patients, even in off-road conditions. "These are actually B-type ambulances that can operate in extremely difficult off-road conditions and destroyed infrastructure. Such vehicles have proven their effectiveness and feasibility in the work of disaster medical assistance teams in the de-occupied and frontline areas," said Vitaliy Kryliuk, head of the Ukrainian Scientific and Practical Center for Emergency Medical Care and Disaster Medicine of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. The Olena Zelenska Foundation continues to engage international partners to support Ukraine's medical infrastructure, which is under constant enemy attack. "The Foundation is actively involved in the restoration of medical infrastructure, which is being destroyed by the enemy every day. Providing medics with special vehicles is one of our priorities today. Unfortunately, this need remains constant during the war. We are extremely grateful to the UAE government for its prompt response and support of the Ukrainian healthcare system," said Nina Horbachova, director of the Foundation. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine