4 captures 18 Jun 2020 - 03 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220703021139/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kabinet-ministriv-gotovij-cogo-tizhnya-predstaviti-parlament-61541 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In Lugano, Ukraine will present a national view of reconstruction; it is necessary to create a new basis for our life - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 July 2022 - 23:14 View all videos n latest news In Lugano, Ukraine will present a national view of reconstruction; it is necessary to create a new basis for our life - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 July 2022 - 23:10 The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:27 The whole world understands that it is Ukraine who is implementing the main reform in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 21:11 Ukraine will have its own security model, and these must be clear, legally verified guarantees - Andriy Yermak 1 July 2022 - 20:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 17:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: The Cabinet of Ministers is ready to present an updated Government Action Program 2.0 to the Parliament this week 9 June 2020 - 20:58 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with members of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine, representatives of parliamentary committees, as well as the leadership of law enforcement agencies. The Head of State informed that the government is ready to present an updated version of the action program by the end of this week. The President reminded that the Verkhovna Rada did not support the first edition of the Action Program of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. "Parliamentary committees have made numerous remarks and suggestions. Much criticism came from the deputies of the Servant of the People. According to the Prime Minister, the government has carefully considered all constructive proposals and is ready to present an updated Government Action Program 2.0 to the Parliament this week,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. At the same time, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal noted that the Cabinet of Ministers will ask to submit the new program to the Parliament and support it on June 18-19. According to him, the document was revised taking into account the proposals of all committees, tasks from the political programs of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Servant of the People party, as well as decrees of the President and remarks from the committees. "This is a structural document, which consists of two sections. The first is the anti-crisis section. The second is the long-term priorities of the government. Each section coincides with the areas of strategy that exist in the ministries. Each section contains the expected results and indicators, as is the case for such a program," Denys Shmyhal noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine