10 captures 28 Apr 2021 - 07 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070716/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-zustrich-z-kerivnikami-pcu-upc-ta-ugkc-68189 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting with the leaders of the OCU, UOC and UGCC on the eve of Easter 28 April 2021 - 15:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Primate of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine Epiphanius, Primate of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church Onufriy and Head of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church Sviatoslav Shevchuk on the celebration of Easter under quarantine restrictions. The meeting was also attended by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. The President noted that on the eve of Easter the situation with COVID-19 incidence in Ukraine is under control. "We just overcame the third wave. It is the first week, when there is a decrease in the amount of one or two thousand patients every day. And I wanted to discuss with you what other powerful signals we could send to prevent the regions from returning to the "red" zone after Easter, because it has a great impact on citizens and the economy," he said. The President thanked church leaders for their help during the first wave of the coronavirus pandemic last year, when they informed the believers that it is important to take care of yourself and your loved ones. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also asked to tell the believers about the importance of vaccination against COVID-19, as this is the only way to overcome the pandemic. "That's why it's also important for us that people who come to your churches for help hear about the importance of vaccination," he said. The heads of churches assured that the issue of celebrating Easter in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic is in the center of attention of all church communities. Their leaders try their best to make worship services available online, as it was last year; so that people keep distance and wear protective masks. At the same time, church leaders noted that in conditions of quarantine restrictions, when people experience fatigue, even aggression and despair, spiritual care is also important. In addition, the President was informed at the meeting that the All-Ukrainian Council of Churches and Religious Organizations had reached a common position on vaccination. According to it, there is no religious reason not to vaccinate, and vaccination must be safe, accessible and voluntary. The church leaders thanked the state for including the clergy and social workers in the second wave of vaccination. The parties also discussed support for the resumption of a ceasefire in Donbas. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that a meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group was taking place today in the format of a video conference, the main issue of which was to discuss the return to a ceasefire. In this regard, the Head of State asked the church leaders to address the faithful with a message in support of the resumption of a ceasefire, which would be heard throughout Ukraine, in particular in the temporarily occupied territories. The President was informed that the All-Ukrainian Council of Churches and Religious Organizations had issued a separate appeal regarding the "Easter truce", in which it called on all those with the appropriate competence and authority to lay down their weapons. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also invited the Primates to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence and expressed hope for a joint prayer for Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine