4 captures 16 Mar 2024 - 19 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240316092121/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-iz-selso-amorimom-89709 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fairer responses we have towards the Russian state, the harder it will be for Putin to continue his rule, and thus, the war – address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Celso Amorim 16 March 2024 - 09:58 Yulia Sokolovska spoke about new opportunities for young scientists at a meeting with students at Taras Shevchenko National University 16 March 2024 - 09:24 The fairer responses we have towards the Russian state, the harder it will be for Putin to continue his rule, and thus, the war – address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2024 - 18:45 Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the first Global Peace Summit with the Ambassador of Brazil 15 March 2024 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on Ukrainian Volunteer Day 14 March 2024 - 17:44 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Celso Amorim 16 March 2024 - 09:58 Continuing the dialogue with the countries of the Global South, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Chief Advisor to the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Celso Amorim. The participants discussed the preparation for the inaugural Global Peace Summit in Switzerland. Andriy Yermak informed that Ukraine is actively working on engaging as wide a range of countries as possible to participate in the founding summit, countries that respect international law, the UN Charter, as well as the principles of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. He emphasized the importance of the participation of as many states as possible to forge a common decision among their leaders regarding the fair end of the war and the restoration of sustainable peace in Ukraine. Andriy Yermak also informed his interlocutor about the recent shelling of civilian infrastructure in Ukraine by Russia, including a residential area in Odesa, resulting in the loss of over one and a half dozen lives. Among the victims are rescuers who arrived to assist those affected by the Russian attack. Furthermore, the head of the Office of the President emphasized the importance of securing freedom of navigation in the Black Sea and the functioning of the grain corridor for global food stability. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine