1 capture 26 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220526160943/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-05-2021&date-to=26-05-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Saeima of Latvia 26 May 2022 - 16:25 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny discussed support for Ukraine with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 24 May 2022 - 16:55 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone conversation with US President's National Security Advisor Jacob Sullivan and United States Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I have always been confident in Ukrainians and our unity, because we all have common values and views of the most important things. 24 May 2022 - 12:32 The unification of Ukrainians after the beginning of the Russian invasion proves that the citizens of Ukraine, despite some differences, have common values and views of important strategic issues. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation at the Ukrainian House in Davos. Today, several thousand of our people are in captivity, we must exchange them - the President 24 May 2022 - 10:26 The most pressing humanitarian issues for Ukraine today are the exchange of prisoners, the unblocking of Ukrainian ports and the export of grain, as well as the search for and establishment of the location of Ukrainians illegally deported by the aggressor country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation at the Ukrainian House in Davos. President of Ukraine in Davos: There is no notion of distance for the occupation, the most important thing is to stop any aggressor from the very beginning 24 May 2022 - 09:59 Today, Ukraine is fighting for freedom and independence, for the values of all mankind, so the countries of the free world must support our state so that their citizens do not have to face the horrors of war. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation at the Ukrainian House in Davos. The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 However, to win, each and every one of us must work for it. And including those in the rear. Help the army. Protect the needs of our state in all international platforms to which you have access, in communication with foreign journalists, even just with your friends and acquaintances abroad. Every vote counts. We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 Ukraine plans to set up a psychological assistance service to support war survivors. This was stated by First Lady Olena Zelenska during a speech at the 75th World Health Assembly, the highest governing body of the WHO. President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 "Every time we greet our defenders, relatives and friends of our Heroes, we emphasize the gratitude of our state to those whose courage allowed Ukraine to preserve independence and our freedom," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 "Things like this stamp are first and foremost symbols that help us believe in our victory. That we will definitely win this war, and the occupier will go to the bottom. People's interest in these stamps proves that. I am convinced that we will have many more such symbols of victory," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. After the victory, we must create conditions in Ukraine for both people and businesses to feel safe - President 23 May 2022 - 16:51 After winning the war against Russia, Ukraine will become a powerful and safe state that will get rid of corruption and oligarchic influence and will be able to defend its territory and people. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy while participating in the online format in the World Economic Forum in Davos. At the forum in Davos, Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed to create an organization that would prevent hunger in the world 23 May 2022 - 16:39 Ukraine proposes to create an organization of food-exporting states which would serve as a tool to combat hunger on the planet. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 122 123 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine