11 captures 27 Feb 2023 - 20 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230227185221/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-prezentuvala-ukrayinsku-knizhkovu-polichku-ta-81317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The pressure of Ukraine and the world on the terrorist state will be continued - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 February 2023 - 19:30 View all videos n latest news President met with the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury 27 February 2023 - 18:15 Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Bookshelf and Ukrainian-language audio guides in Albania and Ireland 27 February 2023 - 15:24 Tetiana Lomakina spoke at the Zero Project Conference in Vienna about the needs and challenges faced by people with disabilities in Ukraine due to Russian aggression 27 February 2023 - 15:11 We will never forget the incredible support of the American people - Andriy Yermak on Fox News 27 February 2023 - 09:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Bookshelf and Ukrainian-language audio guides in Albania and Ireland 27 February 2023 - 15:24 As part of the cultural projects of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, the Ukrainian Bookshelf was presented and Ukrainian-language audio guides were launched in Albania and Ireland. With the participation of the Embassy of Ukraine in Albania and the support of the country's First Lady Armanda Begaj, two cultural events took place in Korçë: the opening of the Ukrainian Bookshelf at the Thimi Mitko Central Public Library and the introduction of a Ukrainian audio guide at the National Museum of Medieval Art. "The Ukrainian Bookshelf in Korçë is the third in Albania. Similar shelves have previously appeared in the National Library of Albania (Tirana) and in the public library of Durrës. The Ukrainian Bookshelf project, initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine, has already been implemented in more than 20 countries, including Austria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Slovakia, Türkiye, the Czech Republic, Greece, and France. It aims to raise awareness of Ukrainian literature, history, and culture around the world. "Ukrainian sounds special in the world - as a language of resistance and resilience. As a language of humanity - as opposed to aggression. And as a language of culture - as opposed to modern barbarism," Olena Zelenska emphasized. Guests of the opening of the Ukrainian Bookshelf in Korçë watched the Ukrainian documentary “Leaving Irpin”, a testimony to the war crimes of the Russian occupiers against the people of Ukraine. In addition, a Ukrainian-language audio guide was launched at the National Museum of Medieval Art in Korçë. It became the first Albanian museum to offer an audio tour in Ukrainian. The museum was established in 1980. It is known for one of the world's largest collections of Byzantine icons, ceramics, wood, precious metals, and gems. "One of the most important museums in Albania will speak Ukrainian. This means that Ukrainians will be able to hear about the culture and heritage of your country in their native language and understand Albania better. While Russia speaks the language of aggression, we speak the language of the art of history, memory and culture. Let the language of humanity be heard," Olena Zelenska emphasized in her video address to the participants of the event. Another audio guide in Ukrainian in the framework of the First Lady's project has recently been launched in the old library of Trinity College in Ireland. It will allow Ukrainian visitors, alumni, staff and students to familiarize themselves with the 1200-year-old Book of Kells. This manuscript is considered Ireland's greatest cultural treasure. The Trinity College's library is one of the most beautiful in the world. Its Long Room houses 200 thousand valuable books. The Embassy of Ukraine in Ireland initiated the launch of a Ukrainian-language audio guide in the library in January 2022. The costs of its creation were fully covered by the exhibition administration. Since 2020, the project to introduce Ukrainian audio guides to the world's leading landmarks has been implemented under the patronage of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and currently includes 56 audio guides in Ukrainian in 36 countries. Last year alone, Ukrainian audio accompaniment appeared in the National Museum of the Czech Republic, the Museum of Immigration in São Paulo (Brazil), Schönbrunn Palace (Austria), the Gobustan Historical and Artistic Reserve (Azerbaijan), St. Martin's Cathedral (Slovakia), the Hop-on Hop-off bus tour in Oslo (Norway), the Palace of the Grand Dukes of Lithuania, the Uluwatu Temple in Bali (Indonesia), and the National Museum of Qatar. In 2023, two Ukrainian-language audio guides were launched in the Netherlands - at the Escher Museum and the Abraham Bredius Museum. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine