17 captures 12 Jan 2024 - 12 Jan 2026 Dec JAN Feb 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240112205435/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-sformuvali-vzirec-bezpekovih-domovlenostej-dlya-nashogo-c-88293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We shape a model of security agreements for our time – address of the President of Ukraine 12 January 2024 - 20:11 View all videos n latest news The President of Ukraine met with the U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery 12 January 2024 - 20:54 We shape a model of security agreements for our time – address of the President of Ukraine 12 January 2024 - 20:09 First Lady meets with new head of UNICEF Country Office in Ukraine Munir Mammadzade 12 January 2024 - 19:03 Ukraine undertaking necessary efforts to secure financial aid from the EU, the United States – President 12 January 2024 - 18:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 12 January 2024 - 16:10 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We shape a model of security agreements for our time – address of the President of Ukraine 12 January 2024 - 20:09 I wish you good health, dear Ukrainians! This day has already entered the history of our state: today, we have an agreement with the UK, a security agreement that we have been working on for a long time. It is the first bilateral agreement implementing the G7 basic understanding of security commitments for Ukraine, our defense, our security growth. Various aspects. Direct annual support. We have secured the financial support for this year – GBP 2.5 billion. And overall, during the ten-year agreement period there will be a substantial amount of support every year. It includes weapons. And support for our defense sector. Our intelligence. Sanctions against Russia. Work on Russian assets. Protection against Russian cyber attacks – everything related to modern technologies. It is indeed a very serious and modern agreement. Many have heard about exemplary security agreements of the 20th century between the United States and Israel and some other similar agreements. Now, we have shaped such a model for our time – something that gives us confidence now, while we defend ourselves from Russian aggression, and establishes our strong security positions throughout the period until Ukraine joins NATO. Our key security goal is the Alliance. And now, based on this agreement with the UK, we are working with other partners on bilateral agreements. Nearly 30 states have already joined the G7basic understanding. I am grateful to every state, every leader who is already working with us on security. To all those who will join us this year. And, of course, I thank the UK and personally Prime Minister Sunak for being first and your leadership. Today in Kyiv, I met U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker. We discussed in detail the steps needed for our resilience. We are eagerly awaiting the decision of Congress regarding further support for Ukraine – support that matters not only to us but also to every state whose stability depends on the strength of international law. We must win this battle, and I thank everyone in America – everyone who helps us preserve freedom. We discussed preparations for the Davos summit with Ms. Pritzker. There will be an important meeting on the Peace Formula, many talks on the economic strengthening of Ukraine, our recovery, and our defense partnerships with leading countries and companies. This year should bring concrete results for Ukraine's defense industry – and it will. Our arsenal will become stronger. And, of course, I want to thank all our friends in the Baltic States – the three visits were very fruitful. Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia. There are decisions regarding weapons for our warriors, regarding economic support for Ukraine. Support for our relations with the European Union. Our movement towards NATO. I would also like to thank our partners for supporting our vision regarding Russian assets. Everything that Russia and its affiliates have brought into global jurisdictions must be identified, frozen, and later used to protect against Russian actions. We must make this a global rule: whoever destroys must pay the highest price for the ruins. I thank everyone in the world who is helping! Thank you to all who fight and work for Ukraine! I am proud of our people! It is thanks to the strength of our people that world leaders take notice of Ukraine and want to see Ukraine as their partner. As their ally. We must all be worthy of the potential that Ukraine has. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine