15 captures 12 Sep 2023 - 07 Feb 2026 Aug SEP Oct 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230912215944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kroki-ukrayini-v-kontrnastupi-sogodni-napevno-shvidshi-nizh-85485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:04 View all videos n latest news A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:03 Exerting pressure on Russia works only if there is maximum unity of the world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the Dutch students 12 September 2023 - 16:34 Unite for freedom, for common achievements - President's address to the university community of the Netherlands 12 September 2023 - 16:25 Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with the State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany 12 September 2023 - 15:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Physical Culture and Sports 8 September 2023 - 20:51 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine's steps in the counteroffensive are probably faster than new sanctions packages today 8 September 2023 - 16:18 The sooner Ukraine receives more powerful long-range weapons, the faster the counteroffensive and liberation of Ukrainian lands from the occupiers will take place. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a panel discussion at the 18th Yalta European Strategy meeting "The Future is Decided in Ukraine". "It is important that our warriors are advancing and that we have the initiative on our side. We should not compare what happened yesterday. We must compare where we all were in another life - on February 24, when there was a feeling of occupation of our state. And today we have liberated a large part of our territory," the Head of State said. The President noted that he understands the desire of people to restore the territorial integrity of Ukraine as soon as possible, because ultimately, peace and tranquility in our country and throughout Europe and the world will be achieved when Ukraine regains all its territories. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the war waged by Russia on the territory of Ukraine is complex, and many processes are slowing down. "The war is slowing down. We recognize this fact. All processes are becoming more complicated and slower: from sanctions to the provision of weapons," he added. "When some partners say, 'So what about the counteroffensive, when will the next step be?' My answer is that today our steps are probably faster than new sanctions packages," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He emphasized that partner states do not just help Ukraine, but also maintain the security of their citizens, the freedom and lives of their people - the values that you start to cherish a step before they are lost, for example, a step before occupation. The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine needs specific equipment, in particular modern fighter jets, to accelerate counteroffensive actions. "There are specific square kilometers of our land, and each liberated meter is a human life... The longer it takes, the more people suffer. What is the impact of weapons? Concrete and direct, without abstractions and rhetoric. There is a specific impact of a specific weapon. The more powerful and long-range it is, the faster the counteroffensive is. The faster the restoration of our territory is. If we are not in the sky and Russia is, they stop us from the sky. They stop our counteroffensive," the President noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed gratitude to all Ukraine's partners, led by the United States, who provide defense assistance and strengthen the Ukrainian defense forces to liberate all our lands. ph Participation in the 18th annual YES meeting 8 September 2023 - 16:57 ph Participation in the 18th annual YES meeting 8 September 2023 - 16:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine