5 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 05 Aug 2025 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130115629/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We must do everything to stop ruscism in the same way that the free world once stopped Nazism – address of President of Ukraine 14 January 2023 - 19:41 Can Russian terror be stopped? Yes. Is it possible to do it somehow differently than on the battlefield in Ukraine? Unfortunately no. This can and must be done on our land, in our sky, in our sea. Andriy Yermak, Michael McFaul discuss next sanctions package, plans of International Working Group for this year 14 January 2023 - 12:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a video call discussed with the director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul the continuation of the sanctions policy and the action plan of the International Working Group on Russian Sanctions headed by them for the current year. This week we managed to significantly strengthen resoluteness of our partners to increase supply of weapons to Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2023 - 22:30 And we are working as hard as possible to ensure that it's reflected in the decisions of the next meeting at Ramstein Air Base, which will take place in the second half of January. Address by the President of Ukraine at the solemn session of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania on the occasion of the Day of Freedom Defenders and the ceremony of awarding the Freedom Prize of the Republic of Lithuania 13 January 2023 - 13:15 This day - Freedom Defenders Day - is the right time to remind that freedom is alive when the idea of its protection is alive. When there are people willing to fight for it. And when it is not just rhetoric, but real actions. Actions that Ukraine sees from Lithuania invariably. Daria Herasymchuk informed representatives of Germany and the Netherlands about illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 13 January 2023 - 13:07 Adviser - Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children’s Rights and Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a series of international working meetings on the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children violated by the aggressor country. Head of the Office of the President and U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator discussed strengthening of sanction policy on the aggressor state 12 January 2023 - 23:04 Speaking of strengthening sanctions pressure on the aggressor, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the necessity of applying sanctions elaborated by the Yermak-McFaul International Working Group, particularly against Russian propagandists. The day will definitely come when the Ukrainian flag will be on par with all flags of the EU member states - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 January 2023 - 22:07 Today, I continued phone talks with the leaders of the partner-states. Two more European countries whose voice is extremely important for Ukraine are Cyprus and Luxembourg. Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 12 January 2023 - 21:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with the delegation of the Republic of Estonia headed by Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Jonatan Vseviov and discussed the situation against the backdrop of the Russian aggression and the ways of development of Ukrainian-Estonian cooperation in this regard. Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 Andriy Yermak thanked the new government of Italy and, in particular, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni for the strong support of Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia 12 January 2023 - 19:19 The Head of State noted the importance of political, defense and financial assistance to Ukraine from Latvia against the background of the full-scale war with Russia. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine