10 captures 04 Aug 2022 - 15 Jun 2024 Jul AUG Sep 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220804195342/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-ukrayina-zminyuye-svoyu-politiku-shodo-afriki-76881 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news Head of State: Ukraine is changing its policy towards Africa and seeks closer cooperation with African countries 4 August 2022 - 18:05 You can't be neutral about the war that Russia is waging against Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with representatives of the African media 4 August 2022 - 17:53 The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:43 Ukraine is grateful to Estonia for real support - President at a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 3 August 2022 - 19:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State: Ukraine is changing its policy towards Africa and seeks closer cooperation with African countries 4 August 2022 - 18:05 Ukraine seeks to expand ties with African countries and began this process even before Russia's full-scale invasion of our territory. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized this during an online meeting with African journalists, in particular with media representatives from Nigeria, South Africa, Kenya and Ghana. "We in Ukraine are changing this policy. And we began to change it before the start of a full-scale war on the part of Russia. Even during the war, I appointed a special representative of Ukraine for the Middle East and Africa. We want to expand our ties. It is very important for us. We also strive to find different areas for investment," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President noted that the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine is planning a tour of African countries in the autumn. "I can't do it now because of the war. I planned it before the war, and I am sure that I will do it after the war," he added. The Head of State recalled that already after the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia, he had phone conversations with the leaders of many African countries. "We were able to raise this layer, which our diplomacy had previously forgotten about. And I believe that it is a common problem of Ukraine and the countries of the African continent that we did not get closer to each other during the years of independence of our state," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that in the future Ukraine and African countries will have many joint economic projects. According to him, our state is ready to be a guarantor of food security in African countries. Ukraine also strives for cultural exchange. In addition, our state has one of the most developed IT industries in the world, a very high level of digital services for the population and is ready to share this experience. "I believe that the African continent is an underestimated territory, underestimated countries and the potential of people. Because I know how underestimated our region and our people are. And now, due to the blocking of the ports, the whole world saw how much Ukraine has done and how much it can do," the Head of State summarized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine