12 captures 26 Aug 2020 - 21 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214203342/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cherez-zrostannya-zahvoryuvanosti-na-koronavirus-prezident-z-61921 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Due to the growing incidence of coronavirus, the President held a meeting with the government, heads of regional state administrations and local authorities 27 June 2020 - 19:06 Due to the rapid increase in the number of patients with COVID-19, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a traditional conference call not only with government officials and law enforcers, but also heads of regional state administrations and mayors. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov said that over the past month the situation in the country has significantly deteriorated: at the end of May 300-400 laboratory-confirmed cases per day were recorded, now - 900-1000, the number of hospitalized has tripled. The main reason for this, according to the Minister, is the disregard for quarantine rules. In particular, transportation of people in public transport in quantity exceeding the limits, neglect of personal protective equipment, non-compliance with social distance. The Minister stressed that the Odesa region is a clear example of the fact that careless attitude to the rules leads to the rapid spread of coronavirus. "Clubs have started working in Odesa, stars have given concerts, all beaches have been opened. There was a rumor that no one would get sick outdoors. However, this is not true. As a result, the situation has deteriorated sharply. Earlier Odesa had one of the best indicators of the spread of coronavirus infection, today the number of patients per day is much higher. We are convinced that this can happen in all regions where there is no communication with people. I have gathered here not only the government, but also all the regions, so that we can clearly coordinate and explain to the people the danger of ignoring quarantine rules today. Because, in the end, one thing should be important for all of us - the health and life of Ukrainians," the President of Ukraine said. "If we do not start observing the control now, we will have an even worse result in two weeks," the Minister of Health added, emphasizing that with such a spread of the disease, we need to talk about the readiness of hospitals of not only the second, but also the third wave. The Minister noted that the healthcare system is now working better than at the beginning of the spread of coronavirus, but in any country, medical capabilities are limited in the event of a large influx of patients. If in some regions 40-60% of beds are currently occupied, the current dynamics will lead to a shortage of places shortly. Minister of the Interior Arsen Avakov noted that over the past two days, law enforcement officers inspected more than 6,200 establishments: almost 3,500 shops, 2,000 restaurants, 850 nightclubs and entertainment venues. 355 administrative reports were drawn up, with the largest number of violations detected in the Vinnytsia, Lviv, Odesa, Ternopil regions and the city of Kyiv. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal added that the incidence rate has risen significantly and now exceeds 50 people per 100,000 population. 10 days ago it was less than 40. At the same time, the mortality rate is 2.6%, which indicates a high level of treatment. The Prime Minister asked the mayors to involve municipal patrols in the work of control agencies, such as the State Food and Consumer Service, to ensure compliance with sanitary and epidemiological requirements; limit the work of nightclubs from 10 pm; put municipal transport under strict control, as well as improve information policy and help educational institutions prepare for remote work. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov stated that there is a possibility that most Ukrainian schools will have to switch to distance learning in the autumn, so the relevant technical capabilities should be prepared today. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine