1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053557/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=41 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President: Ukraine does not need strategic partners, but strategic friends 10 September 2021 - 13:24 Ukraine with a high level of professionalism of our citizens is a valuable partner for NATO and the European Union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he answered a question at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Ukraine ready for open cooperation with foreign business – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 September 2021 - 12:14 Ukraine is open to foreign business if it works transparently and creates additional jobs in our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, when he answered a question at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of North Macedonia discuss deepening of cooperation between two countries 8 September 2021 - 14:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a telephone conversation with President of North Macedonia Stevo Pendarovski. Zelenskyy thanked the official Skopje for the strong support of the sovereignty and independence of our state. He highly appreciated the participation of North Macedonia in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform held on August 23, 2021 in Kyiv, as well as joining the final declaration of the summit. President: Today Ukrainian defense intelligence receives standing ovation of whole world 7 September 2021 - 12:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations marking the 29th anniversary of Ukraine's defense intelligence service and congratulated intelligence officers on their professional holiday. President of Ukraine meets with U.S. Congress delegation 6 September 2021 - 18:12 The President thanked the members of the delegation for the constant bipartisan and bicameral support of Ukraine in the U.S. Congress, as well as the support of the efforts of our country in deterring the aggression of the Russian Federation. During visit of President of Ukraine to the United States business partnership memorandum, several important documents signed by Ukroboronprom, Agrarian Policy Ministry, Health Ministry 3 September 2021 - 19:49 During the working visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States of America, a number of important documents were signed, in particular, a Memorandum of Understanding between the governments of Ukraine and the United States on business partnership. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in California meets with founders of startups, employees of large Silicon Valley-based companies from Ukraine 3 September 2021 - 17:14 As part of his visit to the United States of America, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Ukrainian founders of startups and Ukrainians holding senior positions in large technology companies in Silicon Valley. President of Ukraine visits California Air National Guard base 3 September 2021 - 15:08 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Moffett Federal Airfield in California. In honor of the guests, the military band performed the national anthems of Ukraine and the United States. Zelenskyy at meeting in San Francisco calls on top investors, venture capital funds to actively cooperate with Ukraine 3 September 2021 - 13:07 During his working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with top investors, representatives of venture funds and Silicon Valley accelerators. Digitalization is an effective example of fighting corruption at different levels – President of Ukraine 3 September 2021 - 10:43 Digitalization is one of the priority reforms in Ukraine and it is aimed at effectively combating corruption at different levels, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said at a meeting with students and the expert environment at Stanford University. 1 2 ... 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine