1 capture 13 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220313193414/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=13-03-2021&date-to=13-03-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We still need to fight and inflict maximum damage on the enemy in all areas of defense - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 01:05 View all videos pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital 13 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine fights for values of freedom and democracy, therefore counts on support of civilized world - President 1 March 2022 - 20:40 Today, Ukraine is fighting for the values of freedom and democracy, and other countries of the civilized world must support our state in this struggle. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for CNN and Reuters. With Ukraine, the European Union will definitely be stronger - President at the session of the European Parliament 1 March 2022 - 16:14 Ukraine proved its European choice and paid a high price for it. Now is the time for Europe to show that it chooses Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a debate in the course of the extraordinary plenary session of the European Parliament on Russian aggression against Ukraine. President appointed the Head of the Kyiv City Military Administration to improve the defense of the capital 1 March 2022 - 13:46 In order to strengthen the defense of the capital of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a decree appointing General Mykola Zhyrnov Head of the Kyiv City Military Administration. The missile at the central square of Kharkiv is terrorism, and Russia must be held accountable for this in international courts - Address by the President of Ukraine 1 March 2022 - 12:37 This attack on Kharkiv is a war crime. This is state terrorism of the Russian Federation. After that, Russia is a terrorist state. Obviously. And it must be official. We call on all countries of the world to respond immediately and effectively to this criminal tactic of the aggressor and to declare that Russia is committing state terrorism. We demand full responsibility for terrorists in international courts. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 February 2022 - 23:48 The state committing military crimes against civilians cannot be a member of the UN Security Council. The entrance to all ports, channels, airports in the world must be closed for this state . Such a state must not receive hundreds of billions for energy exports. Buying Russian goods now is to pay money for murdering people. Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire 28 February 2022 - 18:49 Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in the area of the Ukraine-Belarus border in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire. Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed an application for Ukraine's membership in the European Union 28 February 2022 - 18:45 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed an application for Ukraine's membership in the European Union. Also, together with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, a Joint Statement was signed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We appeal to the European Union for Ukraine's immediate accession to the EU under a new special procedure 28 February 2022 - 12:19 “Europeans are aware that our soldiers are fighting for our country and, consequently, for the whole of Europe. For peace for all European countries, for the lives of children, for equality, for democracy. And this gives us the full right to do the following. We appeal to the European Union for Ukraine's immediate accession under a new special procedure,” the Head of State emphasized. Stand firm: Address by the President of Ukraine 28 February 2022 - 11:00 When I ran for presidency, I said that each of us is the President. Because we are all responsible for our state. For our beautiful Ukraine. And now it turns out that each of us is a warrior. The warrior in his or her own place. And I am confident that each of us will win. Ukrainian delegation arrived in the area of the Ukrainian-Belarusian border to participate in talks with representatives of the Russian Federation 28 February 2022 - 10:22 The key issue of the talks is an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 102 103 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine