12 captures 09 Jul 2024 - 23 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 09 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240709173147/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/byemosya-za-bilshu-kilkist-ppo-ta-litakiv-f-16-dlya-ukrayini-92033 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Pushing for More Air Defense and F-16 Aircraft for Ukraine, Additional Security Commitments and Decisive Actions by America and Europe – Address by the President 9 July 2024 - 18:57 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Began His Visit to the United States with Honoring the Victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 9 July 2024 - 19:25 We Are Pushing for More Air Defense and F-16 Aircraft for Ukraine, Additional Security Commitments and Decisive Actions by America and Europe – Address by the President 9 July 2024 - 18:57 Our Task Is to Preserve and Strengthen the Resilience of Our States – President During the Meeting with Ukrainian Community in Poland 8 July 2024 - 20:25 Defense Cooperation and the Needs of Our Defense Forces: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Andrzej Duda 8 July 2024 - 18:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Are Pushing for More Air Defense and F-16 Aircraft for Ukraine, Additional Security Commitments and Decisive Actions by America and Europe – Address by the President 9 July 2024 - 18:57 Dear Ukrainians! Now, in Washington. The NATO Summit starts today. We are pushing for more air defense systems for Ukraine. I am confident it will happen. We are pushing for more aircraft. F-16s. We are pushing to get them. We are pushing for additional security commitments for Ukraine, which means weapons and finances, political support. We are pushing for the necessary decisive actions by America and Europe, something that will strengthen our warriors. We are doing and will always do everything to make Russian terror lose. And not only does our country need it, but everyone needs it, literally every partner, all nations. We will restore Okhmatdyt. I am in touch with the Cabinet of Ministers, and the first decision has been made – UAH 100 million to support Okhmatdyt. Another 300 million will follow. There will be other decisions for Kyiv, for the cities of the Dnipro and Donetsk regions, and we will support them all. We will help all the children, all the families – all those affected. I also thank all our people who have supported Okhmatdyt, who are collecting funds at United-24, who are helping: companies, volunteers, everyone who has united now. This is our unity, Ukrainian unity, and it is so essential. I thank the leaders, the countries – everyone who yesterday and today has condemned Russian terror. We appreciate your support, friends! We are on the phone – we are working with our partners now to make sure that no one is silent. That everyone condemns. And we really want everyone to act. So that the decisions that will restore security are made. Including decisions here in Washington, here at the NATO Summit. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine