27 captures 31 Aug 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230831212235/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/domovleno-pro-postachannya-v-ukrayinu-velikoyi-partiyi-brono-85297 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:53 View all videos n latest news An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:48 Daria Herasymchuk: Ukraine, together with the UN, is developing an implementation strategy to prevent and combat violations of children's rights in the context of Russia's armed aggression 31 August 2023 - 21:32 After the victory, Ukraine should be an example of barrier-free accessibility - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:30 The most important thing is to give an opportunity to develop science at universities - President during a conversation with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with the university community of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 31 August 2023 - 17:40 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches An agreement has been reached on the supply of a large batch of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 August 2023 - 21:48 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today was an eventful day. A conference call with military and government officials. The frontline. Our offensive actions. The result of our weapons, new Ukrainian weapons, is 700 kilometers. The task is farther. The important news for the frontline is that we have agreed on the supply of armored medevac vehicles to Ukraine, a large batch. This is what the warriors told me about when we visited combat brigades. The Ministry of Defense has reported on this today. As always on the conference calls, there were intelligence reports from the Main Intelligence Directorate and the Foreign Intelligence Service on the plans of the occupiers. Their plans are hopeless. I held a meeting about next week's international events. There will be significant things. Important negotiations for Ukraine. Another meeting concerned tomorrow. It will be September 1, the beginning of the new school year. Deputy Prime Minister Fedorov and Minister Lisovyi, together with their teams, are preparing a very positive innovation for our schoolchildren, parents, and teachers. Something that will really help. Tomorrow we will present the first details. Today I congratulated Kyiv Polytechnic on the 125th anniversary of the university. It was extremely pleasant and useful to communicate with students and lecturers. Education will always remain the element that gives strength to people and the state, that enables us to develop and become stronger no matter what. And I would like to thank today our students and lecturers, our educators who not only receive or help receive education, but also make the educational process as practical as it is needed right now, when the bright minds of our people help the Ukrainian defense, in particular. Our students have good projects, powerful projects. The Ministry of Strategic Industry has something to implement. And one more thing. I had a meeting with representatives of BAE Systems. The world knows this company very well. And our warriors are already very familiar with the weapons produced by this company. In particular, artillery - L119 and M777, armored vehicles - CV90, which are very powerful. The company is starting to work in Ukraine. Our goal is to have all the most useful weapons for defense produced in Ukraine. And it will happen. We already produce certain items, and we will produce all the necessary ones. I thank everyone in the world who helps! I thank everyone who fights and works for Ukraine! I would especially like to mention the 47th separate mechanized brigade - thank you guys for your advancement; the warriors of our 44th artillery brigade - thank you for your accuracy! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine