7 captures 20 Oct 2023 - 07 Feb 2026 Sep OCT Nov 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231020233104/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-iz-yevrokomisarom-z-pitan-ohoroni-dov-86509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:56 View all videos n latest news Ihor Zhovkva discusses with European Commissioner for Environment implementation of Peace Formula, responsibility for environmental crimes 20 October 2023 - 22:41 Representatives of President's Office discuss implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Head of The Elders Mary Robinson 20 October 2023 - 22:30 Members of Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group led by Margot Wallström participate in "United for Justice. United for Nature" conference in Kyiv 20 October 2023 - 21:48 Olena Zelenska Foundation to restore children's creative and sports hub in Borodianka 20 October 2023 - 18:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva discusses with European Commissioner for Environment implementation of Peace Formula, responsibility for environmental crimes 20 October 2023 - 22:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with European Commissioner for Environment, Oceans, and Fisheries Virginijus Sinkevičius. Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to the European Commission for supporting important decisions for Ukraine during the entire period of resistance to full-scale Russian aggression, primarily in the fields of economy, defense, European integration, and recovery. The interlocutors exchanged opinions about the extent of environmental damage caused to Ukraine due to the armed conflict on its territory. The parties discussed the modalities of implementing each of the ten points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, with particular attention given to countering ecocide in Ukraine and worldwide, which is an integral part of Ukraine's peace plan. They emphasized the urgent need to hold individuals accountable for environmental crimes. Additionally, Ihor Zhovkva and Virginijus Sinkevičius delved into Ukraine's progress on its path to European integration. They discussed the progress in the implementation of reforms and the synchronization of Ukrainian legislation with EU acquis, particularly in the field of environmental protection and green energy. The deputy head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude to the European Commissioner for his personal support in bringing Ukraine closer to EU environmental standards. "Ukraine has done everything possible to implement the seven recommendations of the European Commission and expects negotiations for accession to be opened by the end of this year," Ihor Zhovkva said. At the end of the meeting, on behalf of the President of Ukraine, the deputy head of the Office of the President awarded Virginijus Sinkevičius the Order of Merit, II class. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine