29 captures 31 Dec 2022 - 09 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230503135031/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-terorist-ne-matime-proshennya-ti-hto-viddaye-nakazi-80193 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing a large sanctions package, the decision will be made soon - address by the President of Ukraine 2 May 2023 - 20:05 View all videos n latest news We are preparing a large sanctions package, the decision will be made soon - address by the President of Ukraine 2 May 2023 - 20:05 President of Ukraine had a meeting with President of the Assembly of the Republic of Portugal 2 May 2023 - 18:55 The decision on Ukraine’s accession to NATO is the best way to speed up the end of the war and guarantee peace in Europe - Andriy Yermak in an interview for the Dutch media 2 May 2023 - 13:47 Russian invaders will receive our response to every attack - address by the President of Ukraine 1 May 2023 - 21:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The terrorist state won't be forgiven, and those who give orders and carry out strikes will not receive a pardon – address of the President of Ukraine 31 December 2022 - 17:49 December 31st... Today, this Russian missile attack is not the end of the year, no matter how much the terrorists want it. It's the outcome of Russia's fate. The terrorist state will not be forgiven. And those who give orders for such strikes, and those who carry them out, will not receive a pardon. To put it mildly. Several missile attack waves on New Year's Day. Missiles against people. It's against the people. NONhumans did it, NONhumans will lose. And you and I know it. Terrorists cannot change it. At Easter, they made such attacks, at Christmas, at New Year... They call themselves Christians, they are very proud of their Orthodoxy. But they are following the devil. They support him and are together with him. And I'll tell you about it in Russian. All this war that you are waging, you are Russia, it is not the war with NATO, as your propagandists lie. It is not for something historical. It's for one person to remain in power until the end of his life. And what will be with all of you, citizens of Russia, does not concern him. Your leader wants to show that he has the troops behind him and that he is ahead. But he is just hiding. He hides behind the troops, behind missiles, behind the walls of his residences and palaces. He hides behind you and burns your country and your future. No one will ever forgive you for terror. No one in the world will forgive you for this. Ukraine will never forgive. And you yourself will not forgive him everything that he will destroy and everyone whom he will kill. Citizen of Ukraine! All our services work where there were missile hits. We provide assistance to those affected. Kyiv, Khmelnytsky, Zaporizhzhia, Mykolaiv this time... Unfortunately, there are casualties... My condolences to the families. Most of the missiles have been intercepted by our air defense forces. And these are lives saved. If it were not for air defense, the number of casualties would have been different. Much bigger. And this is yet another proof for the world that support for Ukraine must be increased. I thank all the partners who helped with the air defense. IRIS-T, Crotale, NASAMS, Hawk. MANPADS Perun, Mistral, etc. Next year it will be Patriot. This year, a lot of S-300s were made, which we also received. Each of these systems is a counter to terror, it's what proves the strength of normal people and the ineffectiveness of terrorists. A weapon against terror is a means for peace. And every day – today is no exception – we release our people. A total of 140 people were returned from Russian captivity today. 22 officers, 118 privates and sergeants. In total, since February 24, we have returned home 1,596 Ukrainian men and women. Thanks to our team! Thanks to everyone who protects Ukraine! To everyone who is now on the front line! Thanks to everyone who fights for our country! Thanks to Air Defense Forces! And please, citizens, don't ignore the sirens. Thanks to our energy workers - everyone who removes the consequences of terrorist attacks. It will be the New Year now. We'll be in touch with you the whole time! We are all working. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine