11 captures 03 Aug 2021 - 18 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220218112441/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-oglyanuv-sporudzhennya-oblasnoyi-bagatoprofil-69869 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 20:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President inspected the construction of the Regional Multidisciplinary Hospital in Kramatorsk and observed the implementation of the Large Construction projects in the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 17:07 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the initial stage of construction of a modern Regional Multidisciplinary Hospital in Kramatorsk. As Head of the Donetsk RSA Pavlo Kyrylenko told the Head of State, work began on the site after receiving the official construction permit. This medical institution will not only increase the level of health care in the Donetsk region, but also provide high-quality highly specialized medical care to the residents of the adjacent territories of the Luhansk and Kharkiv regions. The hospital will be designed to provide medical care to 2.5 million residents of the eastern region of Ukraine. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the scale of this project and stressed the importance of the emergence of such a state-of-the-art medical center in eastern Ukraine. The Head of the Donetsk Regional State Administration also told Volodymyr Zelenskyy about the state of implementation of the National Large Construction Program in the region, in particular in terms of repair and construction of roads, social infrastructure. The Head of State urged not to slow down the pace of reconstruction of highways in the Donetsk region. Deputy Head of the President’s Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko stressed that the Donetsk region is the first in the number of Large Construction projects. A total of 54 facilities are being built in the region. In particular, 10 hospitals, 5 kindergartens, 2 stadiums, Administrative Services Center, the City Palace of Culture "Concert Hall of the city of Mariupol". 4 hospitals are being repaired. 42 facilities will be completed in 2021. In addition, 10 departments in each hub hospital and 5 rural outpatient clinics have already been created in the region. ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 14:01 ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 30 July 2021 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine