10 captures 20 Jun 2021 - 16 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071100/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-yevrop-68677 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone conversation with the President of the European Commission 27 May 2021 - 16:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen had a phone conversation. The parties discussed Ukraine's and the EU's efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and its social and economic consequences, ongoing reforms in Ukraine, and cooperation to overcome Russia's ongoing destabilization efforts. In all these areas, the EU continues to provide strong support to Ukraine. The Presidents agreed on the need to intensify efforts to provide Ukraine with the required number of vaccines, discussed the prospects of establishing a vaccine distribution mechanism in the EU and praised the role of the COVAX program, to which the EU makes a significant contribution. The leaders also agreed to continue cooperation to ensure mutual recognition of digital certificates to resume non-priority travel for Ukrainian and EU citizens. The President of Ukraine and the President of the European Commission exchanged views on the situation in eastern Ukraine and reaffirmed their commitment to the full implementation of the Minsk agreements and the Normandy format, as well as the EU's strong support for Ukraine's independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. The European Union remains fully committed to its policy of non-recognition of the illegal annexation of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol by the Russian Federation. The leaders discussed the launch of the Crimean Platform and agreed to cooperate in this format. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen praised Volodymyr Zelenskyy's personal initiative to launch this important international format to deoccupy the Crimean peninsula and protect the rights of the people living there. The interlocutors noted the joint commitment to strengthen political association and economic integration between Ukraine and the EU, and welcomed Ukraine's efforts to realize its European aspirations, in particular through continued close cooperation to strengthen the rule of law and implement reforms. In recent months, Ukraine has made significant progress on reforms despite Russia's destabilizing actions and the serious economic and social consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Presidents agreed that such reforms help strengthen the resilience of our state to these challenges. The parties noted the progress in the implementation of the Association Agreement between Ukraine and the EU, and expressed hope for the launch of consultations on the revision of trade liberalization within the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area (DCFTA) and the revision of the Association Agreement. They also commended the progress made in fulfilling the terms of the second tranche of macro-financial assistance, noting the next steps to be taken, in particular in the area of judicial reform and the fight against corruption. The interlocutors reaffirmed willingness to complete the technical procedures for the signing of the Common Aviation Area Agreement as soon as possible. They commended the cooperation in the preparation of the Agreement on Conformity Assessment and Acceptance of Industrial Products (ACAA), praised the recommendations of the preliminary assessment mission and agreed to begin on-site assessment as soon as the epidemic situation allows. The parties also discussed Ukraine’s interest in being involved in the implementation of the European Green Course and EU assistance in this regard. The Presidents agreed to step up cooperation to support economic recovery and investment. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine