10 captures 19 Jul 2023 - 12 May 2025 Jun JUL Aug 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230719155333/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpeka-nashogo-kontinentu-pochinayetsya-suverenitetom-i-sil-84365 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Punishing Russia for terror is a historic task for the current generation of world leaders – address by the President of Ukraine 18 July 2023 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is necessary to increase protection of Ukrainian cities and ports with the help of new modern air defense systems 19 July 2023 - 16:17 President of Ukraine met with the Taoiseach of Ireland in Kyiv 19 July 2023 - 15:45 Punishing Russia for terror is a historic task for the current generation of world leaders – address by the President of Ukraine 18 July 2023 - 22:49 Special international tribunal should become an effective way to punish Russia for its aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Smyrnov 18 July 2023 - 21:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Taoiseach of Ireland in Kyiv 19 July 2023 - 15:34 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The security of our continent begins with the sovereignty and strength of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 July 2023 - 21:25 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today we celebrate the 33rd anniversary of the Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine. The 33rd of many, many such anniversaries that Ukraine has yet to celebrate. A free Ukraine. Our country will never give up its sovereignty. This is already obvious to everyone in the world. And whatever the Russian terror may be, we know that Ukrainian freedom will still be preserved and will still prevail. Every year, Ukraine will only get stronger and help other free nations to protect their sovereignty and build common security. Ukraine can do this. It can because the lines and words of our fundamental state documents are backed by the strength and determination of our people. Millions of Ukrainians for whom the freedom of our state is their personal freedom. Honoring Ukrainian freedom, Ukrainian sovereignty, and Ukrainian strength, we always honor our heroes. Different people who fought and are still fighting for Ukraine and to whom we owe our freedom. Today, I would like to pay special tribute to the warriors who have shown maximum courage and efficiency for the sake of Ukraine these days and weeks. Soldier Oleksandr Shulha, a mechanic driver of a tank battalion of the 33rd separate mechanized brigade. Thank you, Oleksandr, for your bravery and for saving the lives of the crew! Soldier Oleksandr Levchenko, commander of the Bradley combat vehicle of the 47th separate mechanized brigade. Thank you, Oleksandr, for your brave combat work and destruction of the enemy! Soldier Andriy Holovko, commander of the fire support unit of the 79th separate airborne assault brigade. Thank you, Andriy, for your accuracy and the results Ukraine needs on the battlefield! Major Tetiana Humelia, the 110th separate territorial defense brigade, - I thank you, Tetiana, for the high-quality logistics and professional service! Sergeant Oleksandr Olivko, the 3rd separate assault brigade, commander of a machine gun squad. Thank you for your courage and accuracy, Oleksandr! Junior Sergeant Vladyslav Datskyi - also from the 3rd separate assault brigade, chief sergeant of an assault platoon. Thank you for your strength, Vladyslav! Senior Lieutenant Ihor Dykun, Hero of Ukraine, commander of a reconnaissance battalion. The 5th separate assault brigade. A true exemplary Ukrainian warrior. Thank you, Ihor! Lieutenant Oleksandr Kovalenko, Hero of Ukraine, commander of the 2nd assault company of the 24th separate assault battalion "Aidar". Thank you, Oleksandr! Senior Soldier Maksym Shevtsov, Soldier Andriy Khmilevsky, and Junior Sergeant Bohdan Maksymov. All three are warriors of our glorious "Eightieth" - the 80th separate airborne assault brigade. I thank you, warriors! Senior Lieutenant Yevhen Martsynenko and Soldier Oleksandr Dudun - warriors of Kish Otaman Kost Hordiienko 57th separate motorized infantry brigade. I thank you guys! Thank you for Ukrainian strength! Senior Lieutenant Oleh Spichak and Junior Sergeant Serhiy Sargsyan - warriors of the 123rd separate territorial defense brigade. Thank you for your daily bravery, daily military ingenuity in countering Russian subversive reconnaissance groups! Captain-Lieutenant Mykola Sopko and Petty Officer Second Class Serhiy Tarasov - warriors of the 73rd naval special operations center. Thank you for your very significant combat results! Everyone's contribution is always valuable in the fight for freedom. Ukraine is proud of its heroes! Ukraine is proud of you! Glory to you, warriors! And, of course, I thank all the warriors of the Air Force of Ukraine - pilots, anti-aircraft gunners, and fighters of mobile fire groups. To everyone who protects the Ukrainian skies. Thank you for every downed Russian missile! We have already shown that there are no Russian missiles that cannot be shot down by Ukrainians. And when the Ukrainian sky shield is powerful enough - and it will be! - Ukraine will ensure real freedom and security for the whole of Europe from Russian terror. The security of our continent begins here with Ukraine's sovereignty and strength. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine