4 captures 13 Sep 2024 - 21 May 2025 Aug SEP Oct 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240913221808/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-myunhenskoyi-bezpekov-93189 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In Total, We Have Managed to Return 3569 Ukrainians from Captivity – Address by the President 13 September 2024 - 20:32 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Minister of Defense of Denmark Discussed Increasing Assistance to Ukraine 13 September 2024 - 21:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska Met with Actor Michael Douglas 13 September 2024 - 20:48 In Total, We Have Managed to Return 3569 Ukrainians from Captivity – Address by the President 13 September 2024 - 20:31 Ukraine Must Achieve a Just Peace and Be an Important Element of the Future Global Security Structure – Andriy Yermak 13 September 2024 - 19:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska in the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Met with the President of the Munich Security Conference 12 September 2024 - 12:49 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak, met with the President of the Foundation Council of the Munich Security Conference Foundation, Wolfgang Ischinger. The meeting was also attended by the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office, Ihor Zhovkva. The parties discussed cooperation with Ukraine's partners. In particular, Andriy Yermak spoke about President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent talks with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv and meetings with allies in the Ramstein format. “The victory plan on how to force Putin to end the war on terms acceptable to Ukraine contains concrete steps. The plan is the foundation for discussion. And the principled position of the President of Ukraine is that President Biden should be the first to see it,” he noted. The Head of the Presidential Office spoke about the preparations for the second Peace Summit and the holding of thematic conferences focused on the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, as well as the work to involve more representatives of the Global South in this process. Andriy Yermak and Wolfgang Ischinger paid special attention to the preparations for the next Munich Security Conference, which will be held in February 2025. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine