19 captures 17 Jan 2024 - 08 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240117220745/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundamentalne-zavdannya-zberigati-iniciativu-shob-bula-mozhl-88413 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fundamental task is to retain the initiative so that we can become stronger – address by the President of Ukraine 17 January 2024 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news The fundamental task is to retain the initiative so that we can become stronger – address by the President of Ukraine 17 January 2024 - 22:12 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group presented new research on Russia's circumvention of export control restrictions in the technological and digital spheres 17 January 2024 - 12:04 Russia will not stop voluntarily. For this to happen, Ukraine must win – Andriy Yermak speaking at a panel discussion at the World Economic Forum in Davos 17 January 2024 - 09:26 Andriy Yermak met with Saudi Foreign Minister in Davos 16 January 2024 - 21:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the World Economic Forum in Davos 16 January 2024 - 12:15 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The fundamental task is to retain the initiative so that we can become stronger – address by the President of Ukraine 17 January 2024 - 22:12 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Key points for today. I held a meeting of the Staff. Operational level – the situation at the front now. Reports from the commanders. Different directions. East. South. North as well – countering subversive groups, fortifying the border. There was also a strategic level of discussion – our actions this year. And not just defense. Ukraine needs an ambitious, active perspective. We want our country to retain the initiative, not the enemy. We want the end of the war to depend on Ukrainian actions. The world supports those who have a perspective. And this is a fundamental task – to retain the initiative so that we can become stronger. I also held a debriefing after all the meetings and negotiations within the official visit to Switzerland and participation in the Davos Forum. There were many good, useful meetings. Europe, America, Africa, Asia. We talked to politicians and business leaders. Today, government officials continued their work at the forum. In particular, to attract more business and technological opportunities to Ukraine – to the defense sector. It is very important that we present not only the needs of Ukraine and our warriors, the entire society, but also, despite all the difficulties of the war, Ukraine's capabilities – what we do, what we can do, what we can contribute to the common security in Europe. I held a separate meeting with the Minister of Defense. We are preparing more power for our country. A meeting with law enforcers. In particular, with the Head of the Security Service of Ukraine. The keynote report was on countering collaborators and destroying enemy logistics. I am grateful to the Service for the results. Separately, I would like to address the situation with our journalists. In particular, the fact of surveillance of journalists. The Security Service of Ukraine has launched an investigation and will find out all the circumstances. Any pressure on journalists is unacceptable. Today I would like to recognize and thank all our people who continue to work day and night helping after the Russian strikes. Our rescuers – the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. Local authorities that are truly with their communities, truly with their people. Every Ukrainian doctor. All medical workers. Volunteers. Everyone who helps Kherson and Kherson region, Zaporizhzhia, Donetsk region, residents of our frontline and border communities, Kharkiv and the region. Today there was another Russian air strike on Kupyansk district – two children were injured, including a 10-year-old boy. He was very seriously wounded... One person was killed by that strike. My condolences... It was a deliberate Russian strike with a guided aerial bomb on one of the villages in the Kupyansk district. Kherson is under almost continuous shelling. Unfortunately, there are also wounded and dead. We will definitely respond to the occupiers. And everyone can see that our responses are really tangible. It is also important not to forget to thank those whose job it is to rescue people after Russian terrorists' attacks. Kharkiv: Ihor Fedorchenko, 6th state fire and rescue unit, and Oleksandr Huzhva from the 9th state fire and rescue unit of the region. Thank you! Odesa: doctor Vladyslav Kryzhanovskyi from the Odesa Regional Emergency Medical Center and firefighters-rescuers: Sergeant Kostiantyn Vilchynskyi and Master Sergeant Serhiy Pihar. Thank you! Donetsk region: Vladyslav Halushko, a feldsher from the city of Lyman, who works for the State Emergency Service, and Ivan Ponomarenko, a firefighter-rescuer from the city of Toretsk. Thank you very much! Our Sumy region: Volodymyr Pylypenko and Oleksandr Nebylytsia, employees of the 8th state fire and rescue unit of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, and Vladyslav Lysokon, the city of Shostka, a feldsher at the emergency medical station. I thank you for your professionalism, and I thank all our doctors, all your colleagues, the entire staff of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, each emergency medical team, all doctors, feldshers and nurses. I thank everyone who cares about Ukraine, our people and our country. I thank everyone who is destroying the occupier and working to hold Russia accountable for everything it has done. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine