4 captures 19 Oct 2023 - 06 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231019195941/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-86453 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Minister of Defense presented a program of action; first steps have already been taken to resolve issues raised by the military – address by the President of Ukraine 18 October 2023 - 21:07 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the United States 19 October 2023 - 22:25 Negotiations with France on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees have begun 19 October 2023 - 19:23 Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the President of the European Parliament 19 October 2023 - 18:08 President and the UN Secretary-General discussed humanitarian aid to Ukraine and the work of the "grain corridor" in the Black Sea 19 October 2023 - 16:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kyiv region 19 October 2023 - 12:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the President of the European Parliament 19 October 2023 - 18:08 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola. Andriy Yermak thanked the European Parliament and Roberta Metsola personally for leadership in supporting Ukraine. The parties discussed the recent approval by the European Parliament of the mandate to establish a €50 billion financial instrument for Ukraine, the Ukraine Facility, as part of the amendments to the EU's Multiannual Financial Framework for 2021-2027. "The European Parliament's decision encourages other partners to keep up the pace in supporting Ukraine and bringing victory closer," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The parties also discussed the current situation on the frontline and the importance of protecting Ukraine's civilian infrastructure, including energy infrastructure, in the face of constant terrorist attacks by Russia. The Head of the President's Office and the President of the European Parliament focused on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak invited the European Parliament to join the third meeting at the level of national security and foreign policy advisors. "The involvement of the European Parliament in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula helps expand the circle of those who support it and brings the Global Peace Summit with the participation of the leaders of the Global South closer," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. The interlocutors also exchanged views on the security situation in the Middle East and emphasized the importance of efforts to maximize the protection of civilians during hostilities. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine