9 captures 22 Nov 2022 - 12 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221122201720/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-zustrich-iz-direktorom-yevropejskogo-79345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Aid to Ukraine today is not just a matter of equipment, it is protection against terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the 104th Congress of Mayors and Heads of Municipalities of France 22 November 2022 - 18:53 View all videos n latest news Aid to Ukraine today is not just a matter of equipment, it is protection against terror - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the 104th Congress of Mayors and Heads of Municipalities of France 22 November 2022 - 18:50 Olena Zelenska held a meeting with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director for Europe 22 November 2022 - 16:39 President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 November 2022 - 12:40 According to the agreements between the first ladies of Ukraine and Türkiye, the Odesa children's home was evacuated to Ankara 22 November 2022 - 12:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska held a meeting with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director for Europe 22 November 2022 - 16:39 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge. The parties discussed, in particular, the course of creation of the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support in Ukraine, which was initiated by the President's wife. Olena Zelenska thanked Hans Kluge for fruitful cooperation and support. "We can say with confidence that WHO is our reliable partner in all processes related to the creation of the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support," she emphasized. For his part, Hans Kluge noted: "The experience of Ukraine is unique, and we should study it and share it with other countries in Europe and the world. The world's health systems need to be better prepared to respond to emergencies that cause health consequences, including mental health." Minister of Health of Ukraine Viktor Lyashko also took part in the meeting. The parties discussed with WHO representatives the progress of the creation of the National Mental Health Program. In particular, an audit of the existing system is being completed, a target service model is being developed, after which a pilot project will be launched. "With the help of international partners, we are creating a mental health support system that is unique for Ukraine and even for Europe. Psychological help will be available to everyone who needs it. Such help will soon be available from a family doctor. And thanks to the fact that primary care specialists will respond in time to the psychological problems of patients, serious mental disorders will develop less often. We will adequately respond to the challenges of war, heal all wounds, recover and build a country in which people and their health will always remain a priority," said Viktor Lyashko. The preparation of a national information campaign and the development of a research and educational platform is also underway. Olena Zelenska emphasized that a number of strategic sessions were held, during which representatives of ministries and departments, various sectors, international organizations, as well as experts worked together to develop targeted mental health services and model optimal routes for their receipt. "Last week, we had a strategic session with teenagers, and I am amazed at how open they are, how ready they are to talk about their problems, needs, and experiences. This inspires optimism. So, we are on the right track," the First Lady said. The wife of the President spoke about the digital solutions that are being developed in the framework of the preparation of the National Program. In particular, the WHO guide "Essential skills in times of stress" was integrated into the BetterMe mobile application. It gives you access to stress management techniques in a mobile format. "Our principle remains unchanged: to create our own unique system of mental health care based on our own experience and the most effective foreign developments. So that psychological help becomes as common and accessible as regular medical help, and heals Ukrainians’ psychological wounds of the war," Olena Zelenska summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine