4 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003115737/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy Received the American Academy of Achievement Award 23 September 2024 - 12:55 The award was presented to the Head of State by U.S. General David Petraeus. For 60 years, this award has been presented to state officials, scientists, artists, writers, entrepreneurs and public leaders in recognition of their contribution to the development of humanity. We Need Not to Lose the Next Few Months in War, So That We Don’t Lose the Next Decades – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the American Academy of Achievement Awards Ceremony 23 September 2024 - 12:32 We don’t have much time. The next few months will be decisive. Ahead of us in this war – Russia’s war against Ukraine and all of you because this is Russia’s war against freedom itself, – we are short of time to define what the outcome will be. And we must define it. Zaporizhzhia Region and Pennsylvania State Concluded a Cooperation Agreement 23 September 2024 - 09:50 During his visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Governor of Pennsylvania Josh Shapiro, as well as with Senator of this state Bob Casey and Congressman Matt Cartwright. President Visited Scranton Army Ammunition Plant 23 September 2024 - 01:58 The plant’s capacity is fully dedicated to meeting Ukraine’s needs, particularly for the production of 155mm shells, which has significantly increased over the past year. This Fall Will Determine What Comes Next in This War – Address by the President 22 September 2024 - 22:07 Together with our partners, we can strengthen our positions as needed for our victory – our shared victory – for a truly just peace. In the United States, Ukraine will present its Plan for Victory, and the U.S. President will be the first to see it in full. Ukraine Has to Defend Children's Right to Education from Russian Aggression – Olena Zelenska at the UN Summit of the Future 22 September 2024 - 09:30 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska participated in the format of a video in the event “Shaping the Future of Learning Now,” held in New York as part of the UN Summit of the Future. We Will Continue to Talk with Partners about the Need for Full Long-Range Capabilities for Ukraine – Address by the President 21 September 2024 - 20:28 Today, once again, it is worth praising our warriors for their precision – precision on the enemy's territory. This is a fundamental turning point – our ability to bring the war back home – to Russia. We See a Threat from Russia to Our Generation, We Will Counter It – Address by the President 20 September 2024 - 19:35 The energy issue was also discussed in detail with Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission. Her today's visit has contributed to the sensitive support of Ukraine. There is a new package for our energy sector from the European Union – EUR 160 million. President: The Plan for Victory Relies on Swift Decisions from Our Partners 20 September 2024 - 15:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy intends to present the Plan for Victory to U.S. President Joseph Biden on September 26. He announced this during a joint press conference with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Defense Support, Energy, Use of Frozen Russian Assets, and EU Membership: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Ursula von der Leyen 20 September 2024 - 15:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks in Kyiv with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine