20 captures 31 Oct 2022 - 07 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 31 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221031220359/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-rosijskij-udar-po-nashih-civilnih-obyektah-nablizhaye-78833 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian attack on our civilian objects brings the international consensus on Russia's liability closer - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 October 2022 - 22:38 View all videos n latest news Every Russian attack on our civilian objects brings the international consensus on Russia's liability closer - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 October 2022 - 22:36 Lawyers will put an end to this war after the military and politicians - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the meeting organized by the International Bar Association (IBA) 31 October 2022 - 21:02 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 20:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Petr Fiala signed the Joint Declaration on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic Perspective 31 October 2022 - 19:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Every Russian attack on our civilian objects brings the international consensus on Russia's liability closer - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 October 2022 - 22:36 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Currently, restoration work is still ongoing in those regions where Russian missiles hit today. We are doing everything possible to restore energy and water supply. And we will restore it. Russian terrorists do not have such missiles that could hit the Ukrainian desire to live, live in a civilized manner and take care of each other. And if someone over there in the Kremlin listened to their crazy propagandists and decided that the darkness in Ukraine would help put pressure on Ukrainians, then let them not be surprised at their losses when they see how Ukrainians conduct "negotiations" in the dark. Today our Air Forces and everyone involved in protecting the skies did a great job. Most of the objects that the terrorists identified as targets were saved. This morning alone, the terrorists used 55 cruise missiles for a massive strike, 45 of which were shot down. I thank all Air Forces Commands for this result: South, North, East and West, as well as all units of the Defense Forces involved in protecting our skies. Plus, four more Russian helicopters were shot down today: three attack Ka-52 and one Mi-8. Of course, we will continue to strengthen our air defense. But already now, for every ten hits, terrorists have to spend at least four times more missiles. Russia has an even worse result with regard to drones, including those supplied by its Iranian accomplices. And the world sees that. It sees that the former "2nd army of the world" is no longer even the 22nd in terms of its effectiveness. And we will do everything to make it into the second hundred. And it will be so. I would like to especially mention the units and employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, who both last week and today eliminated the consequences of terrorist attacks. They worked even despite the threat of repeated strikes and extinguished dozens of fires. A big gratitude to all energy workers, utility workers, local self-government, regional administrations - to each and every one who restores normal life. The same gratitude to those of our people who, each at their own level, guarantee that there will definitely be a response to the terrorists. There will be a response on the battlefield. And I want to remind you that the total level of personnel losses of the Russian occupiers is almost 72,000. There will be a response to terrorists in international relations as well. Complete international isolation of the terrorist state is just a matter of time. There will be a response in the area of criminal responsibility - everyone involved in Russian terror, everyone who organized, carried out and justified it, will be responsible for it before the international court. Every new Russian attack on our civilian targets only makes the international consensus on Russia's liability easier and closer. And the fragments of the Russian rocket that fell on the territory of Moldova only remind us how important it is to protect ourselves from this evil together - from rashism, which recognizes neither state borders nor human values. Today, the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic visited Ukraine - one of our greatest friends. The Czech Republic currently holds the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, and this is how Russia treats European structures: during the visit of the Czech representative - 55 cruise missiles. However, no matter what they think in Moscow, Ukraine takes care of itself and does its own thing. Today, we signed a special declaration with the Prime Minister regarding the Euro-Atlantic integration of our country. The Czech Republic has confirmed that it will support Ukraine's membership in NATO. The declaration also contains specific directions of our cooperation for the implementation of NATO standards in Ukraine. We are starting the work on signing such declarations with all members of the Alliance. I had a call with German Chancellor Scholz. I thanked him for the provided IRIS-T air defense system, and informed about the results achieved by the German system. We discussed the possibilities of increasing German support for Ukraine, in particular in the restoration of our infrastructure after terrorist attacks. I also spoke with UN Secretary-General António Guterres. I informed him about the new level of escalation due to Russian actions. Terror against Ukrainian energy facilities, moreover against the background of Russia's attempts to exacerbate the global food crisis, clearly indicates that Russia will continue to oppose itself to the entire international community. And if so, Russia should have no place in the UN Security Council and all other international structures. I am grateful to both Mr. Scholz and Mr. Guterres for supporting our actions aimed at preserving the grain export initiative and preventing the spread of large-scale famine in some regions of the world. It is very important now to prevent this global destabilization that Russia seeks. And we can prevent it. Today I signed three decrees on awarding our warriors. A total of 406 warriors of the Armed Forces of Ukraine received state awards. I would like to separately thank the warriors of the units of the National Guard of Ukraine, who perform tasks in the Donetsk region. They perform them accurately and efficiently. They skillfully defend their positions and put significant pressure on the rashists. Thank you for this, guys! Thank you to all those who make Russia get used to the idea that neither the army, nor terror, nor anything else will help them conquer Ukraine! Glory to all our heroes! Glory to our fantastic people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine