2 captures 17 Jul 2024 - 17 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240717004428/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=17-01-2023&date-to=17-01-2024&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Some Much-Needed Negotiations Are Scheduled for This Week, Including Those on Weapons – Address by the President 16 July 2024 - 19:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation in the Events on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood and the Day of Baptism of Kyivan Rus'-Ukraine 15 July 2024 - 11:11 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The President of Ukraine met with the U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery 12 January 2024 - 20:54 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery Penny Pritzker, who visited our country for the second time. The delegation from the United States also included representatives of leading U.S. financial institutions. We shape a model of security agreements for our time – address of the President of Ukraine 12 January 2024 - 20:09 Something that gives us confidence now, while we defend ourselves from Russian aggression, and establishes our strong security positions throughout the period until Ukraine joins NATO. First Lady meets with new head of UNICEF Country Office in Ukraine Munir Mammadzade 12 January 2024 - 19:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with the new head of the UNICEF Country Office in Ukraine, Munir Mammadzade, who assumed the role of UNICEF Representative to Ukraine in 2023. The President's wife congratulated him on his new appointment. Ukraine undertaking necessary efforts to secure financial aid from the EU, the United States – President 12 January 2024 - 18:40 The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine has made progress in obtaining aid from EU states and other European countries with which bilateral agreements have been signed. President following the meeting with Rishi Sunak in Kyiv: Ukraine and the United Kingdom have signed an unprecedented security agreement 12 January 2024 - 18:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak, who arrived in our country on a visit. Agreement on Security Co-operation between the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland and Ukraine 12 January 2024 - 16:57 This Agreement is intended to further the Joint Declaration launched by the UK, Ukraine and other members of the G7 in Vilnius on 12 July 2023 and subsequently joined by a further 24 states. Head of State had a phone call with the President of Switzerland 12 January 2024 - 10:43 The Head of State congratulated the interlocutor on her election and the beginning of the presidential term. President: The results of the Ukraine – NATO Council demonstrate the effectiveness of this instrument of interaction with partners 11 January 2024 - 22:45 The results of the Ukraine – NATO Council demonstrate the effectiveness of this instrument of interaction, which allows us to improve communication between partner countries in addressing important issues for our state. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the media in Riga. Documents on technical, financial and defense cooperation were signed in the presence of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Latvia 11 January 2024 - 22:19 In Riga, in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Latvia Evika Siliņa, the Agreement between the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the Government of the Republic of Latvia on technical and financial cooperation was signed. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister of Latvia 11 January 2024 - 22:13 The Head of State thanked Evika Siliņa for the consistent and comprehensive support for our country by the government and citizens of Latvia in the wake of full-scale aggression of Russia. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine