3 captures 07 Jun 2019 - 24 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324043504/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/diti-z-rodini-suslyakiv-povernulisya-do-ukrayini-55813 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Children from the Susliak family returned to Ukraine 7 June 2019 - 09:27 10 children of the Susliak family from Khmelnytskyi region, who had stayed in foster families in Georgia after their mother Yulia had been arrested, have returned to Ukraine on the presidential aircraft on the night of June 7. The children were accompanied by Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children’s Rights Mykola Kuleba. According to him, children have been in transit across the territory of Georgia and Russia for a long time and need lengthy rehabilitation. Now it is time to study the details of this case. "It is necessary to find out in what circumstances they were with their mother without proper support, as they were asked to leave Russia, where they applied for asylum," the Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children’s Rights noted. Mykola Kuleba reported that one of the main obstacles to the return of children to Ukraine had been the suspicion that their parents intended to sell them. In particular, law enforcement officers were put on the alert by the fact that seven out of ten children were born by surrogate mothers in one year. "This is to be verified on the territory of Ukraine - how everything happened, at what cost, etc. We have a lot to find out both in the territory of Ukraine and in the territory of Georgia. We do not know what happened in Russia, one child died there. Neither the Georgian nor the Ukrainian side has the opportunity to exhume a body. But the parents provided all the documents regarding the burial of this child," he said. The Commissioner for Children's Rights emphasized that Georgia had not expected such a quick visit by the delegation of Ukraine. "The Prosecutor's Office of Georgia was caught by surprise that children should be returned to Ukraine. But we should give credit to them - they needed only a day to make a decision. We were immediately given the opportunity to communicate with the children, and we began to prepare for departure, establish contacts. I met the office of the ombudsman, representatives of the Ministry of Social Policy and Health," he said. Mykola Kuleba emphasized that the children from the Susliak family should live with grandmothers in one family not to feel separated. "Our task is to unite them in a family and provide rehabilitation, because children are in a grave mental state, and their physical condition must be checked," the Commissioner for Children's Rights emphasized. The issue of the placement of children will be resolved by the child protection services immediately after their return home. The children are leaving for Khmelnytskyi region this morning. ph The return of the children from the Susliak family to Ukraine 7 June 2019 - 08:46 ph The return of the children from the Susliak family to Ukraine 7 June 2019 - 08:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine