8 captures 11 Jun 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230611224418/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-obgovorila-z-dzhastinom-tryudo-spivpracyu-miz-83545 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:39 View all videos n latest news It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:31 Joint address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau to Canadian journalists at the Press Gallery Dinner in Ottawa 11 June 2023 - 20:12 Olena Zelenska discussed the construction of new homes for Ukrainian foster families with Mariam Almheiri, Minister of Climate Change and Environment of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 15:01 Olena Zelenska discussed with Justin Trudeau cooperation between Ukraine and Canada in the rehabilitation of veterans 11 June 2023 - 14:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada in Kyiv 10 June 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska discussed with Justin Trudeau cooperation between Ukraine and Canada in the rehabilitation of veterans 11 June 2023 - 14:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau had a meeting in Kyiv and visited the Lisova Polyana Center for Mental Health and Rehabilitation of Veterans. During the meeting, the President's wife thanked the Prime Minister of Canada for supporting Ukraine, in particular for temporary shelter for more than 200,000 Ukrainians and humanitarian aid: funds for the supply of more than 1,250 generators, support for the Kyiv energy system, and assistance with demining. In 2022, the Canadian government announced the allocation of 320 million Canadian dollars for humanitarian aid to Ukraine, which is channelled through international organizations. Olena Zelenska and Justin Trudeau visited the Lisova Polyana Center for Mental Health and Rehabilitation of Veterans. In 2019, for the first time in Ukraine, it began treating disorders related to combat stress and the effects of traumatic brain injuries, combining it with the best practices of physical rehabilitation. The institution has an additional specialization: psychological work with survivors of captivity and torture, work with the consequences of violence in the context of war crimes. "To cope with the need for help, we need a powerful network of centers with specialists who know how to work with military and civilians who are mentally and physically traumatized. "Lisova Polyana is a center with deep expertise in helping veterans," the First Lady said. "I would like to launch a project of international medical partnership between Lisova Polyana and a Canadian center specializing in working with veterans suffering from PTSD. We see the Canadian Atlas Institute for Veterans and Families at the Royal Ottawa Mental Health Centre in Ontario as a potential option for such cooperation, as it has strong scientific expertise in PTSD, but you can suggest another institution. Experts have prepared a detailed description of the areas of cooperation," the President's wife said, addressing the Prime Minister of Canada. She emphasized the importance of simultaneously overcoming both the physical and mental consequences of the war for Ukrainians, which will be the key to the country's recovery. The third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which will be held this summer in Kyiv at the initiative of Olena Zelenska, is dedicated to mental health. "I have already sent an invitation to the summit to Mrs. Grégoire Trudeau. I know that she is involved in mental health issues. This is an important topic because the war unleashed by Russia has affected the mental state of not only Ukrainians, but also people around the world," the First Lady added. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine