1 capture 26 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220526161002/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-05-2021&date-to=26-05-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Saeima of Latvia 26 May 2022 - 16:25 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Along with the embargo on Russian oil, it is extremely important to stop its transportation by vessels under EU flags - Oleg Ustenko 18 May 2022 - 15:19 Russia will be able to circumvent EU sanctions and continue to earn crucial cash from its oil sales. That is why Ukraine insists on a ban on transporting Russian oil by EU-flagged vessels. This was stated by Adviser to the President of Ukraine on Economic Issues Oleg Ustenko in a comment to Politico. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatar Genocide 18 May 2022 - 13:52 In 1944, expelling the Crimean Tatars from their land, the then torturers were convinced that none of the displaced would return home, to Crimea. Now, trying to occupy Ukraine and destroy our lives, the current torturers of the people were also convinced that everything would work out for them and that we would not be able to endure it. And we endured. And we are struggling to bring life back to every corner of our home. And we are coming back. Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:24 They cannot demonstrate success with general military action in the areas where they are trying to advance. So they are trying to show success through their missiles and other activities. To no avail as well. Today there is a war for freedom again, and again it is necessary for cinematography not to be dumb - address by the President of Ukraine to the filmmaking community at the opening of the 75th Cannes International Film Festival 17 May 2022 - 23:48 We must finally win this battle. And we need cinematography that will provide just such a finale. So that every voice is on the side of freedom. And, as it has always been seen, first of all the voice of cinematography. Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Czech Republic scheduled for May 16-18. Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleague and the people of Israel for their support and humanitarian aid for our country. 7,000 Ukrainians have already received medical care from Israeli doctors. The presidential couple took part in the farewell ceremony for Leonid Kravchuk 17 May 2022 - 14:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena took part in the farewell ceremony for President of Ukraine in 1991-1994 Leonid Kravchuk. The ceremony took place at the Ukrainian House in Kyiv. Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:17 The operation to rescue the defenders of Mariupol was started by our military and intelligence officers. To bring the boys home, the work continues, and this work needs delicacy. And time. Andriy Sybiha met with the Polish delegation 16 May 2022 - 23:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha held consultations with the Polish delegation, which included Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch, Head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of Poland Michał Dworczyk and Ambassador of Poland to Ukraine Bartosz Cichocki. We still do not know how many Ukrainian children died in the occupied territories - President 16 May 2022 - 22:29 Ukraine still does not know how many children were killed by the Russian enemy in the temporarily occupied territories and how many young Ukrainians were forcibly deported. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with the US university community. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 122 123 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine