49 captures 22 Mar 2022 - 15 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323154749/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/20-onkohvorih-ditej-z-ukrayini-pribuli-na-likuvannya-do-fran-73737 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 A website for targeted humanitarian aid in Ukraine has been created - President 23 March 2022 - 09:19 The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:02 Speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at Chatham House 22 March 2022 - 22:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 20 children - cancer patients arrived in France for treatment 22 March 2022 - 18:20 20 Ukrainian children - cancer patients arrived for treatment in the French Republic. The plane with them and their loved ones landed in Paris the night before. They were personally met by the First Lady of France Brigitte Macron. Children will receive the necessary treatment and assistance. "I am here because Olena Zelenska and I have agreed that we will meet you. In France, you are welcome and will be taken care of, and we will exchange information about your condition with the First Lady of Ukraine," said Brigitte Macron. The "Flights of Life" for Ukrainian children with cancer from combat zones have been organized since the first weeks of the war thanks to the agreements between President's wife Olena Zelenska and first ladies of other countries, leadership and ministries of health, as well as due to cooperation of volunteer and medical organizations (see the list below). To keep the logistics safe, first children with cancer are brought to Lviv - to the Western Ukrainian Specialized Children's Medical Center headed by Andriy Syniuta. There they are examined and provided with the necessary medical support. Then, accompanied by medical teams, children and their relatives are taken to Poland to a specially created Unicorn clinic. There, patients are assigned to permanent treatment in Poland or other European countries, the United States and Canada. "There are those who have two wars at once in these terrible times. One that destroys their homes and cities. The other is personal, with an illness. These are the two frontlines for the children with cancer now. We can evacuate them from one war and help win another one," said Olena Zelenska. She expressed hope that Ukraine would be able to send for treatment all those who need it, so that children return healthy to a peaceful country. Thanks to the “Flights of Life” initiative, more than 300 young cancer patients and their parents were evacuated from Ukraine to continue treatment in clinics in Europe, the United States and Canada. Participants in the project on evacuation of Ukrainian children for treatment abroad: Ministry of Health of Ukraine, Professor Piotr Czauderna, International Society of Pediatric Oncology - SIOP, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Tabletochki Foundation, Zaporuka Charitable Foundation, Wings of Hope Charitable Foundation, With an Angel on Your Shoulder Charitable Foundation, Consulate General of the Republic of Poland in Lviv, Children's Oncology and Bone Marrow Transplant Clinic, Ukrainian Children's Oncology/Hematology Association, Lviv Regional State Administration, Lviv Regional Council. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine