3 captures 15 Sep 2024 - 29 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240915013726/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-kerivnictvom-nacionalnogo-demokra-93213 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Putting Pressure on Russia and Doing Everything to Make the War Felt There, Where It Was Brought to Ukraine from — Address by the President 14 September 2024 - 21:23 View all videos n latest news Restoration Projects and Financial Assistance: the Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Special Envoy of the President of France 14 September 2024 - 22:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Delegation of the U.S. Congress 14 September 2024 - 21:47 We Are Putting Pressure on Russia and Doing Everything to Make the War Felt There, Where It Was Brought to Ukraine from — Address by the President 14 September 2024 - 21:21 Olena Zelenska: 75% of Parents Believe That Children Today Face More Threats Than They Did in Their Childhood 14 September 2024 - 20:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska in the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Met with Leadership of the National Democratic Institute 12 September 2024 - 19:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with President of the National Democratic Institute Tamara Cofman Wittes and Senior Resident Country Director for the National Democratic Institute in Ukraine Dr. Marcin Piotr Walecki. Also present at the meeting were the Presidential Adviser – Commissioner for Sanctions Policy Vladyslav Vlasiuk, and Adviser to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude for the NDI's longstanding support of democratic processes and its contribution to strengthening civil society in Ukraine, especially during the full-scale Russian aggression. He also highlighted Tamara Cofman Wittes' personal role in implementing sanctions against Russia during her time at the U.S. Department of State. The Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that the primary task for the President and his team today is to restore a just peace for Ukraine. He emphasized that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is planning to soon present President Joseph Biden with Ukraine's victory plan in this war. Additionally, active work is underway to implement the Peace Formula and prepare for the second Peace Summit. Andriy Yermak also stressed the importance of continued cooperation on reforms related to decentralization, the judicial system, and the fight against corruption. Presidential Adviser – Commissioner for Sanctions Policy Vladyslav Vlasiuk discussed with the NDI delegation the intensification of sanctions pressure on the aggressor state. Adviser to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna discussed with NDI leadership the challenges Ukraine faces in the field of information security and efforts to counter disinformation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine