8 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206040647/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=161 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Next year we will resume the state program to provide housing for participants in the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident 14 December 2021 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on social protection of liquidators of the Chornobyl accident. During the event, he presented the participants of the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident with state awards. Ihor Zhovkva discussed the situation in Donbas and Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with the Adviser to the President of Estonia 14 December 2021 - 15:35 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about the current security situation in Donbas. He noted the importance of a coordinated response by the international community to another escalation around Ukraine's borders, and stressed the need for Ukraine's NATO and EU partners to agree on necessary measures in response to the potential escalation of the security situation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for La Repubblica: Russia threatens Ukraine to blackmail the West 14 December 2021 - 10:47 Interview of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. From January, a thousand hryvnias received by vaccinated citizens of Ukraine can be spent on medicines - meeting with the President 13 December 2021 - 14:55 In Ukraine, more than 40% of adult citizens have already received a full course of vaccination against COVID-19. In January 2022, the list of goods and services that can be purchased for UAH 1,000 provided by the state to every Ukrainian who has received a full course of vaccination will be expanded. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Head of State: We have done everything to make Russia say today that it is not going to invade Ukraine 10 December 2021 - 23:16 During a phone conversation with US President Joseph Biden, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the possibility of creating another platform with the United States for negotiations with the Russian Federation on ending the war in Donbas and restoring Ukraine's territorial integrity. The Head of State spoke about this in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. Ukrainian society does not support coup attempts - President 10 December 2021 - 22:46 Ukrainian society has not and does not support coup attempts in our country. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine must count on its army - it is stronger than any military bloc 10 December 2021 - 21:49 The issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO is a choice of Ukrainian society, but the decision to admit our country to the Alliance is made by other states. Therefore, Ukraine will continue its Euro-Atlantic integration, but must rely on its Armed Forces first. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. One of Ukraine's priorities is to uphold the values of freedom and democracy - President at the Summit for Democracy 10 December 2021 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a virtual Summit for Democracy initiated by US President Joseph Biden. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of France 10 December 2021 - 15:39 The heads of state discussed the security situation around Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked France for the timely support for our state during the recent aggravation of the situation. For his part, Emmanuel Macron noted Ukraine's balanced position against the background of military escalation by Russia. President and the First Lady took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association 10 December 2021 - 09:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena attended the celebrations on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association. The event was also attended by President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Aleksander Čeferin and prominent Ukrainian football players of different periods. 1 2 ... 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine