1 capture 01 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220701125849/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pislya-vijni-ukrayina-spravedlivo-bude-sered-rivnih-derzhav-76157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos European integration of Ukraine is a guarantee of a free and prosperous life for all generations of our people - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 1 July 2022 - 11:53 View all videos n latest news President, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada and the Prime Minister signed a Joint Statement on the strategic goal of Ukraine's full membership in the European Union 1 July 2022 - 13:07 European integration of Ukraine is a guarantee of a free and prosperous life for all generations of our people - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 1 July 2022 - 11:43 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha met with the delegation of the CDU/CSU faction of the Bundestag of Germany 1 July 2022 - 09:51 After the war, Ukraine will fairly be among equal states in the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with 4GameChangers participants 1 July 2022 - 08:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 1 July 2022 - 11:57 Go to all galleries Home News Current events After the war, Ukraine will fairly be among equal states in the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with 4GameChangers participants 1 July 2022 - 08:39 After the victory over the Russian aggressor, Ukraine should rightfully become a member of the European Union, as it pays dearly for the protection of freedom and European values. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation with the participants of the 4GameChangers festival held in Vienna (Austria). Answering the question how Ukraine will change after this war, he noted: "Ukraine has already changed. Sometimes there are disputes in society, but this war united our country. It united the people and the government. And I believe such unity was then transferred to Europe." According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, it is important that after the victory in this war, Europe remains united, and Ukraine is among the EU members. "Ukraine is protecting European values and freedom at a very high cost. Therefore, I believe that Ukraine will fairly be among equal states in the European Union. All this will definitely happen after the war, but only if we know that the whole world is united against aggression, against tyranny, against what the Russian Federation demonstrates by force," said the President. The Head of State emphasized that it is impossible to find a balance in this war, because it is like looking for a balance between good and evil, between light and darkness. After all, the struggle for life in Ukraine and Europe continues today on the territory of our state. "That's why you can't be somewhere in the middle. It is necessary to take a side - I am sure that it is the side of light. And then we will definitely defeat the evil that the military-political leadership of the Russian Federation is currently doing," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine