1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221546/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine's resilience is the future resilience of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with EU Foreign Ministers 2 October 2023 - 16:15 As part of his participation in the offsite meeting of the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with the heads of foreign ministries the topical issues of support for our country during the war, integration into the EU, implementation of the Peace Formula and the establishment of an international tribunal to punish the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 15:15 In his speech, the Head of State noted that today's offsite meeting of the EU Foreign Ministers is not only a significant manifestation of solidarity with Ukraine, but also a new step towards strengthening Europe, adding to its leadership and initiative. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President presented state awards and took part in the oath taking by military lyceum students 1 October 2023 - 14:38 "Today, on a special day, we have a special mission. A mission of gratitude. A mission of loyalty. The ceremony of presenting state awards of Ukraine to those who distinguished themselves in its defense. And the solemn oath of our military lyceum students, who have yet to gain the respect of the Ukrainian people. Respect that has to be earned. But it will be absolute when you earn it with dignity," the Head of State said. We must turn every opportunity into bringing our victory closer – and victory will come – Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2023 - 13:17 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, which is celebrated in our country on October 1 from now on. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President honored the memory of warriors perished for the homeland 1 October 2023 - 11:45 The Head of State laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. President of Ukraine meets with Defense Minister of Slovakia 30 September 2023 - 10:50 The President noted the high level of the defense industry of Slovakia, which is of great interest for Ukraine. Now is the right time to create a military hub in Ukraine - President at the meeting with representatives of international defense companies 30 September 2023 - 10:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of defense companies from the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Türkiye, Sweden and the Czech Republic who arrived in Kyiv to participate in the First International Defense Industries Forum. The principled stance of a warrior is an extension of the principles instilled by their family and teacher – President of Ukraine on the eve of Educators' Day 29 September 2023 - 17:12 On the occasion of the upcoming Educators' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to educators and also awarded certificates for the President's Prize to the winners of international student Olympiads and their mentors. Head of State holds meeting with EBRD President 29 September 2023 - 15:49 Ukraine is interested in continuing cooperation with the EBRD, particularly in the areas of energy security, trade financing, support for critical infrastructure and municipalities, food security, the corporate sector, and more. President of Ukraine pays tribute to memory of Babyn Yar victims 29 September 2023 - 11:58 On the 82nd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the victims of Nazi mass shootings of civilians in occupied Kyiv during World War II. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine