16 captures 07 Mar 2022 - 05 Sep 2025 Feb MAR Apr 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220307123931/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majbutnye-kontinentu-virishuyemo-mi-svoyim-sprotivom-i-nashi-73397 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:12 View all videos n latest news The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 Peaceful people of a belligerent state! We have been defending ourselves against the invasion for 12 days already. We never wanted this war. But it was brought to us. We never dreamed of killing. But we have to knock out the enemy. From our land and from our lives. We have to endure what no other European nation has seen in 80 years. And it is on our land that it is decided whether someone else in Europe will fall victim to the same aggression. I’m telling this to the leaders of the world and I hear that they agree. We decide the future of the continent. WIth our resistance. And our friends - with their help. I spoke again with Polish President Andrzej Duda. They help us. Keep working. I spoke with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson and Prime Minister of Italy Mario Draghi. With President of France Emmanuel Macron and Prime Minister of India Modi. I received very important signals, which, I'm sure, will only strengthen Ukraine. Our theses in conversations with partners are absolutely logical. They are fair. Honest. If the invasion continues and Russia does not abandon its plans against Ukraine, then a new sanctions package is needed. New sanctions, new sanction steps against war and for peace. Boycott of Russian exports. In particular, the refusal of oil and petroleum products from Russia. This can be called an embargo. Or just morality. When you refuse to give money to a terrorist. Boycott of imports to Russia. If they do not want to follow civilized rules, they should not receive goods and services from civilization. Let the war feed them. The international community must act even more decisively. When someone loses their mind, we have to lose fear and forget about commerce. We need to defend ourselves. You have to be moral. Both states and companies. We must fight against the inhuman force that wants to destroy humanity itself. The success of the Ukrainian army. The will of the Ukrainian people.The principled nature of international sanctions. This is the way to peace. At night the invaders fired at Mykolaiv. Right at the residential areas. Using rocket artillery. They fired at Kharkiv, at residential areas of a peaceful city. They fired at other cities of our state. No military sense. Just terror. Residents of Irpen, Bucha, Hostomel and many other towns and villages, which the invader managed to capture, are being held hostage. Temporarily. Until the invaders get punishment. And they will get it. Our Armed Forces know how to do it. The enemy is tired. Demoralized. They came to our land to look for something that has never been here: cowardice, consent to slavery. Any normal person is afraid to look at burned houses. It is obvious. Destroyed panel high-rise buildings. Destroyed ordinary cars. Missiles, air bombs, "Grads", mortars. Against people. It feels like it's in another country. But this is in our country. In ours, not somewhere else. In ours. Which has always wanted peace above anything else. How many more deaths and losses are needed to secure the sky over Ukraine? How do civilians in Kharkiv or Mykolaiv differ from Hamburg or Vienna? We are waiting for a decision. Securing the sky. Either with the power you have, or give us fighter jets and air defense systems that will provide us with the strength we need. This is the help that the world should provide not just to Ukraine, but to itself. To prove: humanity will win. As soon as possible. The Government of Ukraine is already working on how to restore our state after the victory. How to give more strength to the country while we are fighting. A special package of assistance to businesses and employees has been created. Sole proprietors of the first and second groups are completely exempt from UST. Enterprises and sole proprietors of the third group are exempt from paying UST for employees who were drafted into the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other defense formations. In particular, the territorial defense. Exemption from land tax and rent for state and communal land in all areas where hostilities are taking place. All this is during martial law and at least a year after its end. The payment of taxes for all enterprises that are unable to pay them is postponed. And this is only the first part of a large aid package. Government support. All leaders of the central government have a clear task: to develop a system of action so that the recovery of Ukraine is rapid and focused only on people. First of all - on people. For us all to return to peace, to normal work. When we return our land, return peace to our land. I am grateful to all business owners and managers who continue to work and fulfill their obligations to their employees. To pay salaries to people - even if the company does not work as before - is to protect Ukraine. The state fulfills all its obligations. Indexed pensions have already been provided to the people. The salary in the budget sphere is paid as it should be. Ukrainians! There are millions of us. And these are millions of ways to fight for our future. For our state. For our freedom. For our national flag. Blue and yellow. Not a tricolor. We defend our flag because it is our worldview. Under the blue and yellow we gained victories at the Olympics. We unfurled this flag both in space and in Antarctica. Under our national flag, our rescuers, firefighters, peacekeepers, medics and everyone else came to the aid of Turkey, Greece, Israel and Georgia, Afghanistan and Montenegro, India, Italy, the Congo and many other countries. What we have never done under this flag is attacking other countries, seizing foreign lands, killing people, peaceful people of other nations. We and terror are different universes. That is why there is no blood on our flag. There are no and will never be black spots on it. There are no and will never be any swastikas on it. The Ukrainian flag is the land. Peaceful, fertile, golden and without tanks. This is the sky. Peaceful, clear, blue and without missiles. So it was. And so it will be. I believe! I know. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine