9 captures 19 Dec 2021 - 14 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/iz-sichnya-tisyachu-griven-yaku-otrimayut-vakcinovani-gromad-72001 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events From January, a thousand hryvnias received by vaccinated citizens of Ukraine can be spent on medicines - meeting with the President 13 December 2021 - 14:55 In Ukraine, more than 40% of adult citizens have already received a full course of vaccination against COVID-19. In January 2022, the list of goods and services that can be purchased for UAH 1,000 provided by the state to every Ukrainian who has received a full course of vaccination will be expanded. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "Starting from December 19, fully vaccinated Ukrainians will receive one thousand hryvnias. They will be able to spend these funds on the spheres most affected by the pandemic - gym, cinema, museum or concert, buy a train or plane ticket, buy books. At the same time, after listening to the wishes of our elderly citizens, for whom maintaining health is important, especially in a pandemic, it was decided to add medicines to the list of available goods," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State expressed confidence that such a step would increase the number of vaccinations against COVID-19 among the elderly, as well as contribute to the treatment and prevention of other diseases. Currently, the Ministry of Digital Transformation is finalizing the technical possibilities to make the purchase of drugs for vaccination funds available from January next year. In total, according to Health Minister Viktor Lyashko, today Ukraine has surpassed 40% of adults vaccinated: out of 14.1 million, 12 million have received two COVID-19 vaccinations. However, Viktor Lyashko noted that the rate of vaccination has been declining over the past two weeks. In this context, the President stressed the need to intensify vaccination, because despite the improvement of the epidemic situation in the country, weekly incidence rates remain high. According to the government, 61,000 new cases of COVID-19 were detected in Ukraine last week. Today there are almost 300,000 active patients. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal reminded that since December 7, nine regions have left the "red" zone, and now Vinnytsia region meets the criteria for leaving it, so the issue of its transfer to the "yellow" zone will be considered. Also, in order to minimize the risks for patients with COVID-19 among citizens over the age of 60, the standards of medical care for COVID-19 disease were amended and the criteria for hospitalization of this category of patients were expanded. Given the approaching Christmas and New Year holidays, the relevant orders of the Ministry of Health and the Chief Public Health Officer on anti-epidemic measures during the operation of ski resorts were adopted. Denys Shmyhal also said that anti-epidemic measures had been developed separately during large-scale mass events. According to the National Security and Defense Council, the epidemic situation in our country during the holidays should be stable. A new strain of coronavirus, Omicron, is expected to appear in Ukraine this week. But the results of the first studies in the countries where it has already been detected, indicate a milder course of the disease, said Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine