5 captures 11 Nov 2023 - 19 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231111052846/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-prijnyav-virchi-gramoti-vid-posliv-par-bangla-86933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to bolster Ukraine's strength – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 November 2023 - 19:07 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 10 November 2023 - 21:34 The cooperation and unity of all who truly value peace that can prevent catastrophes and stop the suffering of peoples – address of the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Paris Peace Forum 10 November 2023 - 21:10 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of National Defence of Lithuania 10 November 2023 - 20:41 The Head of State accepted the letters of credence from the Ambassadors of South Africa, Bangladesh, Guinea, who have commenced their duties in Ukraine 10 November 2023 - 20:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Head of State accepted the letters of credence from the Ambassadors of South Africa, Bangladesh, Guinea, who have commenced their duties in Ukraine 10 November 2023 - 20:29 During the ceremony at the National Reserve Sophia of Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy accepted the letters of credence from the newly appointed Ambassador of the Republic of South Africa, Shoayb Casoo, the Ambassador of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, Sultana Laila Hossain, and the Ambassador of the Republic of Guinea, Oumar Kande. Welcoming the Ambassador of the Republic of South Africa to the beginning of his diplomatic mission in Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed gratitude for the support from South Africa for the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The President noted the intensification of bilateral contacts at the highest level and expressed confidence in continuing fruitful dialogue with this country, as well as further cooperation with African nations. The Head of State invited the Republic of South Africa to join the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative and participate in the second summit of this humanitarian program, which will take place soon in our country. Welcoming the Ambassador of the People's Republic of Bangladesh to the beginning of his work in Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked for the support of our state's sovereignty and territorial integrity within the UN framework. He emphasized the importance of Bangladesh's support for Ukrainian initiatives aimed at restoring a just and sustainable peace. Sultana Laila Hossain expressed gratitude for the assistance of the Ukrainian government in evacuating Bangladeshi citizens at the beginning of the full-scale invasion by Russia. Special attention was given to the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed that Bangladesh join the implementation of the Formula and delegate a representative to participate in relevant national security advisors' meetings. Prospects for establishing cooperation in the trade and economic sphere were also discussed, particularly regarding the supply of Ukrainian agricultural products to Bangladesh. The President suggested intensifying efforts to establish a Joint Intergovernmental Ukrainian-Bangladeshi Commission on Economic Cooperation. During the conversation with Ambassador Oumar Kande, the Head of State noted that Ukraine and Guinea have significant potential for cooperation in the economic direction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized Ukraine's interest in expanding the representation of Ukrainian businesses in Guinea, as well as diplomatic presence of our country on the African continent. The Head of State pointed out that this task remains one of the priorities for Ukrainian diplomacy. He also highlighted the significant potential for cooperation between the two countries within international organizations and expressed hope that the Republic of Guinea would support Ukraine's resolutions in the United Nations General Assembly. Guinea was invited to participate in the second international summit of the Grain from Ukraine initiative, which will take place in the near future. ph 10 November 2023 - 19:45 ph 10 November 2023 - 19:45 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine