10 captures 10 Mar 2022 - 30 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220310135422/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-kozhnogo-ukrayinskogo-mista-yake-postrazhdalo-vid-rosij-73481 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:13 View all videos n latest news For every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion, a reconstruction program will be created - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:16 Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:08 Humanitarian corridors for evacuation of people were opened in the Sumy, Kharkiv, Donetsk and Kyiv regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 10 March 2022 - 10:58 Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery “Free Sky” artistic action in support of the call of the nation and the President of Ukraine to the world leaders as regards closing the sky 9 March 2022 - 14:44 Go to all galleries Home News Current events For every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion, a reconstruction program will be created - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the government to elaborate a special state program for the reconstruction of every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion. “After the war, after our victory, we will rebuild everything that was destroyed. Very quickly and with a very high quality. A special state program for reconstruction will be created for each affected city. I have already instructed the government to start the elaboration,” the President noted. According to the President, after the implementation of this program, Chernihiv, Sumy, Okhtyrka, Zhytomyr, Izyum, Mariupol and other Ukrainian cities will not see a single trace of the Russian invasion. “The best architects, the best companies, the best projects. For every city! I want to say this on the example of Kharkiv. Our Kharkiv, which is now experiencing the worst suffering since World War II… Freedom Square will be such that everyone, all of us, all Europeans will be there! Poltava Way, Belgorod Highway, Myronosytska Street, Regional Children's Hospital, Kharkiv Oncology Center, Karazin University, Labor Palace, Korolenko Library… We will rebuild everything! I promise you personally,” the Head of State emphasized. Print version n Related news Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:08 After the war, after our victory, we will rebuild everything that was destroyed. Very quickly and with a very high quality. A special state program for reconstruction will be created for each affected city. I have already instructed the government to start the elaboration. News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine