6 captures 18 Jul 2023 - 11 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230718180841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/navit-bez-rf-treba-robiti-vse-shob-zernovij-koridor-i-dali-d-84369 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine, UN and Türkiye can jointly ensure operation of food corridor and inspection of vessels – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 July 2023 - 22:38 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 18 July 2023 - 18:36 Ihor Zhovkva had a conversation with the Assistant Secretary for the EU and International Division at the Department of the Taoiseach of Ireland 18 July 2023 - 15:43 Ukraine, UN and Türkiye can jointly ensure operation of food corridor and inspection of vessels – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 July 2023 - 22:35 Andriy Yermak and foreign diplomats visited the Chornobyl NPP to discuss the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula 17 July 2023 - 21:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the President of the Republic of Korea in Kyiv 15 July 2023 - 13:27 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine: Even without Russia, we must do everything to keep the grain corridor operational 17 July 2023 - 18:04 The agreement between Ukraine, Türkiye and the United Nations on the Black Sea Grain Initiative remains in force, so our country is ready to continue the functioning of the "grain corridor". This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Monday during an interview with African media. "We had two agreements: Ukraine, Türkiye, the UN, and another agreement – Russia, Türkiye, the UN. So when Russia says that it terminates (the agreement – ed.), it is breaking its agreements with UN Secretary-General Guterres and with President Erdoğan. Not with us. We had no agreements with them," the Head of State emphasized. The President emphasized that Ukraine had not violated the agreements. He expressed confidence that even without Russia's participation, the grain corridor should be kept operational. "Even without Russia, it is necessary to do everything to ensure that we can use this corridor. We are not afraid. We have been approached by ship owning companies. They said that if Ukraine lets out and Türkiye lets through, everyone is ready to continue supplying grain," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. "I have instructed our Ministry of Foreign Affairs - after the official signal from the Russian Federation - to prepare our official signals to the United Nations and to Türkiye so that they respond to me as to the President of Ukraine that they are ready to continue our initiative," he said. The Head of State emphasized that Russia is blocking the work of the Black Sea Grain Initiative in order to put pressure on the global agricultural market. "For Russia, this is a format of dumping on the grain and agricultural products market in order to block Ukraine and be the only major exporter from this region. It is absolutely clear: they use pressure to solve their political issues, and to make money for their companies. Pressure on the countries of Africa, Asia, and the European continent. They did the same with energy: gas, energy resources, oil," the President added. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine