1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033046/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=119 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We have to liberate Ukraine and Europe, because when the Russian weapon shoots at us, it is already pointed at our neighbors – address by the President at the Munich Security Conference 17 February 2023 - 18:46 There is no alternative to Ukrainian victory. There is no alternative to Ukraine in the EU. There is no alternative to Ukraine in NATO. There is no alternative to our unity. Hence, there is no and should not be any alternative to completely get rid of Russian aggression. President: Intimidation by Russia on the anniversary of the invasion will lead to nothing, we must believe in ourselves 17 February 2023 - 16:07 Russia's attempts to intimidate Ukrainian citizens with the threat of massive shelling on the eve of the anniversary of the full-scale invasion will not yield results, as our air defense forces are more powerful than ever. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Mark Rutte in Kyiv 17 February 2023 - 15:57 The President expressed gratitude for the recent decision of The Hague to transfer Patriot air defense systems to Ukraine, which will strengthen the defense of our skies. The Head of State also noted the powerful contribution of the Netherlands to the tank coalition. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Diplomatic Advisor to the President of Brazil 17 February 2023 - 13:11 "Relations with Brazil are extremely important for us. We are interested in intensifying bilateral dialogue," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Andriy Sybiha met with the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania 17 February 2023 - 09:47 Andriy Sybiha informed the interlocutor about the development of the situation at the front and the urgent needs of our country in the context of the escalation of hostilities by the aggressor. In this regard, they emphasized the importance of Lithuania's principled position in lifting restrictions and red lines in providing Ukraine with all types of weapons for victory. Culture and cinema cannot be outside politics when it is a policy of aggression - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants and guests of the 73rd Berlin International Film Festival 17 February 2023 - 00:36 We are grateful for Ukraine's support, attention to Ukraine, solidarity with Ukraine. Proof of this is the official badge for participants and guests of the Berlinale – the Golden Bear, which this year has become blue and yellow. Andriy Yermak talked to Azovstal defenders and the First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar released from Russian captivity 16 February 2023 - 23:54 Pursuant to the instruction of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak spoke via video call with First Deputy Mayor of Enerhodar Ivan Samoydiuk, who was released from Russian captivity on Thursday, as well as with senior sailor of the Ukrainian Navy Vitaliy Ageyev and serviceman of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine Vadym Dzhafarov, who defended Azovstal and Mariupol in the spring. Keeping the situation on the frontline under control and preparing for any escalation steps of the enemy is a priority for the nearest future - address by the President of Ukraine 16 February 2023 - 22:25 Moving forward with the further liberation of our land is a priority that we are carefully preparing. I had several important international conversations today. Exactly those that strengthen us. President met with the Leader of the British Labour Party 16 February 2023 - 21:14 The Head of State emphasized that the priority is to further strengthen support for Ukraine from partners and allies, among whom the UK is one of the major. That is why the visit of the Leader of the Labour Party is extremely important. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Israel Eli Cohen 16 February 2023 - 20:26 The two leaders discussed deepening bilateral cooperation in various areas. The Head of State spoke about the Ukrainian ten-step Peace Formula and invited Israel to take part in its implementation. In this context, the parties also discussed support for the Ukrainian initiative in the UN. 1 2 ... 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine