14 captures 10 Aug 2023 - 07 Feb 2026 Jul AUG Sep 10 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230810093429/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/formula-miru-universalna-i-pislya-ukrayini-vona-mozhe-buti-b-84789 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The task of everyone in Ukraine is to increase the potential of our capabilities at the front and weaken the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 August 2023 - 22:36 View all videos n latest news The task of everyone in Ukraine is to increase the potential of our capabilities at the front and weaken the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 August 2023 - 22:34 Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:43 President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Peace Formula is universal, and after Ukraine, it can be the basis for overcoming other military conflicts and global problems - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2023 - 16:22 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the Peace Formula he proposed is an important platform not only for a just end to the war unleashed by Russia against Ukraine. It can also become a universal basis for ending other military conflicts on the planet and overcoming global problems. The President made this statement in an interview with the Latin American media. As the President emphasized, today the right and so far the only diplomatic way to achieve peace is the Peace Formula initiated by Ukraine. He noted that the Formula is primarily about Ukraine, but if certain international institutions do not enable a just end to such aggressive wars and achieving peace, as the example of Ukraine eloquently demonstrates, the Peace Formula can become a new universal foundation for appropriate solutions. "Unfortunately, we are not the only ones, and this is not the last military conflict in the world. And I believe that after the end of this war, such a Formula can be the basis for overcoming other global problems," the Head of State is convinced. According to the President, individual countries may have their own opinion on certain points of the Peace Formula, and this is normal, as any platform is open to discussion. "One can agree or disagree with something. Offer your own solutions. This is what our Peace Formula is based on. The basis must be Ukrainian, because the war is in Ukraine. And the proposals can be from any country, because we value the experience and opinion of each country that really wants to achieve peace, not to play along with Russia, not to play along on the Peace Formula for the sake of future economic relations with Russia. Because this is a game with real people," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State emphasized that it is necessary to prepare for the Global Peace Summit, and he is interested in the maximum number of states being represented at the event. "For us to politically decide that this is the right platform, and that the majority of the world views this Formula as a basis, a map, steps and a plan to overcome this terrible tragedy," the President said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine