11 captures 31 Mar 2023 - 24 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230331183652/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavi-proviv-zustrich-iz-prezidentom-m-81997 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Four hundred days of our defense against full-scale aggression is a colossal path that we have endured together - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2023 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news Bucha Declaration on accountability for the most serious crimes under international law committed on the territory of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 20:45 Joint declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Slovenia Robert Golob 31 March 2023 - 19:22 The head of the Ukrainian state holds meeting with President of Moldova 31 March 2023 - 18:14 President of Ukraine holds talks with Prime Minister of Croatia 31 March 2023 - 17:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The head of the Ukrainian state holds meeting with President of Moldova 31 March 2023 - 18:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu, visiting our country at his invitation. The head of the Ukrainian state noted the importance of Moldova's solidarity with the people of Ukraine in the conditions of ongoing Russian aggression and emphasized the commitment to continue doing everything necessary to build friendly and close relations between our states. He highly appreciated the signals of the Moldovan side in support of Ukraine and the visit of the President of Moldova to the cities affected by the Russian invaders. The head of the Ukrainian state briefed his counterpart on the situation at the front. The leaders expressed readiness to strengthen cooperation in countering challenges coming from Russia and exchanged views on the need for further sanctions pressure on Moscow. Zelenskyy and Sandu discussed current issues of bilateral cooperation in detail. The President of Ukraine welcomed the joint progress in the development of transport infrastructure, in particular, the connection of Odesa region and the south of Moldova by a new railway line with common border and customs control. The parties positively noted the work of the relevant departments of the two countries, aimed at increasing the throughput capacity at certain border sections. Particular attention was paid to the issue of creating a special tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. The presidents of Ukraine and Moldova also discussed the progress and further prospects of the movement of the two states through European integration. At the meeting, Zelenskyy expressed gratitude to the Moldovan side for the decision adopted by its national parliament to recognize the Holodomor in Ukraine as an act of genocide of the Ukrainian people. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine