1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233420/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=33 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine counting on further strong support from European Parliament, in particular in providing security guarantees to our country – Andriy Yermak at meeting with MEPs 3 December 2022 - 09:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a delegation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Subcommittee on Security and Defence of the European Parliament, which arrived in our country. Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 In 2023, under the baseline sanctions scenario with an oil price cap, Russia will have significant difficulties in financing its balance of payments and budget. However, under the implementation of the ambitious scenario, which assumes a price of 30-35 dollars, the Russian Federation will reach a critically low level of oil and gas revenues already in the first half of next year. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the management and members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine the work of business in the conditions of war and related challenges 30 November 2022 - 15:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine (ACC) Andy Hunder and ACC Vice President Tetyana Prokopchuk. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 30 November 2022 - 10:03 Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor about the operational situation on the frontline, as well as about the possible actions of Russia, which it is preparing in order to continue terror against the civilian population of Ukraine. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine held a meeting with the Secretary General of the Cabinet of the President of the Republic of Moldova 29 November 2022 - 12:11 Andriy Yermak noted Moldova's solidarity with the people of Ukraine in the face of continued Russian aggression and emphasized the joint aspirations of the two countries to build modern, successful states that will occupy a worthy place in the single European family. Roman Mashovets discussed the current security situation in Ukraine with the Minister of Defense of Slovenia 28 November 2022 - 22:45 The parties discussed the current security situation in Ukraine in the context of the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation and ways of further assistance from Slovenia in matters of improving our country's defense capabilities. The interlocutors focused in detail on Russian terrorist airstrikes on the civilian infrastructure of Ukraine and the tactics of the enemy's use of cruise missiles and Iranian drones. Only a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine will make it possible to restore justice and punish all the guilty - Andriy Yermak 28 November 2022 - 22:33 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak stated this during an online speech at the conference "Possible Scenarios for the Prosecution of Russia for the Crime of Aggression", which takes place in Paris with the participation of members of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine held a meeting with the U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator 28 November 2022 - 19:35 During the meeting, the Head of the Office of the President and the U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator exchanged views on the effectiveness of the restrictive measures taken against Russia at this stage, as well as the prospects for their expansion. Ukraine needs an air shield and reliable security guarantees - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission 25 November 2022 - 09:34 A reliable and effective air and missile defense system of Ukraine can be integrated with NATO and European systems in the future. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission, which was held in the format of a video conference. Roman Mashovets informed the Advisor to the President of Slovakia about the security situation in Ukraine 25 November 2022 - 09:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzová and discussed security issues and the development of cooperation between the countries. 1 2 ... 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine