3 captures 03 Sep 2020 - 30 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220518040111/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bagato-zrobleno-ale-rozslablyatisya-zarano-prezident-pro-rob-63217 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:37 View all videos n latest news Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:24 Today there is a war for freedom again, and again it is necessary for cinematography not to be dumb - address by the President of Ukraine to the filmmaking community at the opening of the 75th Cannes International Film Festival 17 May 2022 - 23:48 Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Much has been done, but it is too early to relax - President about the work of the Verkhovna Rada 31 August 2020 - 18:42 The Verkhovna Rada has done a lot over the past year, and it is the parliamentary majority that has become the driver of significant, historic decisions for Ukraine, as stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Speaking at the congress of the Servant of the People party, the President recalled his words, spoken a year ago, on the first day of the Verkhovna Rada of the IX convocation, that this parliament will go down in history either as the one that did the most or as the one that lasted the least. "Can we say that you have already completed the first path? Not yet. But the key word, I think, is "yet". Can we say that you are moving to the second scenario? Not yet as well. Thank God. But the key word is "yet" again,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to him, this situation allows MPs and representatives of other branches of government to stay in shape, and the majority continues to work and adopt laws, despite some personalities who try to harm a healthy party body. "A lot has not been done, which is why it is too early to relax. It was a bright year. Saturated and very difficult. But we withstood. Remember how much dirt and lies in your address were heard. All this will not be remembered by future generations. I am sure that only our deeds and results will remain," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that it was the Servant of the People party that became the driver of significant, historic decisions for Ukraine. "We have twice formed a government alone - without bidding for seats or selling even a single portfolio. We adopted the state budget in time, not at 5 am and without taking into account various political "wishes",” the President stated. Among the important decisions made due to the Servant of the People representatives in the Parliament, the President mentioned the abolition of parliamentary immunity, the adoption of the law on the impeachment of the President, the improvement of the Electoral Code with the abolition of the majority system, the beginning of the land reform, which will make Ukrainians owners of their land. Many important laws have been passed for the economy, the fight against corruption, the judiciary, medicine, culture, education, and local self-government. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine