10 captures 20 Sep 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230920162123/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashe-zavdannya-dati-ukrayini-vsi-mozhlivosti-viroblyati-zbr-85669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To prevent turmoil on the global food market, we can establish grain hubs – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at the SDG Summit 20 September 2023 - 01:01 View all videos n latest news Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the Republic of Albania on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 20 September 2023 - 18:07 The First Lady received the Clinton Global Citizen Award, which is presented for civil leadership 20 September 2023 - 14:46 Olena Zelenska in New York: If childhood is under threat in one country, it is under threat everywhere 20 September 2023 - 09:10 President of Ukraine met with the UN Secretary-General 20 September 2023 - 01:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 16 September 2023 - 18:50 I wish you good health, dear Ukrainian men and women! Today is a meaningful day – we are preparing for a strong second half of September. Strong in terms of our international work with partners and the decisions we are implementing here in Ukraine. Dozens of negotiations have already been planned, and there is a clear schedule of meetings. There will also be clear and specific results. Another important point to mention. We are continuing to prepare for the Defense Industries Forum, the first event of its kind to take place in Ukraine. It will happen this autumn. Interest in the Forum is very high. This fully reflects Ukraine's strength and potential – our ability to defend ourselves and help other countries preserve freedom and international order... Already, 86 leading defense companies from around the world – representing 21 countries – have confirmed their participation in the Forum. Our task is absolutely clear – to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition, to provide modern technology to have reliable protection against any form of aggression. Moreover, of course, to share our defense experience among allies and partners. The world must be stronger than any threat to life from aggressors or terrorists. This week, we have made significant progress in implementing existing defense agreements and other support packages. Denmark – thank you for the new defense package, which is already the 12th package. Equipment, ammunition, and missiles for our air defense. Germany – thank you for the new batch of military aid. Belgium – your participation in our pilot training is approved. Thank you! Norway – your decision to provide additional funding for Ukraine's recovery. It's crucial. Thank you! South Korea – thank you for the new financial support agreement! The United States – the new sanctions decision to limit Russia's ability to engage in terror. Thank you! And, of course, our warriors. All brigades and units currently in combat. Kharkiv, Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia, Kherson regions. And those who have already achieved important results for Ukraine this week, and those who, I am confident, are preparing to contribute to Ukraine's success. Thank you! We are all proud of our warriors and are committed to strengthening our defense and security forces! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine