5 captures 10 Jul 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240710102234/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chornomorskij-region-teper-zavzhdi-bude-vilnim-vid-rosijskog-91981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Pushing for More Air Defense and F-16 Aircraft for Ukraine, Additional Security Commitments and Decisive Actions by America and Europe – Address by the President 9 July 2024 - 18:57 View all videos n latest news We Hope that U.S. Policy on Supporting Ukraine Will Not Change After the Elections – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 July 2024 - 10:56 Together with America, the World Is Capable of Doing the Right Things – Speech by Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Institute 10 July 2024 - 04:17 Olena Zelenska: I Hope for the Inclusion of the American National Military Medical Center in the Medical Partnership Program with Ukraine 9 July 2024 - 23:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Began His Visit to the United States with Honoring the Victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Black Sea Region Will Always Be Free from Russian Dominance – President Congratulated Navy Servicemen in Odesa 7 July 2024 - 19:52 On Ukrainian Navy Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Navy servicemen in Odesa and presented them with state awards. “Over the course of this war, Ukraine has gained an entirely new status in the Black Sea region – this region will now always be free from Russian dominance. Our state will always have its own fleet – a modern fleet, its own influence and a clear strategy of action – the new Maritime Strategy of Ukraine. None of this would be possible without the bravery and achievements of our Ukrainian marines,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President noted the heroism of sailors, warriors of the River Flotilla, naval aviators, anti-aircraft gunners, and artillerymen. He also added that all Ukrainians should always remember what our warriors are going through and the cost of defending Ukraine's independence. The attendees honored the memory of the fallen heroes. The President awarded the Golden Star Order of the Hero of Ukraine to Junior Sergeant Vladyslav Andrushchenko , who took part in the liberation of Makarivka and Staromayorske in the Donetsk region. Last October, he led an assault group of a marine company that crossed the Dnipro River, successfully landed on the left bank and approached the village of Krynky. This year, the warriors forced the Russian occupiers to retreat from key positions there and expanded their foothold. Vladyslav Andrushchenko was repeatedly wounded but returned to the battlefield after treatment. The Cross of Military Merit was awarded by the President of Ukraine to the following warriors: Junior Sergeant Yaroslav Koziychuk . Last December, a combat group under his command landed on the left bank of the Dnipro River, took over enemy positions, stormed strongholds, destroyed armored vehicles and occupiers' personnel. Senior Sailor Vitaliy Kosheliuk . He led an assault group that conducted offensive operations in Krynky, Kherson region. During April and May, he destroyed two armored personnel carriers and three vehicles, five dugouts, an enemy antenna and 17 Russian invaders. Captain Vasyl Pushkash . He organized the evacuation of wounded and fallen brothers-in-arms from positions on the left bank of the Dnipro River. In the spring, he conducted a riverine assault operation near Krynky. His unit stormed the positions of the Russian occupiers, captured the enemy's electronic warfare complex and conducted reconnaissance of the territories, which allowed the Special Operations Forces to gain a foothold in new positions. The President also awarded the defenders with the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III class, For Courage, II and III class, Princess Olga, III class, and Danylo Halytskyi. The Head of State presented the honorary distinctions "For Courage and Bravery" to the 26th and 27th separate river boat divisions of the River Flotilla of the Ukrainian Navy. v Videos ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa Region 7 July 2024 - 15:17 ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa Region 7 July 2024 - 15:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine