2 captures 01 Jul 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Jun JUL Aug 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230701225925/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oleksij-kuleba-zustrivsya-z-direktorom-mizhnarodnogo-respubl-83965 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All those who help aggressor to receive response of Ukraine and the whole world – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 21:28 View all videos n latest news All those who help aggressor to receive response of Ukraine and the whole world – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 21:26 When Russians withdraw from Zaporizhzhia NPP, its territory would require careful check to exclude remote detonation possibility – President in interview with Spanish media 1 July 2023 - 20:34 Russia may stage terrorist attack on ZNPP to scare the world with consequences of war, politically influence Ukraine's counteroffensive – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 18:22 President of Ukraine holds meeting in Kyiv with Prime Minister of Spain, which takes over Presidency of the Council of the EU 1 July 2023 - 17:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain in Kyiv 1 July 2023 - 16:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba meets with director of International Republican Institute in Ukraine 30 June 2023 - 18:52 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the head of the Office of the President, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba held a meeting with Director of the International Republican Institute in Ukraine Michael Druckman. The interlocutors discussed further cooperation and the development of communities and regions in the conditions of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation. "I am sincerely grateful to foreign partners for their contribution to the development of governance in Ukraine. In the conditions of war, it is important to maintain horizontal control. However, it is worth providing an effective vertical where the security situation requires it," Kuleba said. Representatives of the International Republican Institute in Ukraine presented a study that proved trust in the Ukrainian government among Ukrainians and support for integration into the EU and NATO. In addition, 84% of the study participants consider Ukraine's future promising. "Our municipal survey showed that Ukrainians believe in a promising future for their cities and want to participate in determining reconstruction priorities jointly with local authorities. Therefore, for the successful recovery of Ukraine, it is crucial to ensure genuine interaction between citizens, local and central authorities," Druckman said. The meeting participants also discussed the International Republican Institute's support for the activities of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine and Regional Offices for International Cooperation. In addition, the deputy head of the Office of the President spoke about the action plan for discussing the new doctrine of Ukraine's development. "We all have a lot of joint work ahead of us to implement the doctrinal plans for Ukraine's transformation, which the President of Ukraine announced to the parliament on the occasion of Constitution Day," Kuleba said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine