9 captures 23 Jun 2022 - 07 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220623005657/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oboronna-ta-politichna-pidtrimka-ukrayini-z-boku-italiyi-ye-75985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To liberate our land and achieve victory is our national goal, which we must work on every day - address by the President of Ukraine 23 June 2022 - 00:19 View all videos n latest news To liberate our land and achieve victory is our national goal, which we must work on every day - address by the President of Ukraine 23 June 2022 - 00:20 EU candidate status will be a new page in the history of Ukraine and a great motivation for the army and society - President during communication with students 22 June 2022 - 22:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy – to students of Canadian universities: Do not allow forgetting about the war in Ukraine 22 June 2022 - 21:35 We are fighting for our future, our freedom, our land and the opportunity to build a new Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the student community of major Canadian universities 22 June 2022 - 21:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Luxembourg in Kyiv 21 June 2022 - 16:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Italy's defense and political support for Ukraine is an investment in our common free future - Andriy Yermak 22 June 2022 - 19:35 Italy's defense and political support for Ukraine is an investment in its own security and the common free future of both countries. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview with the TV project Porta a Porta of the Italian TV channel Rai 1. "We are very grateful to the Italians, to the Italian government, to all of you for what you are doing for Ukraine. We will never forget that. We are grateful for the weapons and the loud voice in support of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership. But please understand: this is not a charity, but an investment in your own security, in our common peace, in our common free future," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the President's Office noted that today the Russian aggressor is trying to occupy the entire territory of Ukraine, as happened with Crimea and part of Donbas. Commenting on the impact of the war in Ukraine on the economic situation in Italy, Andriy Yermak stressed that today Ukrainians are giving their lives for the future of Europe. "Sometimes you pay with money, and Ukrainians pay with their lives. And not just for themselves. One of the hits of the very popular Italian singer Mina has the following lines: Non cambi mai. These words can be addressed to Russia: "You never change." So if they succeed in Ukraine now, Russia will not stop. And the Italians will have to pay more. And it will be good, if only with money," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the President's Office stressed that Ukraine will fight the Russian aggressor as long as it takes to win. "We are not afraid of anyone, we are fighting for our country, for our land. We don't need someone else’s property. We are fighting for what is ours," Andriy Yermak said. According to him, for more than three months Ukraine has been proving on the battlefield that the truth is on its side, and that is why the support for our country by European partners is very important today. "If we receive all the support we have agreed upon and which was confirmed by our partners in time, our victory will be faster. And the risks for the whole of Europe that this war will engulf other countries will be reduced," the Head of the President's Office stressed. Andriy Yermak noted the importance of the visits of European leaders to Ukraine, in particular the visit of the Prime Minister of Italy Mario Draghi, which took place last week. According to the Head of the Office of the President, the Italian Prime Minister had an opportunity to see the consequences of the crimes of the Russian occupiers during his visit to the suburbs of Kyiv. "There is only one way out (of the situation related to Russian aggression - ed.) - our victory. And our victory will be yours as well,” the Head of the President's Office emphasized. He noted that he has special respect for the history of Italy and the traditions of this country, so he delivered part of his speech on the air in Italian. "I want to say that I have been to Italy many times, and each time it impressed me with something. Nature. Culture. History. People. But most of all - your sincerity and hospitality. And, probably, these features are what unite our peoples the most," Andriy Yermak said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine