17 captures 25 Feb 2024 - 17 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240225002355/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-buti-v-yednosti-yak-cogo-vimagaye-nasha-z-vami-spilna-89249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:28 View all videos n latest news Only Ukraine's invitation to NATO will give Europe and the world real chances to return to true security – Andriy Yermak 24 February 2024 - 23:22 The President participated in a video call of G7 leaders initiated by Italy on the occasion of the second anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine 24 February 2024 - 20:48 The President of Ukraine met with Sweden's Minister for Defence 24 February 2024 - 20:09 We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:26 Dear colleagues! First, I want to thank you on behalf of all Ukrainians for the vital support for our nation and people. Thanks to our cooperation, millions in Ukraine and in neighboring countries around Russia can feel that their homeland will not become Putin’s backyard. We started this way together two years ago, not sure what challenges would lie-ahead. But now, we can clearly say that our leadership is sufficient to restore security. When the world's leading democracies are truly determined, this determination overcomes all challenges. We have already achieved much – and the world feels that Putin can lose this war. And when he loses, it will mean that not just someone wins, but the entire global community of nations – and international law as such – will prevail. We must ensure this. Please remember that imperial ambitions and revanchism can be defeated only together with those infected by them, and this is what opens the space for true security and the development of democracy. We hear now – “history is watching,” – and this is absolutely true. I thank you for these two years together. That terrible day of February 24th and the horror brought by Russia, still did not deprive Ukraine of a normal future. We stood against the strikes. We are reclaiming what belongs to us, and will certainly make the Putin-system pay the proper price for every Russian evil. But we must be decisive – exactly as necessary for our common success. We must keep the principle – just so that justice wins. We must be active and tireless exactly as what it takes to protect as many human lives as possible. And we must be united just as our victory demands – our common victory. Georgia, I am grateful to you for this joint format today. I wish Italy a productive presidency in the Group of Seven. I am confident – this year we will not only implement every agreement already reached, but also add to our cooperation. Ursula, Madam President; Justin, Mr. Prime Minister; Charles, Mr. President; Olaf, Mr. Chancellor; Rishi, Mr. Prime Minister; Prime Minister Kishida; and of course, President Biden; and Minister Sejourne and all of France – I thank each of you for your leadership, for your engagement and for making the world keep the trust in you. You know very well all we need to keep our sky protected; to strengthen our military on the land; and you know all we need to sustain and continue our success in the sea; and you know perfectly well that we need all this in time. We count on you. Thank you! C лава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine