3 captures 12 Mar 2024 - 05 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240312165436/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-89525 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There should be no place of rest for the occupier – address by the President of Ukraine 11 March 2024 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 11 March 2024 - 23:29 There should be no place of rest for the occupier – address by the President of Ukraine 11 March 2024 - 20:56 More air defense systems and means of destruction of Russian aviation bring peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 10 March 2024 - 22:08 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed the results of the international conference in support of Ukraine 10 March 2024 - 21:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and the First Lady took part in the 2024 Taras Shevchenko National Prize ceremony 9 March 2024 - 16:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 5 March 2024 - 11:45 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. The parties discussed the current situation at the frontline and the actions of the Ukrainian Defense Forces to repel the Russian invasion. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that every day and night Ukrainian cities and communities suffer from aerial attacks by Russia, so the need to bolster the air defense system of Ukraine remains extremely acute. Jake Sullivan assured his interlocutor that the U.S. Presidential Administration continues to engage in a dialogue with congressmen of both parties to reach an agreement on the approval of funding for Ukraine as soon as possible. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to Jake Sullivan, the entire team of U.S. President Joseph Biden, both houses and parties of the U.S. Congress and the American people for their constant attention and unwavering support for Ukraine, which is countering Russian aggression and fighting for freedom and democracy in Europe. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine