1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022910/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=26 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak met with the famous British historian, Professor Timothy Ash 15 February 2023 - 16:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with British historian, journalist and writer, Professor of European Studies in the University of Oxford Timothy Garton Ash, who is on a visit to our country. Andriy Yermak held a briefing for heads of diplomatic missions of the EU countries on the priorities of sanctions policy 14 February 2023 - 19:34 The main focus was on the need to further strengthen sanctions pressure on the aggressor country in the context of the adoption of the 10th EU sanctions package, which is to be approved on the eve of the anniversary of Russia's full-scale military invasion of Ukraine. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States 14 February 2023 - 08:41 The parties discussed the strong support the United States will continue to provide Ukraine as the anniversary of the war approaches and the importance of our continued communication. Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on the establishment of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine 13 February 2023 - 20:43 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on the issue of establishing a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Office of Ukraine's President presents two acceptable ways of creating tribunal against Russian leaders 10 February 2023 - 19:15 At a meeting with French journalists, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov spoke about the most desirable ways for Ukraine to create an international tribunal. The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a briefing for the G7 ambassadors of on strengthening sanctions against Russia 8 February 2023 - 15:29 First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Vladyslav Vlasiuk held a meeting with the ambassadors of the Group of Seven (G7) to discuss strengthening sanctions against Russia. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov met with the OECD delegation 7 February 2023 - 21:38 The parties discussed the opening of an OECD office in Kyiv and a plan of cooperation in the context of Ukraine's steps towards becoming a member of the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine's accession to the EU is an integral part of our victory 6 February 2023 - 20:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the States General (Parliament) of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. President emphasizes: every defender of Ukraine released from captivity should feel that the state is grateful to him, takes care of him and guides him through life – Yermak on release of 116 soldiers 4 February 2023 - 17:04 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak listened to the reports of representatives of the Coordinating Staff for the POWs Treatment regarding another successful operation to release people from Russian captivity, during which 116 servicemen returned. Ihor Zhovkva discusses Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with President of NATO PA 4 February 2023 - 09:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with President of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly Joëlle Garriaud-Maylam. 1 2 ... 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine