1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408183826/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-04-2021&date-to=08-04-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine is an integral part of Europe and the democratic world and deserves to be at the center of the European security system - Head of the President's Office 4 April 2022 - 22:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that today no one has any doubts that the Ukrainian state is a full-fledged part of Europe and deserves to be at the center of an effective European security system. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Romanian Parliament 4 April 2022 - 21:26 Together we must stop these inadequate people who are accustomed to impunity and therefore decided that they are allowed absolutely everything. Together we must stop those who want genocide in Europe. Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 The crimes committed by the Russian military against civilians in the Ukrainian cities of Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel and other settlements in the Kyiv region are genocide of the Ukrainian people. This was emphasized by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. Delaying the negotiation process by Russia will have negative consequences for it - President of Ukraine 4 April 2022 - 18:24 Peace in Ukraine is impossible without victory, and victory can be achieved through diplomacy in parallel with the fighting of the Ukrainian army. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with international and Ukrainian journalists in Bucha, Kyiv region. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy already has a plan for Ukraine's economic revival on the table - Andriy Yermak 4 April 2022 - 17:41 The restoration of Ukrainian cities will begin immediately after their liberation from the Russian occupiers. A plan for Ukraine's economic revival has already been prepared. This was announced byHead of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Bucha, where he talked to local residents and journalists 4 April 2022 - 17:05 The Head of State visited the humanitarian aid center and talked to local residents. Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiates creation of a special mechanism to help bring to justice those involved in crimes against the Ukrainian people 3 April 2022 - 22:21 According to the President, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Office of the Prosecutor General, the National Police, the Security Service, intelligence and other structures within their competence must make every effort to ensure that this mechanism works immediately. It is time to do everything to make the war crimes of the Russian military the last manifestation of this evil on earth - address by the President of Ukraine 3 April 2022 - 21:22 I am sure the time will come and the whole line of the state border of Ukraine will be restored. And for this to happen sooner, we must all be focused, ready to boldly face evil and respond to every criminal act against Ukraine, against our people, against our freedom. President paid a visit to the wounded border guards at the Main Military Medical Center and presented state awards 3 April 2022 - 17:29 The President presented state awards to eight border guards from various units. They were wounded in battles for Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Hostomel, as well as in clashes with enemy sabotage groups. Do everything you can for us to withstand together in this war for our freedom and independence - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 April 2022 - 00:05 When people defend themselves in a war of annihilation, when there is a question of the lives or deaths of millions, there are no unimportant things. There are no unimportant moments. Everything matters. And everyone can contribute to the victory of all. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 109 110 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine