4 captures 13 May 2021 - 22 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-zi-spikerom-sejmasu-litovskoyi-res-68405 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania 12 May 2021 - 18:41 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania Viktorija Čmilytė-Nielsen. The Ukrainian President noted the importance of the Speaker's first official visit to Ukraine as evidence of the traditionally high dynamics of the Ukrainian-Lithuanian political dialogue. The President thanked Lithuania for supporting Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. "We are very grateful for your continued support. Since the beginning of the war, Lithuania has been the first to support Ukraine and has not recognized the annexation of Crimea," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President invited the Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania to the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the decision of President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda to take part in the inaugural summit of the Crimean Platform. "This is an important moment for us, as there has not been a platform for the deoccupation of the Crimean peninsula for many years," the President stressed. The interlocutors discussed measures taken by Ukraine and Lithuania to overcome the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and noted the importance of ensuring equitable access of the countries to certified vaccines. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Viktorija Čmilytė-Nielsen and all deputies of the Seimas for the adoption on April 27 of the Resolution condemning the provocative actions of the Russian Federation and expressing support for our state. "It is such decisive steps by our international partners that helped reduce the degree of tension along Ukraine's borders and in the temporarily occupied Crimea," the President said. At the same time, the President urged not to lose vigilance and to take effective measures to deter Russia's aggressive actions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the Speaker of the Seimas about the lasting militarization of the Crimean peninsula and the rapid deterioration of the humanitarian situation as a result of human rights violations by the occupation authorities. The President commended the desire of the Lithuanian delegation to visit the administrative border with the occupied Crimea in the Kherson region and to communicate with internally displaced persons. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also praised the formation of a parliamentary platform on the deoccupation of Crimea on May 11, 2021 in the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania. The President positively noted the high dynamics of Ukrainian-Lithuanian inter-parliamentary cooperation both in the bilateral format and within the inter-parliamentary assemblies of international organizations. "I look forward to further strengthening cooperation between the legislators of Ukraine and the Republic of Lithuania," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The parties also discussed Ukraine's strategic goal of political association and economic integration into the European Union. The President noted the importance of signing a joint Declaration of the Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania on Ukraine's European prospect. "Lithuania was the first to sign a bilateral Declaration in support of Ukraine's aspirations for the European Union. I want to thank President Nausėda for this," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine called on Lithuania to help convince European partners of the expediency of signing bilateral declarations on the European prospect with Ukraine. The Speaker of the Lithuanian Seimas reaffirmed the invitation previously expressed to Volodymyr Zelenskyy by Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda to take part in the Fourth International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine, which will be held in Vilnius on July 7-8, 2021. The President of Ukraine thanked the Lithuanian side for intensifying the preparatory process for the conference. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine