15 captures 01 Jul 2024 - 27 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240701194654/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cej-misyac-mozhe-prinesti-ukrayini-she-bilshe-sili-zokrema-v-91909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 View all videos n latest news This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 President Met with the Delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives 1 July 2024 - 18:57 Strikes on the Russian Border Areas Helped Protect Lives; So Will Further Decisions – Address by the President 30 June 2024 - 19:52 Olena Zelenska: The Ukrainian Center in Lithuania Brings Back to Our People the Opportunities Taken Away by the Russian Attack 30 June 2024 - 11:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Takes Part in the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This Month Can Bring Ukraine Even More Strength, in Particular in Protecting the Sky – Address by the President of Ukraine 1 July 2024 - 19:43 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! Briefly about this day. Morning briefing with the military. Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi, Chief of the General Staff Barhylevych. We discussed key frontline directions – including Pokrovsk and other areas in the Donetsk region, as well as the Kharkiv region. We also discussed some of our fundamental decisions – steps we are preparing to ensure the occupiers lose more of their logistics, more of their equipment, and more of their hopes to expand the war. For Russia, all this must end in defeat – and only then will the very idea of a war against Ukraine be defeated. We are doing everything for this with both weapons and diplomacy. These processes are proceeding hand in hand. And I thank everyone who shows enough resilience, enough resolve, and enough personal activity – including by keeping the world mobilized in our support. Despite everything. Despite any political waves and changes in sentiment. We unite everyone in the world by striving for justice – and only that – for ourselves, and therefore for any nation that may similarly suffer from external aggression. Today, I held several meetings with our international relations team. The team of the Office and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. We thoroughly discussed all the plans for July in detail – this month can bring Ukraine even more strength, in particular in protecting the sky and bringing real security to our country. We clearly see what we need to achieve in negotiations with partners – primarily American ones. Today, I also met with a congressional delegation – a bipartisan delegation from the House of Representatives. I thanked America, all American friends of Ukraine and the rules-based international order. It is very important to maintain an unwavering belief that life must prevail over the Russian war and all of Putin's hostile ambitions. This is absolutely possible. But it is possible only with the continued courage not only of our own people but also of our partners. Long-range weapons, fighter jets for Ukraine – of sufficient quality and quantity, and more air defense systems – are crucial factors affecting the entire course of this war. And they must impact it exclusively in our favor – in the shared interests of all nations who value life and want a peaceful world. And it will be so. For this, American leadership is needed. We are also preparing further joint steps with our partners in Europe, and the coming months should demonstrate progress in bringing Ukraine closer to the European Union, including the screening procedure and the preparation of the terms of the future agreement on Ukraine's accession to the EU. There will also be new bilateral security agreements with our partners. And one more thing. I have just spoken with the President of The Gambia. I thanked him for the participation of his country’s representative in the first Peace Summit and for supporting the Summit's communiqué. We believe that the Peace Formula is a reliable foundation for strengthening the security of not only Ukraine but every nation in the world. This includes food security, energy security – all forms of security. The work of the relevant groups on the points of the Peace Formula will begin soon. Together with many leaders and countries, we will do everything to ensure that the UN Charter truly works – for us and for everyone in the world. Thank you to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine