1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071242/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=57 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili 23 June 2021 - 11:30 The official ceremony of the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, who is on an official visit to our country, took place in Kyiv. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 22 June 2021 - 18:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy confirmed the invitation to Angela Merkel to visit Ukraine to participate in the inaugural summit of the Crimean Platform and events marking the 30th anniversary of our country's independence. For her part, the Federal Chancellor invited the President of Ukraine to pay a visit to Berlin in the near future to discuss a number of issues of bilateral relations between Ukraine and Germany and the process of peaceful settlement in Donbas. A healthy and active way of living should become if not a national idea, then at least a lifestyle - the President 22 June 2021 - 13:03 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the nationwide Healthy Ukraine program aimed at all age categories and groups of the population, the purpose of which is to increase the life expectancy of Ukrainians. The presentation took place in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Healthy Ukraine". Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of those killed in World War II 22 June 2021 - 10:15 "Today, June 22, is a day of mourning and remembrance of the victims of the war. The 80th anniversary of the beginning of the bloodiest period of World War II. This tragedy has affected almost every Ukrainian family. Millions of Ukrainians went to war to protect the world from the Nazi invasion. Today we remember their feat and thank each of them for the life and opportunity to build a new Ukraine in which there will be no place for wars," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held the NSDC meeting, at which the Strategy for the Development of the Defense Industry of Ukraine was approved and sanctions were imposed on a number of individuals 18 June 2021 - 20:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy chaired a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, which introduced restrictive measures against businessmen Dmytro Firtash and Pavlo Fuks, as well as extended sanctions imposed on a number of individuals and legal entities three years ago, which expire this month. President handed over diplomas to graduates of the Ivan Cherniakhovskyi National Defense University 18 June 2021 - 17:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the celebrations on the occasion of graduation of students of the operational-strategic and operational-tactical levels of training of the Ivan Cherniakhovskyi National Defense University of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy bid final farewell to the outstanding ballet master Hryhoriy Chapkis 18 June 2021 - 15:13 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a farewell ceremony for Ukrainian ballet master, choreographer, People’s Artist of Ukraine Hryhoriy Chapkis, which took place on Friday at the National Philharmonic of Ukraine in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a decree providing for a significant increase in the salaries of doctors: at least UAH 13.5 thousand for nursing staff and UAH 20 thousand for doctors 18 June 2021 - 14:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a decree setting a benchmark for the minimum level of medical remuneration: at least UAH 13.5 thousand for nursing staff and at least UAH 20 thousand for doctors. President: A new format of hospitals corresponding to the level of leading European clinics, will appear in each region of Ukraine 18 June 2021 - 12:54 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the start of a new project to create a new format of hospitals in each region of Ukraine that will meet the best world standards. He said this during the celebrations on the occasion of the Day of the Medical Worker of Ukraine in Kyiv. Voolodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Israel 16 June 2021 - 22:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Naftali Bennett on the formation of the new Israeli government and his appointment to the post of the Prime Minister of the State of Israel. 1 2 ... 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine