6 captures 12 Aug 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220812211515/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Yermak-McFaul international group presented the Roadmap of Financial Sanctions 23 June 2022 - 13:42 The document contains an analysis of the impact of previously imposed sanctions on the financial system of the Russian Federation, a list of recommendations for increasing pressure on the aggressor state and a map of risks of the implementation of sanctions policy. To liberate our land and achieve victory is our national goal, which we must work on every day - address by the President of Ukraine 23 June 2022 - 00:20 From the very morning I continued the telephone marathon for a positive decision on the candidacy for Ukraine. 11 leaders today. We must provide maximum support to our state. We expect a key European decision tomorrow night. EU candidate status will be a new page in the history of Ukraine and a great motivation for the army and society - President during communication with students 22 June 2022 - 22:07 "We can talk about the values we protect. And the main value is our people. This is our treasure, and this is my idol," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy – to students of Canadian universities: Do not allow forgetting about the war in Ukraine 22 June 2022 - 21:35 If Russia seizes Ukrainian territories and kills Ukrainians with impunity, it can set an example for other states in any part of the world, so the whole world must join in the fight against the aggressor, and in no case can you get tired of the war in Ukraine. We are fighting for our future, our freedom, our land and the opportunity to build a new Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the student community of major Canadian universities 22 June 2022 - 21:20 Ukraine and Canada are separated by the ocean and 7 thousand kilometers, but there is a full mutual understanding between us. Ukraine and Russia are separated by a common border, but there is a huge abyss between us. In words, actions and most importantly - values. Italy's defense and political support for Ukraine is an investment in our common free future - Andriy Yermak 22 June 2022 - 19:35 "We are very grateful to the Italians, to the Italian government, to all of you for what you are doing for Ukraine. We will never forget that. We are grateful for the weapons and the loud voice in support of granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership. But please understand: this is not a charity, but an investment in your own security, in our common peace, in our common free future," Andriy Yermak said. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had another conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 22 June 2022 - 17:19 The Head of the Office of the President and the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine noted the leading role of the United States in defending the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and expressed gratitude for the comprehensive support for our state. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Embrace Ukraine - #StrivingTogether charity telethon, which took place in Amsterdam 22 June 2022 - 11:54 We are just days away from the European Union's historic decision on Ukraine. And I am sure that none of us – none of you – have any doubt that Ukraine should get a positive decision. We deserve it! And we deserve it not only for our bravery and our fight for freedom. Every day we fight for a positive decision of the European Union on the candidacy for Ukraine and for the supply of modern weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 June 2022 - 23:38 We do not decrease our activity for a single day. The lives of thousands of people depend directly on the speed of our partners - on the speed of implementation of their decisions to help Ukraine. Ukraine is constantly working on the release of prisoners and counts on the fulfillment of the commitments undertaken by the partners - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 June 2022 - 18:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that the state is doing everything possible at the political level to speed up the release of Ukrainian prisoners, but this is a complex process that is professionally handled by the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine