10 captures 05 Jun 2020 - 16 May 2025 Jun JUL Aug 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220706195128/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-finlya-61293 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Ukraine expects to receive air defense systems from partners to protect the sky - Head of State 6 July 2022 - 18:24 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Ireland, whose visit to our country is the first since independence 6 July 2022 - 18:01 The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:35 President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Ireland 6 July 2022 - 16:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone conversation with the President of the Republic of Finland 22 May 2020 - 14:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Finland Sauli Niinistö. The President of the Republic of Finland thanked the Ukrainian party for the effective cooperation in ensuring the participation of Ukrainian citizens in seasonal agricultural work in Finland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of unconditionally guaranteeing the safety of Ukrainians when going to work in Finland. "I want to confirm that our position is based on guaranteeing the safety of Ukrainians given the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as on bringing the labor migration process out of the shadows, establishing a clear and transparent framework for legal employment of Ukrainians abroad. I really appreciate that we have agreed with Finland on legal contracts for more than three months, registration of health insurance and comfortable quarantine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine also noted that seasonal cooperation is becoming an important area of bilateral interaction between Ukraine and Finland. In this context, he confirmed the interest of our state in initiating a dialogue in the field of forest management. "Ukraine has submitted to the Finnish side a draft intergovernmental agreement on employment and cooperation in the field of labor migration. I ask for your assistance in speeding up the preparation of this document for signing," the Ukrainian President said. The parties also noted the constructive cooperation in ensuring the timely return home of citizens of both countries during the quarantine period. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed gratitude for the assistance provided to Ukraine in the fight against coronavirus through the Finnish Red Cross Committee. "I wish health to you and the people of Finland, and to all who are ill - a speedy recovery," he said. The President of Ukraine asked for the further support of our state in cooperation with international financial organizations. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Ukraine and the IMF had agreed on a new $ 5 billion stand-by program for 18 months. "All the prerequisites for the beginning of practical work under the IMF program have been met, the fund's money is used to maintain the balance of payments and support the budget," the Ukrainian President stressed. At the request of the President of Finland, special attention was paid to the security situation in Donbas. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Finland for its continued support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Sauli Niinistö invited the President of Ukraine to visit Finland after the end of the coronavirus pandemic. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine