23 captures 10 May 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240510232012/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dodayemo-nashih-sil-na-harkivski-napryamki-use-neobhidne-dly-90833 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:24 View all videos n latest news No Matter What, We Are Preparing a Global Peace Summit So That the World's Majority Can Force Russia into Peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his Address 10 May 2024 - 22:00 We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:25 The Successes of our Fight at the Front and of the Global Peace Summit will Give Result for a Just Peace in Ukraine – Andriy Yermak 10 May 2024 - 20:28 Shelters in Kremenchuk, Restored and Equipped by the Olena Zelenska Foundation, Are Ready to Accommodate Children 10 May 2024 - 20:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine Met with the President of the European Parliament in Kyiv 9 May 2024 - 15:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:25 Dear Ukrainians! Summary of this day. The main topic is the Kharkiv region. Today, Russian troops tried to expand their operations against Ukraine. We understand the size of the occupier's forces, we see their intentions. Our warriors, our artillery, our drones are retaliating against the occupier. I am grateful to each of our soldiers, each sergeant, each officer who are defending our positions in exactly the way it is necessary. We are adding more forces to Kharkiv directions. Both along our state border and along the entire front line, we will invariably destroy the occupier in a way that will disrupt any Russian offensive intentions. Today, the Commander-in-Chief reported to me in the morning and in the evening, and I constantly keep in touch with the Minister of Defense — we are providing everything required to protect our positions. It all depends on the resilience of our warriors, and everyone who is holding their positions now is holding the positions of the entire Ukraine. It is important that our partners support our warriors and Ukrainian resilience with timely supplies. I mean truly timely. The really helpful package is the weapons brought to Ukraine, not just the announcement of the package. I thank every leader who looks at the situation this way. Therefore, the second thing is our international work. Today, we have a new decision on American support, President Biden's decision. It includes artillery, anti-tank weapons, vehicles and air defense. This is exactly what we need. Thank you. We are working on logistics to ensure that all the weapons prove their worth at the front as soon as possible. Today I had a great conversation with the President of Slovakia, who was on her visit to Ukraine. We talked about defense cooperation and about the political results we need to achieve next month in our relations with the European Union. It's time for the actual opening of negotiations, and Ukraine as well as everyone in Europe needs this strategic message. I also had several telephone conversations — no matter what, we are preparing the Peace Summit, we are preparing a platform for the world majority to be able to force Russia into peace. Today I personally invited the President of Argentina, the Prime Minister of Iceland, and the Ecumenical Patriarch to the Summit. I am grateful to each of them for their desire to bring international law back to full effect. We will continue to be equally active — all the continents, all the countries' views should be represented at the Peace Summit. And the third. I had a very detailed, long meeting today with the team preparing the Summit from the Ukrainian side. The organization of the Summit is already elaborated. We still have tasks to accomplish — so that every leader can demonstrate their effectiveness for the sake of common interests. We are sure it will happen. And this is exactly what we have to realize now — Russia is trying to disrupt it. The more meaningful the Summit is, the closer peace will be. Obviously, Putin does not want this. Obviously, he will continue trying to disrupt our efforts, both by offensive attempts and by attempts to undermine our agreements with other leaders. We must prevent this. We have to do everything we can for this. I thank everyone who helps! Glory to all our warriors! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine