5 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 21 Apr 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-obgovoriv-realizaciyu-formuli-miru-84581 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of President's Office discusses implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with representatives of diplomatic missions accredited in Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 09:15 On the instructions of the Head of State, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with ambassadors and representatives of diplomatic missions accredited in our country. The meeting, which took place on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood in the premises of the Verkhovna Rada, was dedicated to the implementation of the Peace Formula of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular the clause regarding respect for the UN Charter, the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity and the world order. Representatives of the embassies of the G7 states, ambassadors and representatives of diplomatic missions of the European Union, the Czech Republic, Poland, the Republic of South Africa, Estonia, Türkiye, Lithuania, Egypt, Brazil, the Republic of Korea, India, Romania, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Spain, Latvia, the Netherlands, North Macedonia, Slovakia, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates, the Apostolic Nunciature, as well as the Exarch of the Ecumenical Patriarchate and the UN resident coordinator in Ukraine took part in the event. Representatives of diplomatic institutions of Germany, Chile, Australia, Kuwait, Argentina, Cook Islands, Bahrain, and Saudi Arabia joined the meeting via a video link. Yermak expressed gratitude for the meeting and welcomed the representatives of the diplomatic missions of those countries that took part in it for the first time. "I think we all share the same approach in the matters of respect for international law and the UN Charter. So I would like to express my sincere thanks to you for the fact that we are meeting in this format for the fourth time and will continue. I hope that your active participation is evidence that you share our principles," the head of the Office of the President said. He said that proposals to the philosophy of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula expressed by diplomats will help in its implementation. Yermak said that in the process of implementing the Formula, a structure of three levels for its coordination and implementation was created: the first – ambassadors of countries, the second – national security advisors, and the third and highest – leaders of states. Such a structure makes it possible to work effectively on the provisions of the Peace Formula and ways of its implementation. "We believe the Ukrainian peace plan should be taken as a basis. The logic is very simple: the war, unfortunately, is taking place on our territory. For us, for Ukrainians, and, I am sure, for everyone who is here today, all our colleagues, partners, and friends, the most important thing is to end this war. And end it so that Ukraine can return all its territories, restore its territorial integrity, its sovereignty," he said. The head of the President's Office said that the Ukrainian peace plan is built exclusively on the principles of international law, the UN Charter, and justice. "For us, the opinion of everyone who respects our sovereignty, territorial integrity, and independence is important. We are ready to hear everyone, ready to talk with everyone. I hope that, with your help, we will be able to develop as clear and concise wording as possible, allowing for the possibility of different interpretations of the points of the Formula. No matter what the correction is, the fundamental principle of the Formula – full compliance with the norms of international law – will remain inviolable," Yermak added. The head of the President's Office recalled that in the walls of the Verkhovna Rada, where this meeting is held, in 1991, the restoration of Ukrainian statehood was proclaimed. He said that at that time the vast majority of the population of the Ukrainian SSR voted for a free, democratic and unified state, and the world community unconditionally accepted this choice. "And now we demand respect for this choice. Ukraine considers full restoration of sovereignty and returning to the borders of 1991 as one of the fundamental conditions for the end of the war. The inviolability of borders and the right of nations to self-determination are the basic principles on which the entire system of international relations rests," he said. Yermak said that the issue of Ukraine's territorial integrity is of great importance for the restoration of the world order, which is based on the power of law, not on the power of force. Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk welcomed representatives of diplomatic missions in the parliament. According to him, it is extremely significant that on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, the Verkhovna Rada became a platform for discussions of the point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula regarding respect for the UN Charter and the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity with representatives of the diplomatic corps. "The restoration of world order and general respect for the UN Charter is possible only by restoring the territorial integrity of the Ukrainian state within its internationally recognized borders," Stefanchuk said. The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada said that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Ukrainian Peace Formula opens a universal path to peace through the restoration and further observance of the fundamental principles of international cooperation. "President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's formula is a formula of justice. Because justice is the cornerstone of international law. And this is the formula for how to live side by side, how to respect each other, how to interact and not kill. President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is Ukrainian statehood. This is the statehood of each of your countries," Stefanchuk added. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine