13 captures 26 Apr 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230426095032/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-ekspertna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-predstavila-novi-82473 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every manifestation of Russian terror is an additional argument that everything should end in the Tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 25 April 2023 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news Every manifestation of Russian terror is an additional argument that everything should end in the Tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 25 April 2023 - 22:23 President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 25 April 2023 - 14:31 Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zhytomyr region and the meeting with the Prime Minister of Estonia 24 April 2023 - 16:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul, presented a new action plan to further strengthen sanctions pressure on Russia. The Head of the President's Office told this during an online meeting with representatives of the expert and media community. Andriy Yermak explained: "The Action Plan to enhance sanctions against Russia, which the international expert group presented last year, became the basis for the introduction of important sanctions.” "The documents of our group are now on the desks of all world leaders and all those involved in sanctions. I am proud that today the work of our group is the basis for more than 70% of the sanctions that have been implemented and are being implemented by the US, EU, UK and other countries," he said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the group achieved an embargo on Russian oil and oil products, their price caps, full blocking sanctions against about 20 of the largest Russian banks, and Russia's deprivation of all rights in the FATF. In addition, an unprecedentedly wide list of dual-use goods was subject to trade restrictions, individual sanctions were imposed on thousands of individuals from various fields, and a coordination mechanism for the implementation of the G7 sanctions was created. "Almost everything from the first action plan has been implemented. I would like to thank all Ukrainians for this. Sanctions are a powerful weapon with which we are defending our country and thanks to which we will defeat the aggressor," he said. The Head of the President's Office said that the international working group had presented and published a new sanctions action plan - Action Plan 2.0. "We are looking forward to the powerful new sanctions packages envisaged by this plan. This is an extremely important document, and I thank everyone who participated in its development," said Andriy Yermak. He emphasized that the new plan should be communicated as soon as possible to world leaders and relevant organizations involved in the issue of sanctions. Ukraine expects the inclusion of Russian propagandists who support the aggression against Ukraine in the next sanctions packages. Andriy Yermak also emphasized the importance of imposing sanctions on Russian athletes, who are used by the aggressor country as a tool to propagandize its war. The Head of the Presidential Office explained that Ukraine continues to communicate with partner states, in particular with the countries of the Global South, on strengthening the sanctions regime against Russia. According to Andriy Yermak, the leaders of these countries are well aware of the situation in Ukraine, and therefore expectations regarding their resolve are quite high. Ambassador Michael McFaul emphasized that despite the significant amount of work done in the context of the sanctions, quite a few developments still need to be implemented. The experts focused on these areas in the process of preparing the updated plan. The areas of sanctions pressure proposed in the document are very specific. These are the most painful points of the Russian economy that should be pressed to reduce Russia's potential for military action. In particular, Mr. McFaul emphasized the importance of further sanctions against the Russian energy complex and defense industry, restrictions on the use of financial instruments, the issue of confiscation of the Central Bank of Russia's assets and their subsequent transfer to Ukraine, as well as other spheres reflected in the action plan. According to him, the sanctions regime needs to be enhanced, and the new document shows how sanctions can be implemented against the aggressor country. The full version of the Sanctions Action Plan 2.0 is available in the attachment. Working Group Paper #11. Action Plan 2.0. Strengthening Sanctions against the Russian Federation - pdf - 538.02 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine