1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033020/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=128 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine: I believe that together with Denmark we will manage to bring peace and development back to Mykolaiv and the entire region 30 January 2023 - 20:58 Denmark had become one of the first partner countries to accept the offer of our state to take patronage over the reconstruction of Ukraine, particularly the city of Mykolaiv. Russian terror must lose everywhere and in everything - both on the battlefield and in the absence of ruins in our country - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 January 2023 - 20:25 Our task to endure is a common task. It is the task of the Defense and Security Forces, our entire state, business, and everyone who works for Ukraine's victory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Mette Frederiksen's visit is a symbol of Denmark's unwavering and powerful support for Ukraine's struggle for freedom and common European values 30 January 2023 - 20:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen visited Odesa and held talks on key aspects of bilateral cooperation. In Mykolaiv, the Head of State and the Prime Minister of Denmark examined the infrastructure destroyed by the Russian aggressor 30 January 2023 - 14:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen visited Mykolaiv as part of Denmark’s patronage over the city's recovery. President held a meeting on the current situation in the Mykolaiv region 30 January 2023 - 14:01 The participants discussed the operational situation in the south of Ukraine and the consequences of Russia's missile and drone attacks. We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:35 We are doing everything to ensure that our pressure outweighs the occupiers' assault capabilities. And it is very important to maintain the dynamics of defense support from our partners. The speed of supply has been and will be one of the key factors in this war. President of Ukraine held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 29 January 2023 - 17:50 The parties heard reports from the military commanders on the operational situation at the front, particularly in the Donetsk direction and in the south. They also considered intelligence information on the enemy's likely actions in the near future. President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 12:55 At Askold's Grave in Kyiv, the Head of State laid flowers to the memorial cross to the Heroes of Kruty. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Oleksiy Danilov, Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny and Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets. Ukraine needs long-range missiles so that terrorists do not have a feeling of impunity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 January 2023 - 21:38 Ukraine needs long-range missiles – in particular, to remove this possibility of the occupiers to place their missile launchers somewhere far from the front line and destroy Ukrainian cities with them. Ukraine needs more specialists in European affairs who will protect European values – President addressing students and teachers of the College of Europe 27 January 2023 - 21:19 After the victory over the aggressor state, both Ukraine and Europe will need citizens able to protect European values from tyranny's attempts to destroy them. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when addressing online students and teachers of the College of Europe in Natolin (Poland) and Bruges (Belgium) celebrating the Ukrainian and Lithuanian National Days. 1 2 ... 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine