1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030956/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska joins 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign 25 November 2022 - 17:24 The campaign is going on in 60 cities and communities throughout Ukraine under the "Sensitivity Overcomes Violence" slogan. President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 25 November 2022 - 12:42 The Head of State highly appreciated the unwavering support for Ukraine and all our people from Great Britain. He separately thanked the British government for defense aid to our country, which this year reached 2.3 billion pounds. Europe's dependence on Russian energy resources began to decrease, and should completely vanish - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the European Idea international symposium 25 November 2022 - 12:25 This year Europe finally carries out energy disarmament of Russia. The continent's dependence on Russian energy resources has started to reduce. And it must vanish completely. And one of the key instruments for that is to limit Russian profit from exports of its resources. First Lady Olena Zelenska supported the launch of the Ukrainian space on Google Arts & Culture platform 25 November 2022 - 09:59 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska supported the launch of the Ukrainian space on Google Arts & Culture - an online platform that allows you to access images of works of art stored in museums around the world. Ukraine needs an air shield and reliable security guarantees - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission 25 November 2022 - 09:34 A reliable and effective air and missile defense system of Ukraine can be integrated with NATO and European systems in the future. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during the meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission, which was held in the format of a video conference. Roman Mashovets informed the Advisor to the President of Slovakia about the security situation in Ukraine 25 November 2022 - 09:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzová and discussed security issues and the development of cooperation between the countries. Russia has not found a way to break us and will not find it - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 22:25 Energy workers, utility workers, business - everyone is doing their part to give light again. This is truly a nationwide task - Ukraine is working as unitedly as possible in this. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 24 November 2022 - 19:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Thursday. Educators-cooks who will train canteen workers of secondary education institutions took part in the seminars 24 November 2022 - 18:04 As part of the school nutrition reform initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, a series of trainings is ongoing for educators-cooks of vocational education institutions who will pass on their knowledge to cooks of canteens in schools and preschool institutions. The Yermak-McFaul sanctions group developed a new document on increasing the effectiveness of sanctions against Russia 24 November 2022 - 15:04 The international working group on sanctions against Russia chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul developed a new document "Measures to Increase the Effectiveness of Sanctions". It specifies ways of circumventing the sanctions imposed on Russia and contains a call to increase the systemic character of sanctions restrictions. 1 2 ... 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine