5 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206084443/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva met with the Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs, Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan 7 November 2022 - 13:22 The Deputy Head of the President's Office informed the interlocutor about the security situation in Ukraine and Russian terrorist tactics of shelling civilian infrastructure. In this context, the possibility of the Japanese government providing assistance to overcome the consequences of the destruction of energy facilities was discussed. Anyone who helps Russia prolong the war should bear responsibility for the consequences along with it - address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2022 - 21:22 The whole world will know that the Iranian regime helps Russia prolong this war, and therefore prolong the effect of those threats to the world provoked precisely by the Russian war. We must ensure full protection of Ukrainian sky, we will do everything for this – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 November 2022 - 19:06 We are doing everything so that you and all other soldiers have even more opportunities to chase the enemy. And the next weeks will be very important from this point of view – we are working extremely closely with our partners to get more tanks, more "armor," more artillery for Ukraine. Ukraine's victory, advent of peace must be based on respect for territorial integrity, international law – Andriy Yermak at briefing after meeting with Jake Sullivan 5 November 2022 - 09:54 Ukraine's victory in the full-scale war unleashed by Russia must be based on the fundamental principles of the UN Charter and international law, respect for the principle of territorial integrity and the inviolability of internationally recognized borders. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak at a joint briefing with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan who was on a visit to Ukraine. Ukraine received confirmation of unwavering support from the U.S. – Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan at a briefing in Kyiv 5 November 2022 - 09:40 Ukraine received confirmation of unwavering support from the United States until it gains victory over the aggressor. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a joint briefing with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan who is on a visit to Kyiv. It is good that the world pays attention only to what the terrorist state actually does, not what it says - address by the President of Ukraine 4 November 2022 - 22:07 When someone thinks about negotiations, he does not look for ways to deceive everyone around him in order to send tens or hundreds of thousands more people to the meat grinder - mobilized or in the form of some mercenaries. President of Ukraine met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States 4 November 2022 - 21:07 The parties discussed the issues of further support for Ukraine from the U.S. for the defense and liberation of its territory from the occupiers. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Advisor to the US President Jake Sullivan 4 November 2022 - 20:14 Andriy Yermak welcomed Jake Sullivan to Ukraine and noted that his arrival is a very important signal of support for our country from the United States of America. Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine discussed the key areas of Ukrainian-Japanese security cooperation 4 November 2022 - 19:07 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. The interlocutors discussed the current situation at the front and directions for the development of bilateral cooperation in the field of security and defense. Olena Zelenska met with the President of Portugal and visited the national pavilion of Ukraine at the Web Summit in Lisbon 4 November 2022 - 17:07 As part of her visit to the Portuguese Republic, First Lady Olena Zelenska met with President of Portugal Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa and visited the national stand of Ukraine at the Web Summit. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine