9 captures 16 Sep 2022 - 25 Jun 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220916195309/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-chergovu-seriyu-videorozmov-z-druzhin-77841 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must show that there will be a tough and principled reaction to every manifestation of Russian terror - address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discusses support of Ukraine on way to OECD membership, creation of special tribunal on crime of aggression with heads of foreign diplomatic missions 16 September 2022 - 21:07 Olena Zelenska holds more video conversations with wives of heads of state and government participated in second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 16 September 2022 - 20:18 Zelenskyy takes part in awarding winners of Hero-Rescuer of the Year national action 16 September 2022 - 18:03 In less than three months, Ukraine fulfilled about half of the recommendations of the European Commission - Ihor Zhovkva 16 September 2022 - 15:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 15 September 2022 - 13:32 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska holds more video conversations with wives of heads of state and government participated in second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 16 September 2022 - 20:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska continues video conversations with representatives of the countries that joined this year's Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. Last week, she talked to the wives of the heads of state and government of Poland, Germany, Ecuador and Greece. The Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen is an international platform designed to create comfortable conditions for the exchange of experience and the implementation of joint projects for the well-being of people in the world. "The video calls that we had within the framework of the Summit make it possible to deepen relations between our countries, to learn more about people's lives and their needs. And this is all important for joint efforts and work on joint projects. Together we can do more than alone," Zelenska said. The talks are aimed at consolidating and deepening cooperation between the countries in the humanitarian, cultural, educational and social areas, as well as in the field of mental and physical health. During a conversation with First Lady of the Republic of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda, the wife of the President of Ukraine expressed special thanks for caring for the youngest generation of Ukrainians, in particular those who need medical assistance, for organizing their treatment both in medical institutions in Poland and abroad. As reported, on the initiative of Agata Kornhauser-Duda, seriously ill patients were transported from a children's hospital in Lviv to hospitals in the Republic of Poland (the cities of Łódź, Toruń, Kraków), as well as medical institutions in Italy and Germany. During a conversation with the wife of the President of Germany, Elke Büdenbender, the First Lady of Ukraine talked about her initiative "Ukrainian Bookshelf," within the framework of which editions in the Ukrainian language appeared in book chains and libraries of Germany. "It is important that Ukrainians abroad have access to books in their native language. In the near future, we will expand the assortment of Ukrainian editions in Berlin and other cities," Zelenska said. In addition, the wife of the President of Ukraine offered Elke Büdenbender to become the patron of the "Stories of Better Times" book project in Germany. It provides for the publication and reading of books by domestic authors in Ukrainian, German and Dutch languages. They will be distributed in Germany, Austria, Belgium and the Netherlands. The interesting part of the project will be the opportunity to read aloud the book on your own. According to the organizers, the initiative will help children overcome sadness, integrate into the environment of the host country and keep in touch with relatives who remained at home. During the conversation with the First Lady of Ecuador, Zelenska thanked her country for condemnation of Russia's military invasion of Ukraine and for supporting relevant resolutions within international and regional organizations. The President's wife also noted the joint activity of the first ladies – protection of children's rights – and offered to exchange experience on the implementation of relevant programs. During a conversation with the wife of the Prime Minister of Greece, Mareva Grabowski-Mitsotakis, Zelenska positively evaluated the children's rehabilitation program in Greece, which has already reached more than 1,200 young Ukrainians. The First Lady of Ukraine also paid attention to the discussion of the issue of education for Ukrainian schoolchildren who are in the territory of Greece, in particular, the creation of the necessary conditions for studying the subjects of the Ukrainian school curriculum. "It is important for us that those schoolchildren who wish to continue their education in Ukrainian schools remotely can do so without violating Greek legislation. Therefore, the priority for us is to introduce a flexible schedule and a simplified procedure for visiting Greek schools," she said. Mareva Grabowski-Mitsotakis expressed her understanding of the importance of solving this issue and promised to pay attention to it. In addition, the wife of the Prime Minister said that, according to the agreements with the first lady of the United States, three psychologists will soon arrive in Greece to help in the rehabilitation of a new group of Ukrainian children. Earlier the first lady of Ukraine talked with the wife of the President of the European Council, the first ladies of Belgium, Austria, North Macedonia, Spain, Serbia, the Republic of Latvia, Belize, the wife of the President of Iceland. In total, Zelenska has already held 13 conversations. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine