8 captures 28 Nov 2022 - 01 Mar 2026 Oct NOV Dec 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221128221142/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/inozemni-partneri-prodovzhuyut-doluchatisya-do-iniciativi-pr-79497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine will never be a place of devastation - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 November 2022 - 22:28 View all videos n latest news Roman Mashovets discussed the current security situation in Ukraine with the Minister of Defense of Slovenia 28 November 2022 - 22:45 Only a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine will make it possible to restore justice and punish all the guilty - Andriy Yermak 28 November 2022 - 22:33 Ukraine will never be a place of devastation - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 November 2022 - 22:27 Foreign partners continue to join the “Grain from Ukraine” initiative of the President 28 November 2022 - 20:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Foreign partners continue to join the “Grain from Ukraine” initiative of the President 28 November 2022 - 20:16 As part of the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program launched by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on November 26 during the founding International Summit on Food Security, more than 30 countries and international organizations have already declared their support for this important project. Japan and the Republic of Korea announced joining the initiative by providing financial assistance. In particular, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Great Britain, Greece, Estonia, the EU, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Canada, Qatar, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Germany, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, USA, Türkiye, Hungary, Finland, France, Croatia, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Sweden, as well as NATO and the UN announced the financial, technical or logistical contribution to the initiative. In total, more than 180 million U.S. dollars have already been accumulated within the program. The collected funds will be used to supply Ukrainian food to countries in Africa and Asia that suffer from famine the most. The Grain from Ukraine initiative remains open for other countries to join during the entire period of its work. Ukraine, together with its partners, will continue to make efforts to expand the circle of project participants. Together, we demonstrate that the elements of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, one of which is global food security, are rational and effective, and they can and should be implemented in the interests of Ukraine and the whole world. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine