1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221554/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Returning to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored Polish volunteers with state awards 23 September 2023 - 18:51 Returning from a working visit to Canada and while in Lublin, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Polish citizens: a journalist and a volunteer medic. The Olena Zelenska Foundation continues its cooperation with the Temerty Foundation: philanthropists donate $1 million to help Ukrainians 23 September 2023 - 17:58 During a visit to Ottawa (Canada), the First Lady of Ukraine met with the founders of the Temerty Foundation, James Temerty and Louise Temerty, as well as with Managing Director Leah Temerty-Lord, Chief Executive Officer Mike Lord and Director of Ukrainian Initiatives at the Temerty Foundation Krystina Waler. President of Ukraine had a meeting with President of the Transitional Sovereign Council of Sudan 23 September 2023 - 16:03 The interlocutors discussed common security challenges, in particular the activities of illegal armed groups financed by Russia. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with representatives of the Canadian community 23 September 2023 - 13:54 I am sure Canada will never lose Ukrainian vibe. And the day will come when we gather at a similar place in Ukraine. Many people, millions, cheering crowd, blue and yellow flags. And maple leaf flags. Unity helps us all become stronger, reinforce freedom and move towards victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the Canadian community 23 September 2023 - 13:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska, together with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau, met with Canadian parliamentarians, representatives of political, business and expert circles, academia and the Ukrainian community. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau met with representatives of Canadian business in Toronto 23 September 2023 - 10:03 "We are very interested in you coming to Ukraine, very interested in rebuilding Ukraine - this is what we need today. These are all areas which you are good at. We are very interested in your work, business and technology," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Olena Zelenska held a series of meetings during a visit to Canada 23 September 2023 - 09:57 During a visit to Canada, First Lady Olena Zelenska held a number of meetings and participated in the conclusion of a Ukrainian-Canadian medical partnership with the Atlas Institute for Veterans and Families. Weakening assistance to Ukraine means strengthening Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 September 2023 - 01:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that it is impossible to remain neutral in the war waged by Russia against Ukraine, as the lack of assistance to our country means the strengthening of the Russian Federation, which will then threaten other countries. We appreciate Canada's decision to join the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Justin Trudeau in Ottawa 23 September 2023 - 01:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that when Ukraine wins, it will be a joint victory with Canada, with all friends and partners, and with the free world. This Russian aggression must end with our victory - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the solemn session of the Parliament of Canada 23 September 2023 - 00:22 Ukraine, not genocide, will be victorious in this war. People will be the winners, not the Kremlin. Freedom will be the winner. Justice will be the winner. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine