8 captures 29 Oct 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221029015524/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovuvannya-shveciyi-u-radi-yes-maye-sluguvati-rushijnoyu-s-78777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia is trying to make the Kherson region literally an exclusion zone; the world must react to this - address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 21:17 View all videos n latest news Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should serve as a driving force for continued and comprehensive support for Ukraine by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 28 October 2022 - 22:24 Russia is trying to make the Kherson region literally an exclusion zone; the world must react to this - address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 21:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy conferred the honorary title of the Rescuer City upon Prague 28 October 2022 - 18:13 President honored the memory of the soldiers who gave their lives during the expulsion of the Nazis from Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 12:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Guinea-Bissau in Kyiv 26 October 2022 - 18:09 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should serve as a driving force for continued and comprehensive support for Ukraine by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 28 October 2022 - 22:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Christian Danielsson, Minister for EU Affairs of the recently elected government of the Kingdom of Sweden headed by Ulf Kristersson. The interlocutors exchanged views on the situation with Russia's armed aggression against Ukraine and agreed on the need to increase international pressure on the aggressor country and make every effort to preserve European unity on the issues related to the international isolation of the Russian Federation, increased sanctions pressure, and the achievement of full independence from Russian energy resources. Ihor Zhovkva noted Sweden's strong political and practical support for Ukraine in defending independence, as well as readiness to actively participate in the post-war reconstruction of our country. The main focus was on Ukraine's accession to the European Union and the priorities of Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU in the first half of 2023. The parties coordinated their positions on achieving Ukraine's progress on the European integration path and agreed to deepen the dialogue in this direction. "Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should be marked by the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the European Union and serve as a driving force for continued and comprehensive support for Ukraine by the European community," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. The interlocutors agreed on the need for further integration of Ukraine into the EU internal market and the implementation of necessary reforms. Sweden's experience in this field is especially valuable for our country. "We expect that we will be able to use Sweden's practical experience of joining the European Union to achieve further progress on the European integration path," summed up the Deputy Head of the President's Office. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine