6 captures 25 Jun 2021 - 08 May 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071314/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vpershe-za-roki-nezalezhnosti-mi-perejshli-do-69033 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: For the first time since independence, we have taken real action to overcome the influence of oligarchs on the country 15 June 2021 - 11:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy urges to develop a package of legislative initiatives on the basis of his bill on oligarchs to overcome the oligarchic system as soon as possible. The Head of State stated this during a speech at the forum "Ukraine 30. Economy without Oligarchs" in Kyiv. The President noted that for many years in a row, old politicians have constantly promised people to fight the oligarchs to increase the country's prosperity. Instead, only the number of oligarchs increased. "For the first time since independence, instead of promises, we have taken real action to overcome this vicious circle of oligarchs' influence. The essence of this circle is simple: oligarchs accumulate illegal capital - part of this capital goes to the creation, promotion and further maintenance of politicians of different levels and officials to increase the illegal capital, part of which again goes to support the same politicians and officials. Oligarchs, politicians and politicians-oligarchs hoped that this engine would work forever. But in their equation, they did not take into account two very important "unknowns" - the state of Ukraine and citizens who have a different opinion and who stated this in the 2019 elections," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the President, the oligarchs, taking advantage of the weakness of state institutions and systemic corruption, received resources, assets and preferences for their own enrichment for nothing, and today they use these wealth against their own country. "It will be different from now on. All we want is clear, transparent, equal and uniform rules for the whole of Ukraine. It doesn't matter if you are a small entrepreneur, a farmer, a big tycoon or a foreign investor. Equal rules for all," he stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that state institutions and courts must be independent not only from other branches of government, but also from big business. "Political parties, the media, civil servants at all levels, judges, law enforcement officers, supervisory boards of state-owned enterprises - all this must function without the support and influence of large oligarchic capital," said the President. "Important: big business is OK, it is right, cool, powerful. It is not OK to become a big business when you either illegally take something from the state budget or do not give something to the state budget,” he said. It is also not OK when big business alone controls certain sectors of the economy and dictates the rules of the country's development, the President said. "We want a country of normal rules and laws that work, a competitive economy and independent media - open and free. That is why I took the first important step to dismantle the defining influence of the oligarchs on life, our policy and the future of the state - this is the law on oligarchs," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President noted that this law is only the beginning, it should become the foundation for the legal framework, which will put in the first place the protection of the interests of Ukraine and all taxpayers. "I and our entire society are waiting for quick and clear legislative initiatives that should introduce effective antitrust tools to overcome the oligarchic system," the President stressed. The President also stated that all officials and people's deputies of Ukraine should realize their responsibility and not forget that their salaries are paid by the people of Ukraine, so they should serve and protect the interests of the people of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the full support of the people of Ukraine gives confidence that in matters of de-oligarchization success is inevitable. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Economy without Oligarchs" 15 June 2021 - 12:13 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Economy without Oligarchs" 15 June 2021 - 12:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine