8 captures 21 May 2021 - 20 May 2023 Apr MAY Jun 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230520142730/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/inicijovanij-prezidentom-zakonoproekt-poklikanij-usunuti-vpl-68597 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:38 View all videos n latest news During visit to Japan Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Emmanuel Macron 20 May 2023 - 15:48 President of Ukraine meets with President of the European Council in Japan 20 May 2023 - 14:36 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of India in Japan 20 May 2023 - 14:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting with Prime Minister of Italy in Japan 20 May 2023 - 13:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The bill initiated by the President is designed to eliminate the influence of oligarchs in Ukraine 20 May 2021 - 17:08 The bill will soon be presented to the public, which will contain clear criteria for determining the oligarchs. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference. "We do not want to kill big business, but we are definitely killing the concept, content and influence of the oligarchic system in our country. There will be no influence on mass media, no influence on politics, no influence on officials. But if there is influence, then these people will get a ticket called "oligarch". They will be included in a special register, and then this big business may lose a great share of its assets," he said. According to the Head of State, the value of oligarchs' assets in Ukraine and abroad will be reduced not due to sanctions, but due to the emergence of the concept of "oligarch" at the legislative level. He stressed that he did not want to destroy big business - on the contrary, he wanted it to develop, pay taxes and increase the number of jobs. "According to this law, they (oligarchs - ed.) will be given time - not too much time - to get rid of all this influence. We will even show them how to do it, if necessary. There will be no dead end for them. This is a normal law that respects big business," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the President, the bill, in particular, provides for an increase in rents for iron ore mining. The Head of State does not believe that this will lead to the shadowing of the relevant enterprises. "We understand how much this or that entrepreneur earns. We understand exactly how to make sure that no one is seriously affected, that no one shuts the business down. But when we have a war, when it is difficult for us, when we have nothing to pay pensions to people with, we will not allow to earn 200-300% at the expense of the state subsoil,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. "SMEs will not pay more taxes. And big business should help people and help the state. Is the market price for metallurgy rising today? Then we can slightly increase budget revenues. It seems to me that this is fair," the President added. ph Press conference of the President of Ukraine 20 May 2021 - 13:14 ph Press conference of the President of Ukraine 20 May 2021 - 13:14 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine