14 captures 07 Aug 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230807215425/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-hto-bere-okupantiv-u-polon-na-fronti-prishvidshuye-sv-84765 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone who captures the occupiers at the front speeds up freedom for Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 August 2023 - 22:35 View all videos n latest news Everyone who captures the occupiers at the front speeds up freedom for Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 August 2023 - 22:31 During the meeting in Jeddah, Andriy Yermak held a series of bilateral talks on ensuring Ukraine's defense capability and implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 22:28 Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 August 2023 - 15:38 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Everyone who captures the occupiers at the front speeds up freedom for Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 August 2023 - 22:31 Dear Ukrainians! A rescue operation is underway in Pokrovsk, Donetsk region. After Russian missile strikes. Iskander missiles against ordinary residential buildings. All our services are working on the scene. Unfortunately, there are victims. There are wounded, there are casualties. My condolences to the families and friends... Unfortunately, the second missile strike resulted in the death of an employee of the State Emergency Service. Colonel Andriy Omelchenko, Deputy Head of the State Emergency Service Main Department in Donetsk region. May he always be remembered... I would like to recognize the rescuers today. Our employees of the State Emergency Service. Those who work in different cities of Ukraine for the sake of life. To make the Russian terror lose, because lives are saved. Employees of the State Emergency Service of Kherson region: civil protection service Sergeant Vitaliy Murzenko and civil protection service Lieutenant Volodymyr Yavtushenko. Employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine of Kharkiv region: civil protection service Master Sergeant Serhiy Hladkyi and civil protection service Colonel Andriy Solianikov. Employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine of Dnipropetrovsk region: civil protection service Sergeant Kostiantyn Poturaiko and civil protection service Captain Vitaliy Denysenko. All of them have repeatedly participated - directly participated - in eliminating the consequences of terrorist attacks, in saving the lives of our people. And, of course, all the employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine in Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Zaporizhzhia and Odesa regions. I thank the entire staff of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine! Today we have an important result for our team that deals with exchanges. 22 more men are back home in Ukraine. 20 of them are soldiers and sergeants, two are officers. They are servicemen of the Armed Forces. There are wounded among them. They were captured in different areas of the front. But now they are home. And we will do everything to bring back to Ukraine all our people who are now in Russian captivity. We remember everyone and are looking for everyone on the list of missing persons. Fortunately, we manage to bring our people back. And it is important that this is a common task. It is a task for those who organize the exchanges: Yermak, Budanov, Malyuk, Klymenko. Thank you, guys! And the task of those who replenish the exchange fund for our country. Everyone who captures the occupiers at the front, who is active on the frontline. Each such warrior of ours speeds up freedom for Ukrainians. It is important to remember this. The day began with a conference call. First of all, the military. A report on the situation at the front - our offensive actions, the capabilities of our movement and the dynamics of the movement. The Commander-in-Chief delivered the report. Of course, there were reports on the supply of munitions and equipment, on our weapons production. The Ministry of Defense, the Ministry of Strategic Industries. We are constantly increasing volumes! Both in supply and production. And we are constantly removing bureaucracy and making regulations more flexible. Our defense industry will reach the level that the state needs. Ukraine has this power. And I thank everyone who is working on Ukrainian production for this power! Frontline. I would like to mention the Bakhmut direction. The 3rd and 5th separate assault brigades, "Fury" assault brigade of the National Police, the 92nd separate mechanized brigade. There are successes in destroying the occupiers, important successes. I thank you, warriors! One more thing. August 7. Every year on this day, the world remembers Russia's aggression against Georgia. 15 years have passed. The Russian occupation remains - this wound on the body of the Georgian state remains. Many words have already been said that if the world had been decisive back in 2008, many things would have been different. Back then already Russia should have realized that the aggressor pays the highest price for aggression. It must definitely realize this now. When Ukraine wins this war, it will not only stop the expansion of Russia's aggressive appetites, it will not only save other nations from what we are going through - Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova. Our victory will return normalcy to everyone - it will end the Russian occupation. Ukrainians stand in solidarity with the people of Georgia, and I thank all Georgian citizens who are defending freedom with us! And especially those who are fighting as part of the defense and security forces of Ukraine! Freedom will win, Georgia will win, Ukraine will win! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine