4 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 13 May 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233247/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-zustrich-iz-druzhinoyu-prezidenta-res-84361 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska holds meeting with wife of President of Republic of Korea 15 July 2023 - 21:36 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with First Lady of the Republic of Korea Kim Keon Hee. President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol and his wife arrived in Ukraine after participating in the NATO summit in Vilnius (Lithuania). They began their visit with a trip to Bucha, where, in particular, they saw destroyed infrastructure facilities and the burial places of civilians killed by the Russian military. "Thank you very much for this visit. Such visits are important for Ukrainians and are evidence of solidarity and support," Zelenska said. She also thanked President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol for his firm support of the people of Ukraine and the readiness that he expressed to contribute to the successful recovery of our country, which he confirmed at the NATO summit and during his visit to Poland (July 13-14, 2023). The First Lady of Ukraine discussed with Kim Keon Hee the issue of protecting Ukrainian cultural heritage amid Russian aggression. "One of the ways to preserve it is digitization, currently being done by the Ukrainian Ministry of Culture and Information Policy. The Republic of Korea is particularly powerful in the digital sphere. I hope we will be able to cooperate in this area as well," Zelenska said. The presidents' wives visited the Children Rights Protection Center (CRPC), created under a decree of the Head of the Ukrainian State and administered by the Verkhovna Rada Commissioner for Human Rights. The Center opened on June 1, International Children's Day. The Center has created conditions for interviewing children who witnessed and/or were victims of Russian war crimes, were deported to the territory of the Russian Federation, or to the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. The interview is conducted by a psychologist using the specific Barnahus model so that law enforcement officials do not have to repeatedly question a child and thus not cause additional psychological trauma. As of July 14, the Children Rights Protection Center conducted a survey of returned children who witnessed war crimes of the Russian Federation, were deported from the temporarily occupied territories to Russia, and/or illegally relocated to the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. "The main mission of the Center is to restore human (in this case, children's) rights. Restoring safety, respect, attention, and, most importantly, justice, which also means punishment for offenders, no matter how far away they are," Zelenska said. In addition, the wives of the presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Korea visited the National Reserve Sophia of Kyiv. "The thousand-year-old cathedral is one of the very few on our land that survived both the Mongol invasion, and many subsequent invasions and conquerors, the Russian Empire, the Bolsheviks, and the Second World War. And now, with the daily air alerts due to a new invasion – the Russian one – it also remains a place of wisdom and understanding that it is possible to endure. If you get your way," Zelenska said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine