25 captures 13 Jan 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230113221440/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cogo-tizhnya-nam-vdalosya-suttyevo-posiliti-rishuchist-partn-80373 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This week we managed to significantly strengthen resoluteness of our partners to increase supply of weapons to Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2023 - 22:32 View all videos n latest news This week we managed to significantly strengthen resoluteness of our partners to increase supply of weapons to Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2023 - 22:30 Address by the President of Ukraine at the solemn session of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania on the occasion of the Day of Freedom Defenders and the ceremony of awarding the Freedom Prize of the Republic of Lithuania 13 January 2023 - 13:15 Daria Herasymchuk informed representatives of Germany and the Netherlands about illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 13 January 2023 - 13:07 Head of the Office of the President and U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator discussed strengthening of sanction policy on the aggressor state 12 January 2023 - 23:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region and meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania 11 January 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This week we managed to significantly strengthen resoluteness of our partners to increase supply of weapons to Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2023 - 22:30 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! Several more stages of our diplomatic marathon took place today. I spoke with Mrs. Čaputová, the President of Slovakia. About details of our defense cooperation and the diplomatic steps we have planned with the Europeans for the near future. Thank you to Slovakia for supporting the interests of Ukraine and the whole of Europe. I also held talks with the Prime Minister of Albania, Rama. As always, I heard an understanding of our needs, an understanding of the Ukrainian position. In general, thanks to the negotiations this week, we managed to significantly strengthen the resoluteness of our partners to increase the supply of weapons to Ukraine. And we are working as hard as possible to ensure that it's reflected in the decisions of the next meeting at Ramstein Air Base, the meeting of defense ministers, which will take place in the second half of January. We are also preparing for Ukraine's participation in the events of the World Economic Forum in Davos. This year, the traditional economic topics of the forum will obviously give way to security issues. And it's important for us that there is an effective and clear Ukrainian answer to every question of the world regarding security. So be it. I took part in a special solemn meeting of the Lithuanian Seimas. Lithuania celebrated the Day of the Defenders of Freedom – the anniversary of the events of January 1991, when people defended the independence of their state against the efforts of then Moscow to maintain control over Lithuania. And today there was a very symbolic meeting, very emotional. I thanked our Lithuanian brothers for all their actions in support of Ukraine and our struggle for freedom and for all their words about the heroism of our people, which were and will be heard in Lithuania. Today, one of our greatest achievements in the time since February 24 was very clearly felt, namely: the context of European freedom, the context of the integrity of the European Union is simply impossible to imagine now without Ukraine. The fullness of Europe is, in particular, the fullness of integration with Ukraine. We will do everything to implement it in concrete decisions of the European community. Of course, today, as every day, we are constantly in touch with our commanders, with the heads of intelligence and special services. The tough battle for Donetsk region continues, the battle for Bakhmut and Soledar, for Kreminna, for other towns and villages in the east of our country continues. Although the enemy has concentrated its greatest forces in this direction, our troops – the Armed Forces of Ukraine, all defense and security forces – are defending the state. I thank every soldier, sergeant, officer of brigades and other army units who are bravely and staunchly performing their tasks! I thank the fighters of the Kraken unit for their decisive actions to destroy the enemy near Soledar! Thanks to the soldiers of the International Legion of the Defense Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense and the Shaman unit, who are bravely defending Bakhmut! Three hundred twenty-four days of the full-scale war, and how things have changed for Russia... They are already gnawing among themselves over who should be credited with some tactical advance. It's a clear signal of failure for the enemy. And it's another incentive for all of us to put more pressure on the occupier and to inflict heavier losses on the enemy. Thanks to everyone who makes it happen both on the front lines and all our other fronts. That is why today I also want to mark the employees of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine. Those whose work is usually completely invisible. And about whom few people talk. But they really bring closer very important decisions of partners for Ukraine, for our defenders. Thanks for that! I thank all the personnel of the Security Service of Ukraine, whose results in the fight, in particular, against collaborators and saboteurs, society sees. Every step of the state in national defense is carefully prepared, and this gives us legal and fair results. This gives us a real increase in our independence, in all its aspects. Thank you for that! Thanks to everyone who works for the victory of our country! Glory to our soldiers! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine