1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221545/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting on strengthening sustainability of democracy in Ukraine 15 September 2023 - 21:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with representatives of the Government of Ukraine, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, law enforcement agencies, the prosecutor's office, and anti-corruption agencies, at which the concept of strengthening the sustainability of democracy in Ukraine was discussed. President: Ukrainian rescuers demonstrate fortitude and dedication to our country and people every day 15 September 2023 - 14:13 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine on their upcoming professional holiday and took part in the awarding ceremony of the Hero - Rescuer of the Year nationwide action. Thank you for bringing Ukraine's victory closer with your work and prayers – President in a meeting with representatives of Jewish clergy and military personnel 14 September 2023 - 19:26 The Head of State thanked for the support provided by the Jewish communities during the full-scale Russian invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the meeting participants on the upcoming Rosh Hashanah holiday. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport of the Republic of Korea 14 September 2023 - 18:29 The President highly appreciated fruitful development of the bilateral dialogue after visits of First Lady Olena Zelenska to Korea in May and of President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol to Ukraine in July. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Korean delegation for the support of Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and for adoption of the decisions to provide significant practical assistance to our country. President on the Day of Tank Forces: Our tankmen return freedom to Ukraine, faith in victory and make us stronger 14 September 2023 - 17:09 On the Day of Tank Forces, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with tankmen and presented them with state awards. Exerting pressure on Russia works only if there is maximum unity of the world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the Dutch students 12 September 2023 - 16:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the effectiveness of any pressure on the aggressor state - the Russian Federation - depends primarily on the level of unity of the countries of the world, and Ukraine will continue to work hard to enhance it. The Head of State made this statement during an online meeting with the university community of the Netherlands. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany 11 September 2023 - 17:10 The Head of State thanked Germany for its significant support for Ukraine, particularly military and financial. The President emphasized a new package of defense assistance from Germany and a significant contribution to bolstering Ukraine's air defense. Volodymyr Zelenskyy agrees with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan to start negotiations on bilateral agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine 9 September 2023 - 15:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan Yoshimasa Hayashi, who is visiting Ukraine. President discusses with Michael McFaul activities of International Expert Group on Russian Sanctions 9 September 2023 - 11:14 The President noted the importance of systematic work with partner countries to implement the achievements of the International Expert Group. Volodymyr Zelenskyy has phone conversation with Crown Prince and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia 9 September 2023 - 01:02 The leaders discussed current issues in the cooperation between Ukraine and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, building upon their dialogue initiated during their bilateral meeting in Jeddah on May 19 of this year. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine