11 captures 20 Jan 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215012623/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-radnikom-premyer-min-72397 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 14 January 2022 - 15:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic on Foreign Policy and Security Tomáš Pojar. Ihor Zhovkva congratulated his interlocutor on the adoption by the Czech Parliament of a vote of confidence in the coalition government led by Petr Fiala on the evening of January 13. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President informed Tomáš Pojar in detail about the current security situation on the borders of Ukraine and in Donbas, as well as the efforts of our state aimed at a peaceful settlement of the Ukrainian-Russian conflict. The coordinated position of all Ukraine's partners, especially the member states of the European Union and NATO, on preventing further escalation on the part of the Russian Federation was positively noted. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the implementation of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic strategy in the context of preparations for the NATO Summit in Madrid in June 2022. The interlocutors agreed on further cooperation in order to realize the European aspirations of our country, in particular in the context of the Czech presidency of the EU Council in the second half of 2022. Ihor Zhovkva and Tomáš Pojar also discussed the possibility of signing a bilateral declaration in support of Ukraine's European perspective. "We hope that supporting Ukraine's European aspirations will be among the priorities of the Czech presidency of the EU Council, and the Czech Republic will be able to join the circle of states that have officially supported granting Ukraine a European perspective," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. The parties also discussed further cooperation within the Crimea Platform. Mutual readiness to hold a meeting between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic at the next opportunity was confirmed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine