8 captures 20 Nov 2020 - 22 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324224450/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/borotba-z-korupciyeyu-v-ukrayini-ye-principovoyu-poziciyeyu-64913 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:26 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Riksdag in Sweden 24 March 2022 - 14:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The fight against corruption in Ukraine is a fundamental position for the current government, and we will not deviate from this path - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with G7 ambassadors 30 October 2020 - 16:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the ambassadors of the G7 countries. The main topic of the meeting was the recent events related to the decision of the judges of the Constitutional Court, which caused a great resonance in society. The Head of the Office of the President informed of yesterday's urgent meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine and the extraordinary meeting of the government with the participation of the President, as well as the decisions adopted following those meetings. "The smooth operation of the NACP registers was ensured and it was stated that all anticorruption bodies of Ukraine, including the NACP, NABU and others, will continue operation. For us, our position on the fight against corruption is fundamental, and Ukraine will never deviate from this path," Andriy Yermak stressed. He also said that a bill was submitted to the Verkhovna Rada yesterday to restore trust in the constitutional judiciary in Ukraine. "The President and his team, the state and state bodies continue to fight against corruption and those responsible for all these processes in Ukraine. We won during the adoption of land reform, banking law and we will win this time as well," the Head of the Office of the President noted. According to Andriy Yermak, the events in the CCU did not take place without external intervention, so he expressed hope that law enforcement agencies would be able to assess the situation. The Head of the President's Office is confident that a way out of this situation will be found. "It is very important for us that all leaders, representatives of anticorruption bodies know the position of the President: today we are really a united front in protecting the reforms that we have carried out and continue to carry out. The President is very determined, and he will not stop on the path of reforms and the fight against corruption, whoever is behind it," Andriy Yermak stressed and called on the representatives of the G7 to monitor the work of the Anticorruption Council that is to convene in the near future, as well as the reaction of all representatives of political forces "to have a real picture". United States Chargés d'affaires ad interim to Ukraine Kristina Kvien assured that the G7 is ready to help Ukraine move forward on the path of reform. Andriy Yermak also spoke about the local elections that took place in Ukraine on October 25, and stated that they were open, democratic and confirmed the fact that decentralization reform is really taking place in Ukraine. Separately, the Head of the President's Office spoke about the priority issue for the government and personally for the Head of State - achieving peace in Donbas. According to him, the ceasefire in eastern Ukraine has lasted for almost 100 days, but there are provocations by illegal armed groups to disrupt it. Yesterday, during such enemy shelling, unfortunately, two Ukrainian servicemen were killed and two others were wounded. The situation on the ground is currently being handled by the Chief of the General Staff, and Ukraine today initiated an urgent meeting of the TCG working group on security. Andriy Yermak also informed the ambassadors that an active dialogue is underway at the level of advisors of the "Normandy Four" in the context of preparations for the forthcoming summit of the leaders of the Normandy format. The Head of the Office of the President called on the ambassadors of the G7 countries and their governments to support Ukraine in defending its positions and urge all parties to adhere to the regime of silence. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine