3 captures 08 Feb 2024 - 14 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240208215936/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-ukrayinskih-zahisnikiv-yaki-prohodya-88785 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Another 100 Ukrainian warriors returned home from Russian captivity; most of them are defenders of Mariupol and Azovstal – address by the President of Ukraine 8 February 2024 - 21:27 View all videos n latest news Another 100 Ukrainian warriors returned home from Russian captivity; most of them are defenders of Mariupol and Azovstal – address by the President of Ukraine 8 February 2024 - 21:24 Starting today, a new management team takes over the leadership of the Armed Forces of Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 February 2024 - 18:38 Ukraine launched negotiations with Denmark on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 8 February 2024 - 12:50 Olena Zelenska and a Danish delegation visited a children's hospital in Kyiv region that has entered into a medical partnership with a hospital in Copenhagen 8 February 2024 - 11:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Head of State visited Ukrainian defenders undergoing treatment in one of the medical institutions of Kropyvnytskyi 5 February 2024 - 18:33 At a medical facility in Kropyvnytskyi, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy familiarized himself with the treatment conditions for Ukrainian servicemen who were seriously wounded in battles against Russian occupiers in the east of Ukraine, particularly in the area of Robotyne and Verbove. The Head of State spoke with the defenders. They said they were feeling much better now thanks to the sincere care of the medical staff. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the military for their heroic service. "Thank you for your service. You are doing a great job, you are heroes. I wish you a speedy recovery," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the servicemen with state awards for their personal courage and selfless actions in defending the state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as loyalty to the military oath. In particular, he presented the defenders with the Order "For Courage", III class, and the medal "For Military Service to Ukraine". ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine