4 captures 27 Oct 2024 - 11 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241027072136/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kadrovi-rishennya-zakonodavchi-zmini-ta-retelna-perevirka-re-93977 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Expect the Necessary Increase in Pressure on Russia and More Support for Ukraine – Address by the President 26 October 2024 - 20:13 View all videos n latest news We Expect the Necessary Increase in Pressure on Russia and More Support for Ukraine – Address by the President 26 October 2024 - 20:02 Withdrawal of Russian Troops and Cessation of Hostilities: Eighth Thematic Conference Was Held Following the First Peace Summit 25 October 2024 - 21:56 Ukraine and Bulgaria Launched Negotiations on Bilateral Security Agreement 25 October 2024 - 21:10 In November, We Will Be Ready to Present the Final Document for the Second Peace Summit – Address by the President 25 October 2024 - 20:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign Countries 25 October 2024 - 20:02 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Personnel Decisions, Regulatory Changes and Thorough Inspection: Results of the NSDC Meeting on the Situation with the MSEC and Abuse of Disability by Officials 22 October 2024 - 16:53 The National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, held a meeting, where it addressed the situation with the MSEC and the abuse of disability status by officials of various state institutions. The Head of the Security Service of Ukraine, Vasyl Maliuk, and the Minister of Internal Affairs, Ihor Klymenko, reported on inspections and investigations into criminal violations. According to them, numerous facts of violations and cases of fraudulent disabilities among officials were uncovered. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, and Minister of Social Policy Oksana Zholnovych reported on the steps to be taken at the government level. Special attention was paid to the situation in Ukraine's prosecution system. Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin reported on this matter. The National Security and Defense Council has established a list of decisions aimed at restoring justice. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has already approved them by the corresponding decree. In particular, these decisions include the digitalization of procedures for all stages of medical and social expert commissions, a thorough inspection of MSEC members' declarations, as well as verification and revision of unjustified decisions on the disability status of officials, and an audit of the relevant pension accruals. Additionally, there will be regulatory changes to urgently reform the medical and social expertise system in Ukraine with a review of the pension payment system and mechanism for government officials. The Head of State noted that there must be personal accountability for the situation. He instructed the Prime Minister of Ukraine to resolve the problem at the central executive level, particularly within the relevant ministries, and stressed that personnel decisions are needed. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that the Prosecutor General should also bear political accountability for the situation within Ukraine's prosecution bodies. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine