2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324051044/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy: All Rashists will be held accountable for every Ukrainian life taken 16 March 2023 - 22:03 The day will come when all the perpetrators of war crimes against Ukrainians will be brought to justice in the halls of the International Criminal Court and national courts. Rashism will not be able to remain unpunished evil. There will be punishment. And if some terrorists hope to hide somewhere... It will not work for them. We want all Americans to understand that Ukraine's victory is in the interests of the United States - Andriy Yermak 16 March 2023 - 21:58 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that today Ukraine and the United States have become strategic partners and true friends. Further support of Ukraine is in the interests of the United States and all those who value freedom - Andriy Yermak in his address to the World Affairs Council of San Antonio 16 March 2023 - 20:17 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that after more than a year of full-scale Russian invasion, Ukraine has withstood and will not surrender to the enemy. Our country is extremely grateful for the support of the United States of America and all those who came to the aid of Ukrainians in their struggle for freedom. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister of Latvia 16 March 2023 - 19:25 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of the recent approval by the Latvian government of a new substantial package of military assistance to Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 16 March 2023 - 09:26 Particular attention was paid to the issue of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, in which Estonia is a reliable partner of our country. Now we feel that the Russian aggression is approaching the point where it can break - address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2023 - 22:45 The occupier must be destroyed. Thank you to everyone who makes this possible! Glory to each and every one who is now in combat! Glory to everyone who helps! President of Ukraine had a meeting with American entrepreneur and philanthropist Laurene Powell Jobs 15 March 2023 - 19:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Laurene Powell Jobs, American entrepreneur, philanthropist and owner of The Atlantic magazine. The meeting was also attended by the magazine's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg and journalist Anne Applebaum. The strength of our defense and security forces is in the strength of our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 March 2023 - 23:37 We will win this war. We are doing everything for this. We support each other. We reinforce the state. We unite the world for the sake of our victory, which actually consists of the actions of all those who are fighting for Ukraine, who are fighting for our country and for their brothers-in-arms, who are doing everything in order not to let the enemy take either our land or Ukrainian glory. Olena Zelenska held a video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 14 March 2023 - 22:15 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda. The wife of the Ukrainian President thanked for the constant and active assistance to Ukraine. Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir 14 March 2023 - 20:18 The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Iceland reaffirm their support for the principles of international law, the inviolability of borders, and the right for each state to choose its own path and security arrangements. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine