7 captures 20 Feb 2022 - 04 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220221075357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-polyah-myunhenskoyi-konferenciyi-z-pitan-bezpeki-preziden-73017 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President of Ukraine at the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine held a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference 20 February 2022 - 15:06 President of Ukraine and the First Lady honored the memory of the Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred 20 February 2022 - 10:52 President held a meeting with the leadership of law enforcement agencies at Boryspil airport 19 February 2022 - 23:20 Ukraine is well aware of what is happening on our borders and does not react to provocations - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 February 2022 - 20:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany to participate in the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine held a number of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of the Munich Security Conference 20 February 2022 - 15:06 As part of his participation in the 58th Munich Security Conference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a series of meetings with leaders of other states and international institutions. In particular, the President met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked him for a steadfast support for the independence and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as for the assistance provided by the British side to strengthen the defense capabilities of our state. "In these difficult times, it is very important who stands with Ukraine on this path. It is important that there are such real reliable and powerful, not theoretical, but substantive friends as Great Britain," the President said. He informed Boris Johnson about the intensification of provocative shelling of Ukrainian positions and a large-scale disinformation campaign by the Russian Federation to justify further escalation and aggression. "This is a very dangerous moment in our history. If Russia invades Ukraine, it will be a disaster for Europe, for Ukraine and for Russia itself. I believe that everyone at this conference seeks unity, support and solidarity with Ukraine," said the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The President also informed the British Prime Minister about the latest initiatives of our state to intensify the peace process. "Our position is clear and unchanging. Resolving the situation through politics and diplomacy remains an absolute priority for us," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President also met with Prime Minister of the Republic of Bulgaria Kiril Petkov and informed him about the current security situation around our country. "We are aware of all the risks and are ready for any scenario. But under no circumstances will we give in to provocations," the President stressed. The parties discussed the prospects of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration. An important step in the implementation of these tasks was the conclusion of a joint Declaration with Bulgaria in support of Ukraine's European perspective. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the significant potential for the development of bilateral relations with Bulgaria and noted that Ukraine is very interested in this. During the talks with US Vice President Kamala Harris, the President of Ukraine thanked the US administration for the constant dialogue and efforts to prevent a new escalation. The President of Ukraine informed Kamala Harris about the latest events around our country and in the east of the country. The parties discussed the latest steps in the framework of a peaceful settlement and intensification of all negotiation formats. "We share the vision of the peace process. Namely, it is a political and diplomatic way to restore peace and stability,” he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed the need to introduce a preventive package to deter the Russian Federation and elaborate new, effective security guarantees for the Ukrainian state. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the prospects of further cooperation in strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities, as well as providing security assistance. During a meeting with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, the President stressed the importance of providing concrete assistance by allies and partners, in particular in strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities, given the unprecedented security challenges. In the context of de-escalation and stabilization of the situation, the interlocutors discussed the introduction of a preventive package of Russia’s deterrence. The leaders paid special attention to the peaceful settlement within the existing negotiation formats, first of all the Normandy one. During the conversation with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed her of the current security situation around Ukraine, recent events in the east of our country, as well as Ukraine's initiatives to intensify the peace process. The parties reaffirmed their commitment to political and diplomatic efforts to unblock the peace process, restore stability and prevent a possible escalation of Russian aggression. "Today at the Munich Security Conference there is strong support for Ukraine's independence and sovereignty," said Ursula von der Leyen. The President thanked for the financial support provided to Ukraine by the European Union. The interlocutors agreed on the allocation of the first tranche of a new macro-financial assistance program worth 600 million euros. During the meeting with President of the World Bank Group David Malpass, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the successful cooperation of Ukraine with this financial institution, and also thanked for the long-term support of our country. The parties discussed further ways to increase the World Bank's involvement in ensuring the sustainability of Ukraine's financial sector. David Malpass has confirmed the provision of emergency financial support in the amount of $ 350 million for current reforms and important projects. The interest in further reforming and modernizing Ukrzaliznytsia, thermal modernization of residential buildings, and improving the energy efficiency of housing in Ukraine was also confirmed. In addition, in the evening of February 19, after returning from Germany, the President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron. The leaders exchanged assessments and positions in the context of security threats along Ukraine's state border and in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed about the intensification of provocative shelling of Ukrainian positions, in particular settlements, by illegal armed groups, which led to losses among our military. "We regard this as a cynical provocation, but Ukraine does not give in to provocations," the Ukrainian President said. Particular emphasis was placed on the provocative shelling of Ukrainian deputies and representatives of foreign media who were visiting the delimitation line in the Donetsk region. The Presidents discussed the issue of a peaceful settlement, primarily in the light of recent measures within the Normandy format and the refusal of the Russian side to participate in the meeting of the Trilateral Contact Group convened at the initiative of Ukraine. "Russia refused to hold a TCG meeting today and yesterday. We insist on holding it immediately," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed, adding that Ukraine will continue to stand for a complete ceasefire. The interlocutors agreed on the need for further political and diplomatic efforts of the international community to prevent the escalation of Russian aggression. ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany to participate in the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 14:35 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany to participate in the 58th Munich Security Conference 19 February 2022 - 14:35 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine