1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233409/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 16 September 2023 - 18:50 We are continuing to prepare for the Defense Industries Forum. Interest in the Forum is very high. This fully reflects Ukraine's strength and potential – our ability to defend ourselves and help other countries preserve freedom and international order. Olena Zelenska: Mental health is one of the biggest global challenges of the future 16 September 2023 - 11:52 The wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, spoke about the results of a special study on mental health, conducted by the British company Alligator Digital at the request of the Third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. The survey results were presented on September 6 at the Third Summit in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak, Margot Wallström held the second meeting of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group 16 September 2023 - 10:15 The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that environmental protection, like other aspects of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, requires a shared vision and efforts. Ukraine can count on support of the Netherlands in returning home Ukrainian children forcibly deported to Russia – Andriy Yermak based on the results of the visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the Netherlands within Bring Kids Back UA project 16 September 2023 - 00:12 Six children who returned to Ukraine after being forcibly deported by Russia met with European leaders in The Hague to tell their stories in person and draw attention to Russia's violations of children's rights. Head of State holds meeting to discuss protection of Ukraine's interests and principles of free trade with EU after talk with President of European Commission 15 September 2023 - 22:13 The meeting took place immediately after a talk with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen resulted in the agreement that all temporary restrictions imposed by the EU will expire today, September 15. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting on strengthening sustainability of democracy in Ukraine 15 September 2023 - 21:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with representatives of the Government of Ukraine, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, law enforcement agencies, the prosecutor's office, and anti-corruption agencies, at which the concept of strengthening the sustainability of democracy in Ukraine was discussed. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 15 September 2023 - 21:15 In the framework of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of sixth point of Peace Formula regarding withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine at another meeting with ambassadors 15 September 2023 - 21:10 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held the eighth meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps accredited in our country regarding the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Europe always wins when treaties work and promises are kept – address of President of Ukraine 15 September 2023 - 21:05 Restrictive measures against our agricultural exports by the European Union have been cancelled. Now, it is important that European unity works on a bilateral level – with the neighbors. Rostyslav Shurma discusses improvement of business conditions in Ukraine with entrepreneurs 15 September 2023 - 20:28 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Rostyslav Shurma held a meeting with entrepreneurs regarding the facilitation of business conditions in the country and the reform of inspection bodies. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine