6 captures 13 Feb 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240213144211/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-mayemo-prityagnuti-rosiyu-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-zlochini-88873 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I thank each of the seventy senators who voted to continue the support of our country – address by the President of Ukraine 13 February 2024 - 15:02 View all videos n latest news I thank each of the seventy senators who voted to continue the support of our country – address by the President of Ukraine 13 February 2024 - 15:01 Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the Peace Summit with Ukrainian ambassadors 13 February 2024 - 13:06 To add more protection, we are providing greater capabilities to our mobile firing groups – address by the President of Ukraine 12 February 2024 - 19:53 We are working to increase the effectiveness of our mobile firing groups and to provide even more regions of Ukraine with electronic warfare systems – address by the President 11 February 2024 - 20:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A meeting of the President of Ukraine with the military leadership 10 February 2024 - 19:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We must hold Russia accountable for environmental crimes – Andriy Yermak and Margot Wallström presenting the Environmental Compact for Ukraine 9 February 2024 - 18:23 The High-Level Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of the War, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Sweden Margot Wallström, presented the results of their work – the Environmental Compact for Ukraine at a meeting in Kyiv. Vice President of the European Parliament and former Minister for International Development of Finland Heidi Hautala, European Commissioner for Environment, Oceans and Fisheries Virginijus Sinkevičius, Member of Parliament of Sweden Rebecka Le Moine, former member of the Åland Parliament and member of the Ecocide Alliance Simon Holmström attended the meeting. From the Ukrainian side, the meeting was attended by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko, Prosecutor General Andrii Kostin, Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources Ruslan Strilets, Minister of Internal Affairs Ihor Klymenko, advisors to the Head of the President's Office Daria Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz. Andriy Yermak thanked the representatives of the High-Level Working Group for their effective work on preparing the Environmental Compact for Ukraine. "Today, we are talking about the results involving many well-known individuals and experts. For the first time in history, Ukraine, together with you, is not just contemplating but developing a specific plan of action on how to compensate for all the damage inflicted on our environment by this war," said the head of the President's Office. In his conviction, this document should serve as the basis for specific decisions at the Global Peace Summit at the level of state leaders. "Our intention is for the proposed solutions to be incorporated into a joint plan for Ukraine's recovery and the resolution of environmental problems," added Andriy Yermak. The head of the President's Office emphasized that the work of the High-Level Working Group contains concrete recommendations that can be implemented through joint efforts. "Most environmental conferences and summits focus on the future – how to prevent a crisis. But above all, our document addresses the current situation in which Ukrainians live today. It will also provide recipes for the future to prevent similar situations in other countries worldwide. I believe this is a historic moment," Andriy Yermak said. Margot Wallström, for her part, stated that the Environmental Compact for Ukraine is a concrete result of the High-Level Working Group's activities. "We are ready to exert all efforts to continue this work, to work on the implementation of decisions, to see what can be done in Ukraine. We are prepared to cooperate with our international partners, including engaging European Union countries," she said. First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko added that the Environmental Compact will contribute to rebuilding Ukraine as an environmentally friendly and green state. "We cannot wait for the end of the war. We need to focus our efforts on environmental issues right now. And there is a need for broader promotion of these ideas in society," she said. Yulia Svyrydenko also announced that the development of a humanitarian demining strategy is in its final stages, and this year, a conference on demining will be held in Geneva, where the presentation of the Environmental Compact may also take place. Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine Ihor Klymenko added that today, it is necessary to demine another 55,000 hectares of farmland and informed those present about the ministry's work in this direction. European Commissioner for Environment, Oceans, and Fisheries Virginijus Sinkevičius noted that the Environmental Compact aims to assist in the qualitative collection of evidence of environmental damage caused by war and in preparing a case for the Special Tribunal against the aggressor country. "If Russia pays for all the damage it has caused, our work will not be in vain," he said. The EU Commissioner also expressed the opinion that the Environmental Compact will contribute to the further integration of Ukraine into the EU and to the rebuilding of our state. An Environmental Compact for Ukraine - pdf - 36.41 mb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine