28 captures 19 Jun 2022 - 09 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220619080528/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pivden-mi-nikomu-ne-viddamo-vse-svoye-povernemo-i-more-bude-75909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 06:12 View all videos n latest news We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 05:56 President visited a hospital in Odesa and presented awards to medics 18 June 2022 - 20:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the situation in the Odesa region 18 June 2022 - 19:10 In an interview with The Guardian, Olena Zelenska spoke about the situation of Ukrainian families during the war 18 June 2022 - 18:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 18 June 2022 - 13:56 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 05:56 Good health to you! Nightly, almost morning report. I am coming back from the south - visited today our frontline positions in the Mykolaiv region, visited Mykolaiv itself, and the Odesa region as well. I talked to our defenders - military, police, National Guard, territorial defense. Their mood is confident, and looking into their eyes it is obvious that they all do not doubt our victory. Thanked them for the service, for the protection of our state. Thanked the parents of such brave children. Really very strong. Presented awards to the best. Presented the Order of the Golden Star to the Hero of Ukraine Colonel Vadym Sukharevsky, commander of the 59th separate motorized infantry brigade. We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that's ours and the sea will be Ukrainian and safe. Both in Mykolaiv, and in Odesa I held meetings with our military, with all officials who are responsible for defense and maintenance of these two regions. Listened to the reports on the destruction of the regions caused by Russian strikes. The losses are significant. Many houses were destroyed, civilian logistics were disrupted, there are many social issues. I have commissioned to make assistance to people who have lost loved ones more systemic. We will definitely restore everything that was destroyed. Russia does not have as many missiles as our people have the desire to live. Substantively discussed the economic situation, the work of the agricultural sector. Discussed the security of our ports and opportunities for the export of our agricultural products. Our position is clear and unchanged - as soon as we can ensure security through international mediation, Ukraine will do everything possible to counter the food crisis that broke out across the world – in Asia, Africa and most countries of the world – due to the Russian war. I visited city hospitals in Mykolaiv and Odesa. I thanked the doctors and nurses - they are our heroes. On the eve of the Medical Workers’ Day, I congratulated them on their professional holiday. I had a conversation with our defenders wounded in battles. Yesterday I signed a decree conferring the rank of Major General upon the Commander of the Medical Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Tetyana Ostashchenko. Today I had the honor to personally congratulate Tetyana Mykolaivna on this rank. And I always say in my appeals on purpose – male and female defenders. I want all of us in Ukraine to always emphasize the contribution of both men and women to the defense of our state. My main impressions today are absolute pride in our people. I am proud of all those who defend the state! I am grateful to everyone who saves people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine