7 captures 05 Jun 2023 - 02 May 2025 May JUN Jul 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230605203523/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/klyuchova-strategichna-bezpekova-meta-ukrayini-ta-yevropi-ne-83409 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The enemy knows that Ukraine will win – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 June 2023 - 21:58 View all videos n latest news The enemy knows that Ukraine will win – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 June 2023 - 21:55 The key strategic security goal of Ukraine and Europe is to prevent Russia from striking again – Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Rzeczpospolita 5 June 2023 - 20:37 President of Ukraine had a meeting with Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 5 June 2023 - 17:45 The time will come when children on Earth, including those in Ukraine, will be protected from such evil as Russian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 June 2023 - 20:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Estonia in Kyiv 2 June 2023 - 13:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The key strategic security goal of Ukraine and Europe is to prevent Russia from striking again – Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Rzeczpospolita 5 June 2023 - 20:37 To ensure the security of Ukraine and the whole of Europe, the world must unite and take steps to make Russia unable to strike again. A pause in the current war is unacceptable, as it may allow the aggressor to prepare, recover and start the war again. This was stated by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Polish daily Rzeczpospolita. "The key strategic security goal for Ukraine and for the whole of Europe is to prevent Russia from striking again. First, Russia must be completely defeated, and Ukraine must return to its 1991 borders," he said. The second condition is the transformation of the Russian political elite, because without it, the war will never end. "If the current regime in Russia survives, they will take an operational pause for a while and learn from their mistakes. As a result, we will get a much more aggressive state, better prepared for the next stage of the war, which will be waged not only in Ukraine. It is about a number of other countries. Moscow sees Poland as one of its key adversaries because it does not give up and supports Ukraine," the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office noted. In addition, as Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized, it is necessary to ensure that Russia won’t be obsessed with revanchism in the future. "The Russian economy will have to take into account the payment of war reparations to Ukraine over the next 50 years. It is also necessary to completely limit their military potential and impose severe restrictions on the Russian military industry. Russia's possession of long-range missiles should be limited, and it should not be left with a nuclear arsenal," the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. He expressed his belief that Russian President Vladimir Putin and his regime will not listen to any arguments and will not abandon their plans to destroy Ukraine, and any contacts with him legitimize the crimes he commits. At the same time, Mykhailo Podolyak noted that Ukraine does not intend to interfere in the internal political affairs of the Russian Federation and enter Russian territory. In his opinion, changes in Russia should occur as a natural reaction of Russian society to the outcome of this war. The Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office reminded that the Legion "Freedom of Russia" and the "Russian Volunteer Corps", which are fighting on the side of Ukraine and have already crossed the Russian border several times, include only Russian citizens. "What is happening in Russia is an interesting phenomenon. The Kremlin demonstrates that it has no control over the internal space at all. They insisted that they had everything under control. But it is already clear that the Russian authorities cannot respond effectively to new challenges," he said. Mykhailo Podolyak noted that Russia is very fragile and can be destroyed by the actions of dozens of active groups. According to him, there are people in Russia who want to fight Putin not by participating in peaceful protests and waving ribbons, but, for example, by striking at critical infrastructure. According to him, after about three to six months of full-scale war, Ukraine realized that Russia is poorly governed, corrupt, and fragile. It can be attacked from within, because despite its powerful propaganda, Russian counterintelligence is not coping with its tasks. "Russia is one big Potemkin village. They stole their own country. And the Kremlin propaganda claimed that it was a powerful state with a strong military industry, a formidable army and well-organized services. Ukraine has destroyed this myth. There is a lot of chaos there. The events in Belgorod, Kursk, Rostov and Bryansk oblasts show that local authorities do not control the situation there," said Mykhailo Podolyak. When asked whether the Ukrainian counteroffensive is already underway, the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office said that preparations for it are underway and resources are being accumulated. "The shelling of Russian logistics bases in the occupied territories of Ukraine is intensifying. This is called preparing the battlefield," he added. Mykhailo Podolyak noted that Ukraine wants to receive F-16 fighter jets as soon as possible to strengthen its defense. To this end, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has created an informal coalition that includes the leaders of partner countries. "The President has convinced them that we will not close our skies without F-16s. Political decisions on the supply of F-16s have already been made and they will be delivered to Ukraine. About 10-12 countries have declared their participation. Logistics issues are currently being coordinated, we need about 40-60 units. They will protect our skies, for example, from Russian tactical aircraft. Their planes fly to our border and fire missiles at us. We are also moving forward with long-range missiles, which are currently scarce, and not all countries are ready to supply them to us. We are talking about this with our American partners," he said. Speaking about Ukraine's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius, the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office expressed his belief that the Summit should clearly dot the i's and cross the t's and make unequivocal statements that Ukraine is an integral part of the European security architecture. "We understand that the war does not allow us to officially settle our relations, but we need to hear that this will happen immediately after the end of the conflict. I think it will be a natural process, which is now being moderated by history," summarized Mykhailo Podolyak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine