6 captures 02 Jul 2023 - 11 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230702062716/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/600-kuhariv-projdut-navchannya-u-kulinarnih-habah-proektu-sc-83957 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All those who help aggressor to receive response of Ukraine and the whole world – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 21:28 View all videos n latest news All those who help aggressor to receive response of Ukraine and the whole world – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 21:26 When Russians withdraw from Zaporizhzhia NPP, its territory would require careful check to exclude remote detonation possibility – President in interview with Spanish media 1 July 2023 - 20:34 Russia may stage terrorist attack on ZNPP to scare the world with consequences of war, politically influence Ukraine's counteroffensive – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 18:22 President of Ukraine holds meeting in Kyiv with Prime Minister of Spain, which takes over Presidency of the Council of the EU 1 July 2023 - 17:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain in Kyiv 1 July 2023 - 16:26 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 600 cooks will be trained at the culinary hubs of the School Chef's Training Hubs Development project 30 June 2023 - 14:11 As part of the school nutrition reform initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, cooks are being trained at the culinary hubs of the School Chef's Training Hubs Development project. Employees of vocational educational institutions in Kyiv, Lviv, Ternopil, Poltava, and Odesa regions attended the online theoretical course. The training was attended by 65 cooks, and by the end of the year, 600 people will have completed the course. In the future, they will become coaches/teachers for school chefs. "Modern equipment is being brought to the culinary hubs. We will gradually equip school kitchens across the country with the same equipment. Here, students will be taught to cook meals from the updated school menu and create their own," the President's wife noted. The School Chef's Training Hubs Development project to create training centers for school catering chefs has been implemented since March as part of the school nutrition reform strategy initiated by First Lady Olena Zelenska with the support of Switzerland (through the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation (SDC) and the Embassy of Switzerland in Ukraine). The project involves the NGOs Cult Food and the National Association of Public Catering in cooperation with the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine. The program of theoretical training for cooks in culinary hubs includes the following topics: - general provisions and principles of school nutrition in Ukraine. Organization of catering in an educational institution; - regulations on hygiene and sanitation in general secondary education institutions; - implementation of the HACCP system; - methods of catering organization. Three technological models, principles of their application; - modern heat treatment technologies: steam convection technology; - dietetics, nutrition, organics, and the use of spices; - multifunctional culinary systems; - principles of creating technological cards and menus for school catering in accordance with Resolution No. 305 of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine. "The school nutrition reform continues despite the war. Because despite the destruction, we create, develop, and improve. We are preparing the future," Olena Zelenska summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine