8 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 09 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204141246/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the fallen participants of the Revolution of Dignity 21 November 2022 - 11:12 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with his wife Olena honored the memory of the activists perished during the Revolution of Dignity. Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Dignity and Freedom 21 November 2022 - 09:01 Everyone saw what kind of people we have! Willing to give the last. Willing to stand to the last. They did not lose dignity. Bravery. Faith in themselves. And they united. In order not to lose freedom. Not to lose independence. Not to lose Ukraine. This year the world saw how important the contribution of Ukrainians to global food security is – address by the President of Ukraine 20 November 2022 - 21:19 The fiercest battles, as before, are in the Donetsk region. Luhansk region - little by little we are moving forward with battles. South - we are holding the line, consistently and very calculatedly destroying the potential of the occupiers. Congratulations from the President of Ukraine to President of the United States Joseph R. Biden 20 November 2022 - 19:23 Allow me to express gratitude for everything You are doing to support Ukraine in the most difficult and defining moment of our history. Ukraine wants peace, but for its restoration we need support - President's address to the members of the International Organization of La Francophonie 20 November 2022 - 19:17 That is why it is so important that we stop Russian aggression. This is not just about our country, which Russia is trying to take over. It's about something more. About stability for everyone in the world. Another meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief takes place under chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 November 2022 - 21:00 Staff members listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the task forces about the situation at the front. Separately, the situation in Donetsk region was in focus. Ukraine, together with its allies, starts developing Joint Declaration on Ukrainian Air Shield – address of Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak at Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 20:23 We aim at building a complex multi-level system of anti-aircraft and anti-missile defense. It will contribute to the entire European air security. We will provide everything needed for our protection – address of President of Ukraine 19 November 2022 - 19:19 We are working throughout the country to stabilize the situation. The most problems with electricity are in the city of Kyiv and Kyiv region, the city of Odesa and Odesa region, the city of Kharkiv and Kharkiv region. Vinnytsia, Ternopil, Cherkasy, Chernihiv and other regions – energy workers are doing everything possible to give people a normal life. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Rishi Sunak honor memory of Ukrainian defenders 19 November 2022 - 17:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the UK Rishi Sunak, who is visiting our country, honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders and visited the exhibition of destroyed Russian equipment. Russia's actions confirm need for European Parliament to adopt resolution designating Russia as state sponsor of terrorism – Ihor Zhovkva 19 November 2022 - 12:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with a delegation of the Greens/EFA Group in the European Parliament led by its Co-President Terry Reintke. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine