8 captures 21 Jul 2022 - 18 Jun 2024 Jun JUL Aug 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220721151526/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-obgovoriv-z-poslom-italiyi-uchast-u-vidnov-76593 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The representatives of Ukraine did not stop working for a single day to obtain an effective air defense system - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 July 2022 - 22:07 View all videos n latest news Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Ambassador of Italy discussed the participation in the recovery of the affected regions of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 16:45 In the framework of the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, fundraising for ambulance vehicles was initiated 21 July 2022 - 12:49 Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary 21 July 2022 - 10:28 Olena Zelenska called on the US to provide Ukraine with air defense systems 21 July 2022 - 09:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the US 20 July 2022 - 17:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Ambassador of Italy discussed the participation in the recovery of the affected regions of Ukraine 21 July 2022 - 16:45 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Italian Republic to Ukraine Pier Francesco Zazo. The parties discussed the participation of Italy in the reconstruction of infrastructure facilities in our country destroyed as a result of the full-scale Russian aggression on the territory of the Kyiv, Odesa and Zhytomyr regions. Kyrylo Tymoshenko presented the Fast Recovery plan for the infrastructure in the settlements affected by hostilities. "We want to restore private houses, apartments, schools, kindergartens and networks. We need it now. That is why we are talking to a number of countries about providing us with assistance in the implementation of the fast recovery plan," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. He emphasized that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during negotiations with the leaders of other countries discusses their participation in the reconstruction of the infrastructure of Ukrainian settlements. "We have a general plan for the fast recovery of Ukraine, as well as regional plans. Interested countries can participate in the reconstruction of not only settlements, regions, but also individual objects, such as schools," said Kyrylo Tymoshenko. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President informed about the functioning of the online platform, which provides up-to-date information on damaged objects. For his part, the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Italy noted that his country is interested in participating in the restoration of affected settlements and regions. In particular, it is about the cooperation of Ukrainian and Italian cities that have partnership experience. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine