33 captures 30 Nov 2022 - 21 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221130212354/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/analizuyemo-namiri-okupantiv-i-gotuyemo-protidiyu-she-potuzh-79561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and preparing a countermeasure - even more powerful than now - address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2022 - 22:31 View all videos n latest news We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and preparing a countermeasure - even more powerful than now - address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2022 - 22:25 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 30 November 2022 - 10:03 First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 29 November 2022 - 23:47 For Russia to be held to account for aggression, a Special Tribunal is needed, and we are doing everything to create it - address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2022 - 23:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and preparing a countermeasure - even more powerful than now - address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2022 - 22:25 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! I held another meeting of the Staff today. The main issues are the Donetsk region, Luhansk region, Kharkiv region, Zaporizhzhia region, Kherson region, Crimea, frontline territories and our state border. We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and are preparing a countermeasure - an even more powerful countermeasure than now. We considered the issue of providing for the military and supplying new equipment and ammunition. I separately held a meeting on energy and communication issues. We record the results of what has already been done to protect our systems. We are preparing new solutions. We are also preparing new solutions to prevent any opportunity for Russia to manipulate the internal life of Ukraine. We will provide details in due time. As of this evening, about 6 million subscribers in most regions of our country and in Kyiv are disconnected from electricity. The situation remains very difficult in the capital, as well as in the Kyiv, Vinnytsia, Lviv, Odesa, Khmelnytskyi and Cherkasy regions. Energy workers and utility workers, all our services are doing everything to stabilize the system and give people more energy for longer. And I want to emphasize once again: it is very important that people understand when and for what period of time they will be left without electricity. This is the responsibility of both the energy companies themselves and local authorities. People have a right to know. And to the extent that it is possible now, the predictability of life should be ensured. People see that in neighboring houses or on nearby streets, for some reason, the rules regarding light are different. And there should be justice and clarity. Today we have two very important pieces of international news. Canada has successfully completed the issuance of special bonds - bonds of sovereign support of Ukraine. The volume is 500 million Canadian dollars. In fact, Canada assumes this debt to help our nation. The funds will go to the state budget of Ukraine. I am grateful to our Canadian friends and personally to Mr. Justin Trudeau and Mrs. Chrystia Freeland for this manifestation of Canadian leadership. Leadership that demonstrates to other partners what can be effective right now to support Ukraine. And news from Germany. The Bundestag voted for a resolution recognizing the Holodomor as genocide of the Ukrainian people. This is a decision for justice, for truth. And this is a very important signal to many other countries of the world that Russian revanchism will not succeed in rewriting history. We would praise one more decision of Germany, which will certainly become historic, - to transfer the Patriot system to Ukraine. All generations of Ukrainians will thank Chancellor Scholz, as well as the entire generation of modern German politicians. Glory to everyone who defends Ukraine! Gratitude to everyone who helps our state! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine