7 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233426/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-shostu-zustrich-iz-predstavnikami-inoze-84945 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak holds sixth meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic institutions regarding implementation of Peace Formula 18 August 2023 - 17:56 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held the sixth meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic institutions accredited in our country regarding building a system for the implementation of the Peace Formula. The meeting, which took place on the territory of the botanical garden of the National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine, concerned the point of the Peace Formula "Ecological safety." Representatives of 63 diplomatic missions took part in the event in person and via video links. Yermak thanked the representatives of the diplomatic institutions of Albania, Cyprus, Malaysia, Moldova, Malta, Slovenia, Thailand, Vietnam, who joined the discussion of the points of the Peace Formula for the first time. "I am sincerely convinced that with joint efforts, we will quickly overcome the path to a just and sustainable peace. Our proposed Formula is the framework that enables this promotion. It covers a number of projects that your countries help us implement, for which we are infinitely grateful," the head of the President's Office said. He thanked the representatives of the diplomatic missions for the dialogue regarding the creation of working groups on the implementation of separate points of the Peace Formula, which is an extremely positive signal. "We count on fruitful cooperation and hope that soon we will be able to develop an action plan to implement each point of the Peace Formula. Your participation in this process is extremely valuable," Yermak said. In the context of environmental security issues, the head of the President's Office said that Russia is at war not only with the Ukrainian state, but also with the environment. According to him, almost 2,500 cases of environmental damage have already been recorded, and the Prosecutor General's Office is investigating almost 200 cases of environmental war crimes. "The intent behind these crimes, and their scale, points to a systematic policy of extermination. Damage, often irreparable, was caused to soil, air, forests, and water resources. In some places, entire ecosystems have been destroyed. About 250,000 square kilometers of Ukraine's territory are contaminated by mines and shells. This is comparable to the territory of Great Britain," he said. Yermak said that 20% of nature conservation areas of our country are under occupation or in the war zone. In addition, almost a third of Ukrainian forests have been damaged due to Russian aggression. "About 3 million hectares have been dug up or burned. This is about three fourths of the territory of Switzerland. Tens of thousands of tonnes of toxic substances enter the air from thousands of fires and millions of explosions. About 33 million tonnes of carbon dioxide were released into the atmosphere," he said. The head of the President's Office said that nature can mercilessly punish all mankind for the inability to stop an aggressor who disregards her laws. "We all have something in common. This is our planet. It unites us despite any ideological differences, skin color or political system. Therefore, the crimes against nature that Russia is committing today in Ukraine are crimes against the entire planet. Against all states and nations. And not only millions of living creatures in Ukraine suffer from ecocide, but also millions of people all over the world suffer," Yermak added. The head of the Office of the President noted the special importance of creating an effective mechanism to overcome the environmental consequences of the Russian invasion. According to Yermak, in this matter it is worth working in three key directions: assessment of environmental damage, including long-term consequences, compensation for damages and prosecution for environmental damage; ecological recovery and transition to a green economy. "These approaches are aimed not only at mitigating the current environmental crisis, but also at laying the foundation for a sustainable and environmentally conscious future," he is convinced. The head of the President's Office separately touched on the issue of demining the territories of our country. He said that to coordinate efforts and develop a demining policy, the government created the Humanitarian Demining Center. "This will help establish the joint work of public and private entities in accordance with the best standards accepted by all interested parties, use the support of partners as effectively as possible, and also determine real issues and ways of their implementation," Yermak added. He said that the supervisory board of the Humanitarian Demining Center unites international leaders and Ukrainian experts on this issue. According to Yermak, the supervisory board works according to transparent rules, especially regarding the use of support that Ukraine receives from foreign partners. "Like other aspects of the Peace Formula, environmental protection requires a common vision and joint efforts," the head of the President's Office said. First Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Economy Yulia Svyrydenko, Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources Ruslan Strilets and Minister of Internal Affairs Ihor Klymenko informed the meeting participants about the current situation in the field of environmental security in Ukraine. Co-chair of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group, ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sweden Margot Wallström emphasized the importance of paying significant attention to the issue of the impact of the war in Ukraine on the environment. She said that the implementation of this point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula is crucial not only for Ukraine, but also for everyone in the world. Wallström emphasized the need to document crimes against the environment. The ex-minister also said that, considering the fact that Ukraine is one of the largest exporters of grain to the world market, aggression against our state creates risks for global food security. In addition, according to her, there are critical challenges for sustainable development and prevention of climate change. "We know that it is not enough to simply pay attention to the impact of war on the ecology of every country. There are no generally accepted standards to measure the damage caused to the environment by this or that war or conflict. We have to identify these damages, work to prevent them from increasing, and also unify these lessons learned so that they can be applied in the event of other conflicts," Wallström said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine