1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=21 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – European integration is a component of Ukraine's defense in the war against Russia - Ihor Zhovkva 29 March 2023 - 19:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the Political Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Sweden Torbjörn Sohlström. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with members of the working group on Ukraine's participation in the OECD 29 March 2023 - 18:57 The participants discussed the work on the draft law on the liability of legal entities for international bribery. The introduction of efficient and effective anti-corruption mechanisms is one of the conditions for our country's participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. Ihor Zhovkva: Start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU is an investment in the secure future of Europe 28 March 2023 - 20:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the European Parliament's political group "Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats" headed by its President Iratxe García Pérez. Ihor Zhovkva and Daria Herasymchuk discussed with representatives of foreign embassies the rescue of Ukrainian children deported by Russia 28 March 2023 - 10:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a meeting with representatives of foreign embassies, where they discussed the problem of Ukrainian children deported and forcibly relocated by Russia. Ihor Zhovkva had a conversation with the State Secretary for International Affairs at the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia 27 March 2023 - 18:50 Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to the Slovenian side for consistent political support of Ukraine, practical help in countering Russian aggression and overcoming its consequences, willingness to participate in the reconstruction of destroyed Ukrainian cities and demining of territories. Andriy Yermak discussed with Orlando Bloom the issue of increasing the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children 27 March 2023 - 12:05 "I am talking about the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia. We faced a situation where in the 21st century there is no mechanism in the world - no organization - that would know how or be able to overcome this problem," Andriy Yermak said. Head of Office of Ukraine's President holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania 24 March 2023 - 19:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania Gabrielius Landsbergis. The leadership of the President's Office and international experts discussed the model of the future tax refor 24 March 2023 - 10:06 Under the patronage of the Office of the President of Ukraine and with the participation of international experts, the Ukrainian tax reform and anti-corruption summit was held, dedicated to discussing the configuration of the future tax reform. We count on Denmark's support for the beginning of accession negotiations - Ihor Zhovkva 22 March 2023 - 20:07 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Foreign Policy Committee of the Folketing (Parliament) of Denmark, headed by Committee Chairman Michael Aastrup Jensen. Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary General of the International Chamber of Commerce John Denton 21 March 2023 - 18:53 Ihor Zhovkva emphasized the important role of the International Chamber of Commerce as the world's largest business association in supporting Ukraine's private sector, in particular SMEs. 1 2 ... 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine