1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030956/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=158 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – I urge you to do everything possible so that the OSCE becomes a co-creator of the victory over Russian terror - President during his speech at the OSCE PA 24 November 2022 - 13:59 I urge you to do everything you can to ensure that the OSCE is among those who are truly able to stop terror and help bring Russian murderers and torturers to justice. Olena Zelenska and Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of women – leaders of the EU countries 24 November 2022 - 12:38 The President's wife thanked the interlocutors for the significant help from their countries to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Important support for millions of forced temporary migrants from Ukraine who found refuge in EU countries was separately noted. Energy workers, utility workers, State Emergency Service will work round the clock; we are gradually connecting new and new districts - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 00:33 We are doing everything for the people. And the occupiers are doing everything to make people suffer, so that we can't even hear and see each other. The Russian occupiers still haven’t understood that they have only today. And we definitely have tomorrow. Ukraine proposes to adopt a resolution condemning energy terror - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the meeting of the UN Security Council convened after the missile strikes of the Russian Federation 24 November 2022 - 00:15 We expect a strong reaction from the world to today's Russian terror. We expect the reaction of partners. We expect the reaction of friends - not just observers. We expect the reaction of all those who really recognize the UN Charter. Ukraine highly appreciates support from Montenegro - Ihor Zhovkva 23 November 2022 - 20:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with Minister of Internal Affairs, Acting Minister of Defense of Montenegro Filip Adžić, who is in our country on a working visit. The project of assistance from the European cities with the supply of generators is designed to help Ukrainians survive the most difficult winter in modern history - Andriy Yermak 23 November 2022 - 18:27 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak together with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola and President of Eurocities and Mayor of Florence Dario Nardella took part in the video conference mode in the official launch in Strasbourg of the Eurocities project to help Ukrainian cities with the supply of generators. Olena Zelenska became the honored guest at the Forum of the First Ladies of the Commonwealth Caribbean 23 November 2022 - 15:59 Olena Zelenska proposed joint projects to the participants within the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. Across the country, we are rolling out a new "Points of Invincibility" project to support people - address by the President of Ukraine 22 November 2022 - 22:47 By helping each other, we will all be able to get through this winter together. It is necessary to strengthen cooperation with international partners regarding the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting of the working group 22 November 2022 - 22:38 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. After implementing the recommendations of the European Commission, we expect a proper assessment of Ukraine's progress by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 22 November 2022 - 20:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a call with European Policy Advisor to the Federal Chancellor of Germany Undine Ruge. 1 2 ... 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine