1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033046/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=67 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine met with actor Misha Collins who became UNITED24 Ambassador in the area of humanitarian demining 31 May 2023 - 12:09 Misha Collins said that his friend, British journalist and photographer Giles Duley, once stepped on an explosive device in Afghanistan and lost both legs and an arm. So for him, helping with humanitarian demining is a personal issue. President got acquainted with the plan of returning children illegally deported by Russia, Bring Kids Back UA, and took part in the opening of the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights 31 May 2023 - 09:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke with the family of Mariupol defenders who were held in Russian captivity and released as part of a prisoner exchange. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom took place in the Office of the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:21 The main topic of the conversation was strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities and providing our country with effective security guarantees on its way to NATO membership. The relevant decisions are to be made at the NATO Summit in Vilnius in July this year. We continue consolidating partners to make Ukrainian air defense as effective as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:11 Now, in Ukraine, on our land, in our sky, it is being decided whether freedom and civilization will retain global leadership in this century. Decided by us, together with America, together with Europe, together with all our allies and partners. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: video call with representatives of political and security leadership of Poland took place 30 May 2023 - 21:37 Representatives of the Office of the President and the Ukrainian Defense Forces discussed with the Polish delegation the state of bilateral cooperation in the field of defense support for the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva participated in the 18th GLOBSEC-2023 International Security Forum 30 May 2023 - 20:10 "Since the war is taking place on the territory of Ukraine, it is up to Ukrainians to decide on the conditions under which it should end and what a just peace should look like," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Atlantic Council delegation 30 May 2023 - 18:53 During the meeting, the issue of Ukraine's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius was raised. The President emphasized that it is important for Ukraine to receive a clear signal about the prospects of membership in the Alliance. President discussed localization of production in Ukraine with representatives of the British company BAE Systems 30 May 2023 - 18:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video call with representatives of the British defense company BAE Systems: CEO Charles Woodburn, Managing Director Gabby Costigan and Director for cooperation with Ukraine Christian Seear. With our success, pressure and Patriots we will respond to all manifestations of Russia's evil – address by the President of Ukraine 29 May 2023 - 21:48 Russia wants to follow the path of evil to the end, that is, to its defeat, because evil cannot have any other end but defeat. The world must see that terror is losing. Address by the President of Ukraine to the American people on the US Memorial Day 29 May 2023 - 19:31 We, Ukrainians, will always be grateful to the US and every American for an extraordinary support which helps us confine the Russian tyranny to the losers – those who lost to freedom. 1 2 ... 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine