9 captures 05 Nov 2023 - 05 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231105133938/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-zahodi-shkilni-avtobusi-dlya-86801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine can accomplish significant achievements when working together in the interests of its independence and all Ukrainians – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 4 November 2023 - 17:34 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska takes part in School Buses for Ukraine event 4 November 2023 - 21:32 Ukraine can accomplish significant achievements when working together in the interests of its independence and all Ukrainians – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 4 November 2023 - 17:32 The decision to open negotiations on Ukraine's EU membership to be of pivotal significance in the history of all of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 15:25 The President of Ukraine, together with the President of the European Commission, greet Ukrainian railway workers on their professional holiday 4 November 2023 - 12:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska takes part in School Buses for Ukraine event 4 November 2023 - 21:32 During the visit of President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen to Kyiv, a ceremony of handing over school buses took place. As part of the "School Buses for Ukraine" solidarity campaign initiated in the autumn of 2022 by President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, Ukrainian communities received over 370 school buses. The ceremony was also attended by Minister of Education and Science Oksen Lisovyi and community representatives. The First Lady expressed her gratitude to the European Commission for the assistance. "Last year, during my visit to the European Parliament, I talked about this need to Madam President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. And now, Ukrainian communities are receiving over 370 buses. This is a great manifestation of solidarity. This is a direct route to the future of children, both theirs and the whole country, in the midst of war. This is what school buses are, and this is why they are important," the President's wife said. As part of this campaign, the European Commission purchased 100 buses at a total cost of approximately EUR 14 million. Public and private organizations in EU member countries provided an additional 271 school buses through the EU Civil Protection Mechanism coordinated by the European Commission. Ursula von der Leyen, the President of the European Commission, stated, "This brutal war has robbed thousands of Ukrainian children of the innocence of childhood. But it will not deprive them of the bright and happy future they deserve. That's why I'm happy that we can help to take the children of Ukraine to school, safely. Providing over 370 school buses by the European Commission and member states demonstrates our shared commitment to the future generations of Ukrainians." Olena Zelenska expressed her gratitude to European partners for this valuable contribution to education and supporting children in Ukraine. The delivered buses will be distributed among six regions affected by Russian aggression: Kyiv, Sumy, Mykolaiv, Dnipropetrovsk, Lviv, and Chernihiv. "The need for buses still exists. Currently, we lack approximately 2,100 buses, including more than 200 units of transport for children with disabilities. Therefore, partner assistance is extremely important for Ukrainian communities and students," Minister of Education and Science Oksen Lisovyi said. Olena Zelenska also mentioned that among the new buses, there are inclusive ones equipped with lifts for students who use wheelchairs. This will help ensure access to education for all Ukrainian students. "I wish the communities that receive them to make good use of these buses. Our children endure all the hardships of wartime with resilience and have the courage to learn. So, we need create the best conditions for them. It's our duty," Olena Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine