10 captures 25 Mar 2023 - 06 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230325192758/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-proviv-zustrich-iz-minist-81797 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine to the graduates of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odessa Maritime Academy" 25 March 2023 - 11:32 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine to the graduates of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odessa Maritime Academy" 25 March 2023 - 11:31 The enemy must know: Ukraine won't forgive offenses against our people, won't forgive these deaths and injuries – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 March 2023 - 20:10 Head of Office of Ukraine's President holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania 24 March 2023 - 19:26 President of Ukraine held a meeting with the delegation of the World Bank 24 March 2023 - 17:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the festivities marking the NGU's 9th anniversary and the graduation of officers of the NGU National Academy and the NGU Kyiv Institute 24 March 2023 - 13:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of Office of Ukraine's President holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania 24 March 2023 - 19:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania Gabrielius Landsbergis. The head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude to the Lithuanian side for effective multi-format assistance to Ukraine from the very beginning of Russia's full-scale aggression. "Ukrainians appreciate it very much. We are real friends. And our victory in this war will be our joint victory," Yermak said. The head of the President's Office briefed Landsbergis on the course of events at the front and said: "The war continues, and there are many challenges. However, we must win. We are preparing new operations. The situation is difficult, but we are holding our positions." The extreme importance of further military and technical assistance from Lithuania, including the training of Ukrainian troops, assistance in repair of equipment for the needs of the Armed Forces, and rehabilitation and treatment of wounded fighters, was highlighted. Common approaches to the issue of completely removing restrictions on the supply of all types of modern weapons to Ukraine were noted. The parties also emphasized the importance of the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU by the end of 2023 and our country's willingness to actively work to achieve progress on the way to future NATO membership. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania Gabrielius Landsbergis with the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise III degree for special merits. "I'm thankful to you, your country, and your great people for supporting Ukraine. We will never forget it. You are always welcome in Ukraine," the Head of State said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine