20 captures 07 Oct 2023 - 16 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231012143854/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-vidbuvayetsya-udar-teroristiv-usi-hto-cinuye-zhittya-ma-86173 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The resilience of the resistance depends on the continuity of support - speech by the President at the 4th session of the ministerial roundtable on support for Ukraine in Marrakech 12 October 2023 - 10:24 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska launches the 70th Ukrainian audio guide 12 October 2023 - 13:16 The resilience of the resistance depends on the continuity of support - speech by the President at the 4th session of the ministerial roundtable on support for Ukraine in Marrakech 12 October 2023 - 10:23 Oleksiy Kuleba met with a representative of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees in Ukraine 11 October 2023 - 22:59 Our warriors and the entire nation are getting stronger every day – address by the President of Ukraine 11 October 2023 - 20:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 11 October 2023 - 11:18 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When terrorists attack, everyone who values life must stand in solidarity – address by the President of Ukraine 7 October 2023 - 21:32 Dear Ukrainians! Today, since morning, I have been in constant contact with our diplomats and intelligence. Due to the terrorist attack on Israel and the threat to our citizens in Israel, an operational headquarters has been established under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. All agencies and our embassy are monitoring information about Ukrainian citizens who may be in danger. As of now, the information about the possible death of one Ukrainian citizen is being verified and the search for two of our citizens is underway. As soon as the details regarding these people are verified, Ukrainian diplomats will announce it to the public. Please, dear Ukrainians, if you are in Israel now, be as careful as possible. Follow the instructions of the security forces and take care of yourself and others around you. If you need anything, please contact our embassy by any means available to you – Ukraine will help all its people, no matter what. Today, the whole world has seen horrific footage from Israel – footage of terrorists abusing women and men, taking even the elderly hostage without mercy... My condolences to all those whose loved ones have been killed! I wish a speedy recovery to everyone wounded. When such a terrorist attack occurs, everyone who values life must stand in solidarity. We in Ukraine are particularly sensitive to what has happened. Thousands of missiles in the sky of Israel... People killed right in the streets... Riddled cars with civilians... Abuse of hostages... Unfortunately, terror has also brought all this to the streets of Ukrainian cities and villages... Our position is absolutely clear: anywhere in the world, anyone who brings terror and death must be held accountable. Today's terrorist attack on Israel was thoroughly prepared, and the whole world understands which sponsors of terror could have encouraged and organized this attack. Israel has every right to protect itself from terror. So does any other state. And it is very important for the whole world to respond to terror in a united and principled fashion. No support for terrorists! Wherever they aim their missiles and whomever they attack, terrorists must lose. And this is important for the whole world. Human life, peace and tranquility of nations are equally important everywhere – in Asia, Europe, Africa, America and Australia. Everywhere. Let the value of human life and the intolerance of terror be the principles that will finally unite the whole world. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine