2 captures 29 Jun 2022 - 30 Sep 2022 May JUN Jul 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220629224450/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/peremoga-ukrayini-u-vijni-z-rosiyeyu-bude-spilnoyu-peremogoy-76117 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos 144 Ukrainian warriors were returned from Russian captivity, we will do everything to bring everyone home - address by the President of Ukraine 29 June 2022 - 22:53 View all videos n latest news 144 Ukrainian warriors were returned from Russian captivity, we will do everything to bring everyone home - address by the President of Ukraine 29 June 2022 - 22:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with British entrepreneur Richard Branson 29 June 2022 - 20:51 Creating a security guarantees mechanism for Ukraine will be an important step towards a new safe world - speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at the NATO Public Forum 29 June 2022 - 20:08 President held talks with the President of Indonesia who is visiting Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 18:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Indonesia in Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 16:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ukraine's victory in the war with Russia will be a joint victory of the whole democratic world - President in an interview with NBС 29 June 2022 - 10:29 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the military-political leadership of the Russian Federation has started a war not only with Ukraine, but also with the entire democratic world, so in the event of our defeat, all countries that declare democratic values will lose. He stated this in an interview with the American TV channel NBC. The Head of State said that daily hostilities in Ukraine inflict heavy losses, including on Russia. "Where we lose one person, Russia loses five. Where we lose one tank, they lose five. Yes, we are struggling. But we have to be fair and say that it is really difficult for us. Because for one of our tanks they have ten of their own, for one of our fighters they have ten of their own. No matter how strong we are, there are ten times more of them. It is difficult for us, but we are holding on," he said. The President added that in some areas the Ukrainian defense forces were pushing back the enemy, and in some areas they were forced to withdraw due to the numerical superiority of the enemy. "It is difficult for us to resist Russia alone. And we probably won’t withstand it alone, so the support of Europe and the United States is very important… Everyone should understand that this is not our war. Not just Russia's war with Ukraine, this is the war of the entire civilized world with Russia, with its military-political leadership, with its army. We won’t cope with it alone, and thank God they help us," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the Head of State, if the world gets tired of this war, democracy will lose as well. But the victory will be common as well. "If we lose, democracy will lose. It means that the United States, the European states, which declare these values, about which we all talk so much, will lose. I know that it is not easy for everyone, and I understand that what is happening in our country is very far away, and it is difficult for some states to fully understand it in detail," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that there is no distance for war, its consequences will affect everyone on the planet in one way or another. The President stressed that Ukraine needs more weapons in order to balance forces and be able to resist Russia and defend its territories. "The United States has given us a lot. I am grateful to them, I am grateful to the President. But we need much more… The war will definitely end, and I am sure it will end with the victory of Ukraine, no matter how difficult it is for us. We must oust the occupiers from our land. We will do it as much as we can. For us, this is our life and path," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked members of the US Senate and President Joseph Biden for supporting the resolution on recognizing Russia as a state - sponsor of terrorism. Also, according to him, the sanctions policy is important. "It all works. Economic isolation is the isolation of civilization from the Russian Federation. It works, but it is not a very fast process," he said. According to the President, it is important for all countries to adhere to sanctions, because if something does not work one hundred percent, there will be no one hundred percent result. Unity is important for the effect of restrictive measures. "I really want the sanctions to be supported by all states, and then there will be an immediate hit," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine