1 capture 03 Apr 2024 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403142316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-04-2023&date-to=02-04-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska addressed the participants of the Malta Biennale on the occasion of the opening of the Ukrainian pavilion 17 March 2024 - 13:21 The Malta Biennale (maltabiennale.art 2024) is a new international exhibition of contemporary art in Europe. It began on March 13 and will run until May 31, 2024. Ukraine will now always have a strike force in the sky – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 March 2024 - 20:37 I am grateful to the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Security Service of Ukraine, and Defense Intelligence for their new Ukrainian long-range capability. I am equally grateful to our defense-industrial complex and everyone who works for Ukrainian strength. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 16 March 2024 - 16:26 The parties discussed the situation on the battlefield and the urgent needs of Ukrainian defenders. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of prompt approval of the aid package for Ukraine by the U.S. House of Representatives. The President awarded Deaflympics athletes who won the overall team medal count at the Winter Games for the first time since Ukraine's independence 16 March 2024 - 14:05 "And everyone who earns respect for the Ukrainian character and the Ukrainian state helps us all. They help the people to endure. They help our fighters on the front lines in the fight for our independence," said the Head of State. Rostyslav Shurma explained how "Made in Ukraine" will operate 16 March 2024 - 12:49 According to him, support for domestic manufacturers will be based on three principles: stimulating demand through cashback in both consumer and industrial segments, investment lending, and deregulation. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Celso Amorim 16 March 2024 - 09:58 Continuing the dialogue with the countries of the Global South, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Chief Advisor to the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Celso Amorim. Yulia Sokolovska spoke about new opportunities for young scientists at a meeting with students at Taras Shevchenko National University 16 March 2024 - 09:24 The meeting took place within the framework of the program "Mentorship for Leaders: European Integration and Ukraine's Recovery". The fairer responses we have towards the Russian state, the harder it will be for Putin to continue his rule, and thus, the war – address by the President of Ukraine 15 March 2024 - 18:45 The Cabinet of Ministers must do everything to create even more high-tech and long-range, mass-produced drones. This must be the conveyor of Russian responsibility for terror. Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the first Global Peace Summit with the Ambassador of Brazil 15 March 2024 - 17:43 The interlocutors discussed preparations for the first Global Peace Summit to be held in Switzerland. As part of the ongoing dialogue, Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 15 March 2024 - 17:23 The Head of the Presidential Office spoke about the preparations for the first Global Peace Summit in Switzerland at the level of state leaders and noted the high level of support for the event. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine