8 captures 18 Jun 2023 - 11 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230618133521/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-realizuvala-proekt-iz-zabezpechen-83657 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 22:02 View all videos n latest news I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 21:58 Olena Zelenska Foundation implements project to provide teachers with laptops for distance learning 17 June 2023 - 16:27 Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska Foundation implements project to provide teachers with laptops for distance learning 17 June 2023 - 16:27 First Lady Olena Zelenska held an online meeting with Hanna Novikova from Kryvy Rih Gymnasium. She is one of over 38,000 Ukrainian teachers who received a laptop from the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Ms. Hanna teaches fifth graders of Kryvy Rih gymnasium computer science and an interdisciplinary STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) course. This course requires a lot of practice. It is hard to do this remotely, but the teacher selects such videos that can be viewed on any device because learning in the gymnasium is online. Since 2022, the Olena Zelenska Foundation has been working in the field of education to improve the conditions of distance learning. The focus of the activity, in particular, is on helping teachers and students who were forced to switch to online classes due to the full-scale war. Today, schools in Ukraine have mainly mixed or distance learning. Together with HP and Microsoft, partners of the Digital Equity for Ukraine project of the Global Business Coalition for Education (GBC-Education), in cooperation with the Ukraine House Foundation, the Embassy of Ukraine in the United States and the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine, in 2022-2023 the Foundation provided laptops with software for 38,856 Ukrainian teachers from 12 regions. Thanks to the support of the Embassy of Ukraine in South Korea, it was also possible to provide 500 schoolchildren with laptops. In addition, 2,500 laptops are expected to arrive in cooperation with the UAE government. Zelenska held a zoom meeting with Novikova, the teacher of one of the Kryvy Rih schools, who received a laptop within the framework of the Foundation's program. "Amid constant Russian shelling of the city, the teacher gives her students the best, highest quality knowledge that will definitely be needed after the victory. But they are saving right now – because children learn to think, make decisions and just have fun despite the war. I'm glad she will now be able to give her exciting lessons with the help of high-quality equipment. And they would be transformed into the dreams and plans of many, many children," Zelenska said. Currently, teachers in Ukraine need 81,309 laptops. First, teachers in the East and South (Kharkiv, Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson, Mykolaiv, Odesa, part of Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhia regions) need equipment. The students' need for devices is 526,839 units. In general, the situation of providing children with gadgets is critical. In most regions, the need is satisfied by 0-15%. The Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine emphasizes the importance of involving partners, international and donor organizations in providing teachers with the necessary devices. Deputy Minister of Education and Science of Ukraine for European Integration Yevhen Kudriavets said: "For teachers, it's not just a gadget – it's about the opportunity to teach and about the access to education for their students. Our team will continue work to restore the educational process. Access to education is a basic right of children, for which we are currently fighting amid challenges of war." v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine