15 captures 08 Jul 2019 - 14 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220625223749/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-zakarpatti-prezident-poobicyav-nespokijni-chasi-kontraban-56237 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:57 View all videos n latest news No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:45 First Lady Olena Zelenska told the French media about Ukraine's resistance to Russian aggression 25 June 2022 - 16:48 Ukraine became a candidate for EU membership, Georgia is on this path – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the "Home, to Europe" rally in Tbilisi 25 June 2022 - 00:25 Ukraine has gained the status of a candidate for the EU membership - it did not fall from the sky, so let’s be proud of it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 June 2022 - 23:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Luxembourg in Kyiv 21 June 2022 - 16:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President promised turbulent times for smugglers and those who “cover” them in Zakarpattia region 6 July 2019 - 17:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced newly appointed Zakarpattia RSA Head Ihor Bondarenko in Uzhhorod on July 6. The presentation took place in the premises of Zakarpattia customs office. The Head of State stressed that his team was determined to combat smuggling. "Do not worry, we will support you. I believe it is people involved in smuggling and those "covering" them who should be worried. This is the main "hello" to you from Kyiv. That is why we came in such a delegation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. It should be noted that Acting Head of the Security Service of Ukraine Ivan Bakanov, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Bohdan, his deputies Oleksiy Goncharuk and Ruslan Riaboshapka, new Head of the State Customs Service of Ukraine Maksym Nefiodov and Acting Head of the State Fiscal Service Oleksandr Vlasov also visited the region. The President emphasized: his team wants to explain that from now on there is no need to bring anything “to the top”. The Head of State urged the attendees to cooperate with Ihor Bondarenko and added that the leadership of Zakarpattia customs office, border service and prosecution must be purified. He also called on the heads of the customs offices in Volyn, Zakarpattia, Chernivtsi and Lviv regions to resign in two days. Otherwise, they will be dismissed in a different way. “The country will be different. My advice to you: start working as normal people. Do not complain about low salaries. Simply become professionals and work,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President also informed that he would sign a decree on the fight against smuggling on Monday. In turn, Oleksiy Goncharuk, who is responsible for economic issues, emphasized during the meeting on the improvement of the customs and road infrastructure on the border that Ukraine had turned into a “global hub” for the smuggling of cigarettes to Europe. The smuggling of branded goods is also thriving despite the reports of the customs officials and border guards about the increase in their efficiency. “Will European colleagues respect us after that? Can we count on a normal conversation? It is a rhetorical question," Oleksandr Goncharuk noted. He also emphasized that the fight against smuggling would help Ukraine repay debts to foreign creditors. It should be noted that before the meeting Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the international automobile border crossing point "Uzhhorod" and underscored the inadmissibility of delaying the launch of the scanning complex, which would ensure the transparent work of the customs office, the clearance of goods and the fight against smuggling. ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 5 July 2019 - 16:41 ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 5 July 2019 - 16:41 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine