58 captures 25 Jan 2023 - 08 Feb 2026 Dec JAN Feb 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230125224946/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-sformuvati-takij-tankovij-kulak-svobodi-pislya-udariv-80621 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:41 View all videos n latest news We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 President of Ukraine met with UN High Commissioner for Refugees 25 January 2023 - 20:03 Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 25 January 2023 - 16:14 We need a strong state, and Ukraine will be just that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 January 2023 - 23:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today is a day of extremely good news for Ukraine. There is a tank coalition. There is a decision to launch the supply of tanks for our defense. Modern tanks. I started this day with a conversation with Chancellor Scholz, primarily about Leopards for Ukraine. And this is exactly the kind of conversation we expected. I thank Mr. Chancellor, all German politicians and public figures for their willingness to strengthen the defense of Europe! There is a very powerful step by the United States - this is how the day begins in America. Ukraine will receive Abrams, thank you for this decision. I personally thank Mr. President Biden, I thank the Congress, I thank every American family for the tangible strength of American global leadership! I am grateful to all our allies for their willingness to provide us with modern and much-needed tanks. All this proves the most important fact for the world today - the fact that freedom is only getting stronger. And the way we are all working together to strengthen freedom, to defend Ukraine and Europe, is a historic achievement of the leaders who are working now. The key thing now is speed and volume. The speed of training of our military, the speed of supplying tanks to Ukraine. The volume of tank support. We must form a tank fist, a fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again. We can do it. Together and only in the same way as we are making decisions today. Important decisions. It is very important that there is progress in other aspects of our defense cooperation as well. Today I spoke with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. We have to unlock the supply of long-range missiles to Ukraine, it is important for us to expand our cooperation in artillery, we have to achieve the supply of aircraft to Ukraine. And this is a dream. And this is a task. An important task for all of us. The more defense support our heroes at the front receive from the world, the sooner Russia's aggression will end and the more reliable the security guarantees for Ukraine and all our partners will be after the war. The terrorist state must lose. The right to life must be protected. And it will be so. There are two more important decisions today. The first is from the ECHR. The second is from UNESCO. The European Court of Human Rights has announced its decision on the admissibility of the case concerning Russia's seizure of the territories of the east of Ukraine in 2014 and the occupiers' large-scale violation of human rights. This is still an interim legal decision. But thanks to this decision, we have become closer to the day when Russia will be held accountable for its aggression, and on the same scale from a legal point of view as Russia has invested in this evil. UNESCO has inscribed the historic center of Odesa on the World Heritage List. Moreover, on the List of World Heritage in Danger. Danger because of the war unleashed by Russia. This international step will help us defend our Odesa. Ukraine and the world give protection. Russia can give nothing but terror and strikes. These are facts. Today I had a meeting with the UN High Commissioner for Refugees. The conversation was primarily about our people who were forcibly deported to Russia by the occupiers. These are both adults and our children. The world needs a global mechanism of influence in such situations. We need a mechanism to protect and return such people, to bring to justice all those responsible for deportation. I am confident that the UN institutions can show their leadership in resolving this issue. Today I would like to praise our units that continue to hold back the occupier's attacks in the Donetsk region. This is where Russia is constantly trying to break our defense. Dozens of enemy attacks every day. And at least hundreds of examples of heroism of our warriors every day. I thank the warriors of the 110th separate mechanized brigade, 79th separate air assault brigade, 35th separate marine brigade and 55th separate artillery brigade. Thank you, warriors, for your resilience and courage, which inspire the world to provide more and more assistance to Ukraine! And one more thing. I would like to express gratitude for the very touching words of support and congratulations that I have heard and seen from so many different people. From the military. From the leaders and ordinary people. From all Ukrainians and foreigners. From colleagues now and colleagues before. Thank you all! I think we have the same wish, in fact. A common wish. This is victory. We will do it. We are doing everything for the sake of Ukraine's victory. And it will happen. I know it will. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine