14 captures 08 Mar 2022 - 16 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220308104009/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/irina-vereshuk-zaklikayemo-rosijsku-storonu-dotrimuvatisya-p-73421 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every day of resistance creates better conditions for Ukraine in the negotiations to guarantee our future in peace - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 23:48 View all videos n latest news Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Every day of resistance creates better conditions for Ukraine in the negotiations to guarantee our future in peace - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 23:42 Ukrainian and Russian delegations clarified details of functioning of humanitarian corridors - Mykhailo Podoliak 7 March 2022 - 20:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk informed that the functioning of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy affected by the shelling of the Russian troops had been agreed on as of today. “This fact was officially approved by the Russian Ministry of Defense in a letter to the International Committee of the Red Cross. Hence, both the Red Cross and we, as the party with which the opening of the humanitarian corridor was agreed, have documental approval,” she said. Iryna Vereshchuk noted that one route for the humanitarian corridor for evacuation of people was established: Sumy, Holubivka, Lokhvytsia, Lubny, Poltava. No other routes were agreed. However, according to the Deputy Prime Minister, the Ukrainian party has information that the Russian side is planning manipulations with the route, not agreed upon and dangerous, to force people to go the other way. “We call on the Russian side not to resort to manipulative actions and to fulfill the promise, which is documented,” Iryna Vereshchuk emphasized. Under this route, the evacuation of civilians from the city of Sumy to the city of Poltava is planned, including foreign students - citizens of the Republic of India and the People's Republic of China. It is also a question of delivery of the corresponding humanitarian cargoes by the humanitarian corridor to the city of Sumy. In particular, food and essential medicines. The convoy of humanitarian goods will move to the city of Sumy along the route: Lokhvytsia, Andriyashivka, Romny, Nedryhailiv, Sumy. “The Ukrainian side is ready to fully ensure all the way along the agreed route. We informed both the Red Cross and the Russian side of our readiness. It was agreed to start the silence regime on the route at 9 am Kyiv time. We announce the beginning of the silence regime. The time frame of the humanitarian corridor is from 9 am to 9 pm,” Iryna Vereshchuk said. It was agreed that at 10 am the first column should start moving from the city of Sumy. Civilians will also follow the convoy in their own vehicles. Iryna Vereshchuk emphasized: all obstacles to the movement of the relevant convoys must be removed along the entire route - both for people leaving the city of Sumy and for humanitarian goods delivered to the city of Sumy. “A real ceasefire along the route of the humanitarian corridor will be the basis for informing the public about the possibility of evacuation,” she said. According to her, the Ukrainian party has also sent to the Russian side and the Red Cross the developed routes for humanitarian corridors: Volnovakha - Zaporizhzhia, Mariupol - Zaporizhzhia, Kyiv and Kyiv region in the direction of Western Ukraine, as well as Kharkiv and Kharkiv region in the direction of Western Ukraine. “We call on Russia to agree on these routes without delay, to inform the International Committee of the Red Cross and to ensure a stable ceasefire on these routes,” Iryna Vereshchuk noted. She also appealed to the citizens not to trust unofficial media sources and reports from the Russian Defense Ministry. “Trust the Ukrainian authorities. Listen, read the official media. Everything will be Ukraine!” the Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine