7 captures 17 Apr 2023 - 23 Jun 2025 Mar APR May 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230417094606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-znati-svoyu-silu-shanuvati-svij-potencial-i-vsih-hto-82253 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 View all videos n latest news Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:08 Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 Olena Zelenska attends opening of new Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center in Lviv 14 April 2023 - 21:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must be aware of our strength, respect our potential and all those who provide it - President at the first celebration of the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:04 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy initiated the Day of the Defense and Industrial Complex Employee in Ukraine, which will be celebrated every year on April 13, and presented state awards to representatives of the domestic defense industry. The Head of State signed a decree establishing April 13 as the professional day of defense and industrial complex employees to mark the importance of the defense-industrial complex for ensuring national security and protecting state sovereignty, the significant contribution of defense-industrial complex employees to strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities. As Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized, it was on this day a year ago that the flagship of the Black Sea fleet of the Russian Federation, the missile cruiser Moskva, was hit and sunk by Ukrainian-made Neptune anti-ship cruise missiles. "Today is a significant day for us, when we remember a historic event for our state, when we honor everyone who provides the very possibility of such historic events for our independence, for our Ukraine, for all our Ukrainian people," the President said. According to the Head of State, the Ukrainian-made missile helped restore order in the Ukrainian waters of the Black Sea. This was the first use of Neptune in combat conditions, and it became historic. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that there are many successful examples of the use of domestic weapons, equipment and shells - everything that is produced in Ukraine or jointly with our state. "We must be aware of our strength, respect our potential and all those who provide it every day," the President emphasized. He noted that it is an honor to congratulate today all those who work in the Ukrainian defense industry, modernize, repair, design and build the Ukrainian strength. "The fact that Ukraine has endured, that it can fight and liberate its land thanks to our Armed Forces and thanks to your great work, is a ray for our victorious future. I strongly believe in this, and we all strongly believe. We all live, fight and work for this. To a large extent, all this is based on our confidence in your skills and talents, intelligence and strategic thinking of everyone who works effectively in the Ukrainian defense industry and is able to develop it. And also - on the true heroism of those who, despite all the threats, repair our equipment every day - repair not only in the rear, repair wherever it is needed, in very dangerous places on the frontline, who protect and develop our production and give Ukraine weapons," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State emphasized that our country should develop and increase the production of domestic weapons, missiles, shells, equipment, engines, etc. According to him, the Ukrainian state has already started producing artillery, guns, shells, and is developing new technologies in the sphere of UAV and naval drone production. "The Ukrainian defense-industrial complex can become and, I am sure, will become one of the key branches of our economy, as it should have been since gaining our independence. We will see a corresponding increase in the volume of state orders," the President said. The Head of State called the achievement of Ukraine's ability to defend itself and, after defeating the enemy, to export weapons an ambitious goal. "For sure, after our victory, we will help others. This is our ambitious goal. But we have already proven during this war that we can achieve any ambitious goal. Ukraine will always cooperate in matters of defense with the most powerful states and companies in the world. And we will do everything to ensure that the world's interest in cooperation with Ukraine in the defense industry is always at an appropriate, high level," he emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated: the potential of a strong state is based on people capable of building missiles, equipment, ammunition production lines that can make defense technological, analyze the development of military science and global competition of defense-industrial complexes. The attendees honored the memory of all heroes, people who died working for Ukraine and ensuring its defense, with a moment of silence. The President presented high state awards to employees of the defense industry. In particular, the following were awarded: the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky of the III degree, the Orders "For Merit" of the II and III degrees, the Orders of Danylo Halytsky and the Order of Princess Olga of the III degree, medals "For Work and Achievement". In addition, a meeting was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy with the heads of central executive bodies and enterprises of the defense-industrial complex, at which the strategy for the development of the domestic defense industry was discussed. Oleh Korosteliov, Director General of State Enterprise CB "Luch" thanked the President for the fact that Ukraine's defense industry was raised to a high level. “You did it not during a full-scale war, but much earlier. Thanks to you and your decree, the Neptune complex was put into service. At the same time, you insisted - I remember that meeting - on the financing of this complex and repeatedly emphasized this," he said, addressing the Head of State. v Videos ph Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 ph Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine