1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221546/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 September 2023 - 18:17 The Head of State acknowledged France's comprehensive assistance to Ukraine. He highly appreciated President Emmanuel Macron's personal role in supporting international initiatives of our state and decisions to strengthen Ukrainian defense forces. It is only a matter of time before Ukraine becomes a de jure member of NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 14:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. President meets with Secretary of State for Defenсe of the United Kingdom 28 September 2023 - 08:20 The interlocutors discussed the issue of bolstering Ukraine's air defence, which is particularly important in the run-up to the winter season. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to actor Mark Strong, who became a United24 ambassador 27 September 2023 - 22:29 For his part, Mark Strong noted that he was honored to become the voice of Ukrainian children in the world to help them have a better future. President received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of Estonia, Slovenia, Hungary and the EU 27 September 2023 - 21:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received letters of credence from the newly appointed Ambassador of the Estonian Republic to Ukraine Annely Kolk, Ambassador of the Republic of Slovenia to Ukraine Mateja Prevolšek, Ambassador of Hungary to Ukraine Antal Heizer and EU Ambassador to Ukraine Katarina Mathernova. President of Ukraine received letters of credence from the newly appointed ambassadors of France, Great Britain and Canada 27 September 2023 - 21:12 The ceremony traditionally took place on the territory of the National Conservation Area “St. Sophia of Kyiv”. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the National Council of Austria 26 September 2023 - 17:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the readiness of the Austrian side to join the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. He informed about the next steps in the practical implementation of the Peace Formula, including the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. Returning to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored Polish volunteers with state awards 23 September 2023 - 18:51 Returning from a working visit to Canada and while in Lublin, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Polish citizens: a journalist and a volunteer medic. President of Ukraine had a meeting with President of the Transitional Sovereign Council of Sudan 23 September 2023 - 16:03 The interlocutors discussed common security challenges, in particular the activities of illegal armed groups financed by Russia. Unity helps us all become stronger, reinforce freedom and move towards victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the Canadian community 23 September 2023 - 13:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska, together with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau, met with Canadian parliamentarians, representatives of political, business and expert circles, academia and the Ukrainian community. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine