7 captures 13 Aug 2022 - 08 Aug 2025 Jul AUG Sep 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220813034701/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/inicijovana-prezidentom-platforma-united24-za-tri-misyaci-zi-76901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Only the complete withdrawal of Russians from the Zaporizhzhia NPP guarantees the restoration of nuclear safety for the whole of Europe - address by the President of Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Head of state discusses bringing closer victory, development of Ukraine with active youth 12 August 2022 - 19:49 Ihor Zhovkva congratulated the Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia on the start of negotiations on the country's accession to the EU 12 August 2022 - 17:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska took part in the ceremony of honoring the participants of the "Children-rescuers - war heroes" event 12 August 2022 - 16:22 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny held a phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 12 August 2022 - 08:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events UNITED24 platform initiated by President raises over UAH 6 bln in three months 5 August 2022 - 20:37 People from 110 countries of the world joined the fundraising platform UNITED24, initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in three months of its operation and the total amount of charitable contributions exceeded UAH 6 billion. The American actor, multiple-time Golden Globe nominee Liev Schreiber, one of the world's most famous musical groups, Imagine Dragons, and the artistic director of the legendary Balenciaga Fashion House, Demna joined the UNITED24 platform as ambassadors in July. Thanks to the operation of the platform, professional military drones were sent to the frontline – the first purchases within the framework of the Army of Drones project. A total of 78 Matrice multi-copter drones, 20 Fly Eye 3.0 drones and two Warmate complexes with 40 kamikaze drones were purchased. In addition, with the funds raised through UNITED24, the MI-2AM-1 helicopter was purchased for the first time, which is mainly used to evacuate the wounded from the battlefield. It is capable of transporting two severely wounded and three doctors or cargo weighing up to 1,200 kg up covering distances of up to 600 km and reaching speeds of up to 200 km/h. The fundraising by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska at the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen will allow buying more than 50 vehicles. A total of 24 top-class ambulances have already been purchased and are on their way to Ukraine. The President of Ukraine thanked everyone who joins the UNITED24 platform. "Don't stop supporting Ukraine. Every contribution is important to us," Zelenskyy said. During the third month of the platform's operation, the Ministry of Health purchased 12 C-arm X-ray machines, 9 X-ray transparent operating tables and 83 anesthesia machine breathing systems. Ukrainian doctors will also receive artificial lung ventilation systems for children's hospitals. Funds for them were raised within the charity matches of world No. 1 tennis player from Poland Iga Świątek: $191,000 from the sale of tickets, and another $100,000 were donated by the Johnson family from the New York Jets Foundation. For this purpose, the heirs of the pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson Brick and Jack Johnson personally visited Krakow. Qatar Fund For Development also made a contribution to help Ukrainian doctors: $5 million were used for the purchase of ambulance vehicles and anesthesia machine breathing systems for surgical interventions in medical institutions. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine