5 captures 11 Dec 2024 - 15 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241211080211/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chlenstvo-v-yes-i-vikoristannya-zamorozhenih-rosijskih-aktiv-94933 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Air Defense Systems Should Save Lives, Not Collect Dust in Storage Bases – Address by the President 10 December 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news EU Membership and the Use of Frozen Russian Assets for Defense and Air Defense Needs: the President Met with the Delegation from the European Parliament 10 December 2024 - 21:30 Air Defense Systems Should Save Lives, Not Collect Dust in Storage Bases – Address by the President 10 December 2024 - 20:16 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Awarded Scientists with the Borys Paton National Prize of Ukraine 10 December 2024 - 19:26 Ukraine Presented the Results of Implementation of the Biarritz Partnership Commitments 10 December 2024 - 19:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State Awarded Scientists with the Borys Paton National Prize of Ukraine 10 December 2024 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events EU Membership and the Use of Frozen Russian Assets for Defense and Air Defense Needs: the President Met with the Delegation from the European Parliament 10 December 2024 - 21:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation from the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats political group of the European Parliament led by its President Iratxe García Pérez. The Head of State thanked the European Parliament and the European Council for the financial and political support provided to Ukraine since the very beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. “Yesterday's allocation of 4.1 billion euros to Ukraine for this year under the Ukraine Facility program is very important for us. We are also looking forward to the 18-billion-euro macro-financial loan for Ukraine. These decisions are very important for us. All political decisions supported by the majority of the European Parliament during these almost three years have been very important for us,” the President said. During the meeting, the parties discussed military support and strengthening of air defense to protect people and critical infrastructure in Ukraine from Russian attacks. The use of frozen Russian assets for defense needs and strengthening air defense was one of the key topics of the talks. After all, this directly contributes to bringing Ukraine and the world closer to a just peace. Special attention was paid to Ukraine's progress towards EU membership. “Our goal is to move closer to the EU as soon as possible. We are committed to actively adopting the necessary laws and implementing reforms,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Iratxe García Pérez emphasized the importance of continued military, financial and humanitarian support for Ukraine. “We know how important this is for all of us. You are defending your country and our common values, freedom. We know how important it is to continue working in this direction,” she said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine