50 captures 13 Sep 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240310132517/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ta-anders-fog-rasmussen-prezentuyut-rekomendac-77729 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos At a time of Russian aggression, everyone sees how important it is to maintain alliances, to strengthen our own security and to take care of the security of neighbors – address by the President of Ukraine 7 March 2024 - 20:02 View all videos n latest news In times of war, culture holds even greater significance than in times of peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Taras Shevchenko National Prize ceremony 9 March 2024 - 15:41 The President and the First Lady took part in the 2024 Taras Shevchenko National Prize ceremony 9 March 2024 - 15:36 Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit with the advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 9 March 2024 - 11:38 The President of Ukraine met with representatives of defense companies in Istanbul 9 March 2024 - 01:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President hands over apartment certificates to the Heroes of Ukraine and the families of the fallen warriors 7 March 2024 - 14:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen jointly present recommendations on security guarantees of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 13:16 Today in Kyiv, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and the 12th Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen present the recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine, developed pursuant to the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. An expert group working on the development of the recommendations included specialists from all over the democratic world, in particular former prime ministers, ministers, as well as high-ranking officials and scientists. The recommendations contain a call for the creation of the Kyiv Security Treaty – a joint document on strategic partnership that unites Ukraine and the guarantor states. The recommendations provide for a multi-level approach to guarantees. A core group of allies would make clear commitments to support Ukraine's armed forces, while a broader group would provide non-military guarantees built around sanctions mechanisms. "Today we are presenting the result of the work unprecedented in modern history, just as the act of full-scale aggression by a nuclear power and a member of the UN Security Council against a sovereign European state is unprecedented. With the help of allies, Ukraine is successfully resisting this onslaught. However, it should be noted that decisions often had to be made ad hoc, and the development of mechanisms for this assistance required a lot of time, which is always lacking in war and which is bought with pain, blood and lives," said Andriy Yermak, speaking at the presentation of recommendations. The Head of the President's Office stressed that the Ukrainians foiled the aggressor's plans and defended their country, and the occupied lands will certainly be returned. At the same time, it is necessary to ensure that Ukraine is fully secured in the future. "We must make sure that the slogan “We can repeat” causes panic attacks and bad memories among Russians, that they answer only "Never again!" to it. For this, we need a military power strong enough to discourage the Russians' desire for revenge. And capable of causing irreparable damage to the aggressor if this desire turns out to be irresistible. Security guarantees are aimed at helping us create such power," Andriy Yermak said. At the same time, he emphasized that the agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine is not a substitute for joining NATO - it is a means of ensuring security until this accession takes place. Former NATO Secretary General and Prime Minister of Denmark Anders Fogh Rasmussen noted that Ukraine's victory in this war is an immediate priority. "Just now Ukrainians are demonstrating on the frontline that, with the necessary resources, they can defeat Russia on the battlefield. Ukrainians demonstrate the will to fight, and the democratic world must continue to provide them with the means to fight. When this war is over, we must ensure that Russia can never invade Ukraine again. The best way to do this is for Ukraine to have a significant military force capable of resisting any future Russian attack," he emphasized. As Anders Fogh Rasmussen noted, building and sustaining such a force would require decades of commitment from Ukraine's allies. "The adoption of these recommendations will send a powerful signal to Vladimir Putin. This would show that our loyalty to Ukraine will not waver, that his war is futile. It would also send a signal to the Ukrainian people that we will loyally support the independence and sovereignty of Ukraine for as long as it takes. Doing it right means laying a new cornerstone of European security. If this is not done, it will mean an aggravation of the crisis on European soil," said the former NATO Secretary General. Key recommendations of the report: – The strongest security guarantee for Ukraine lies in its capacity to defend itself against an aggressor under the UN Charter’s article 51. To do so, Ukraine needs the resources to maintain a significant defensive force capable of withstanding the Russian Federation’s armed forces and paramilitaries. – This requires a multi-decade effort of sustained investment in Ukraine’s defence industrial base, scalable weapons transfers and intelligence support from allies, intensive training missions and joint exercises under the European Union and NATO flags. – The security guarantees should be affirmative and clearly formulated; they lay out a range of commitments made by a group of guarantors, together with Ukraine. They need to be legally and politically binding based on bilateral agreements but brought together under a joint strategic partnership document – called the Kyiv Security Compact. – The package of guarantees includes preventive measures of a military, financial, infrastructural, technical, and information nature to prevent new aggression, as well as measures to be taken immediately in the event of a new encroachment on the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. In addition, the structure of the Kyiv Security Compact includes a full-fledged sanctions package against the aggressor state, and may also include additional components, such as agreements on providing Ukraine with modern air defense/anti-missile systems, regional agreements on security in the Black Sea, and others. – The Compact will bring a core group of allied countries together with Ukraine. This could include the US, UK, Canada, Poland, Italy, Germany, France, Australia, Turkey, and Nordic, Baltic, and Central European countries. –The security guarantees are not a replacement for Ukraine’s ambition to join NATO. This aspiration is safeguarded in the Ukrainian constitution and is a sovereign decision for Ukraine. Ukraine is also on the path to EU membership. As an EU member, Ukraine will benefit from the EU’s own mutual defence clause. Both NATO and EU membership will bolster Ukraine’s security in the long-term. The guarantees outlined today in no way undermine these aims but will ensure that Ukraine has what it needs to defend itself under any circumstance. The full set of recommendations are available here. International security guarantees for Ukraine: Recommendations - pdf - 393.49 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine