3 captures 30 Jul 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230730013859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zasidannya-prezidiyi-kongresu-miscevih-84585 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Special Operations Forces mean heroism, about which impossible to tell details, they inflict particularly tangible blows on Russian terrorists – address of President of Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 16:04 View all videos n latest news Special Operations Forces mean heroism, about which impossible to tell details, they inflict particularly tangible blows on Russian terrorists – address of President of Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 15:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visits informational and psychological operations units and Resistance Movement of SOF in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 15:50 Head of State takes part in solemn events on Day of Special Operations Forces of Ukrainian Armed Forces in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 14:31 President visits Special Operations Forces' positions near Bakhmut, presents state awards on Special Operations Forces Day 29 July 2023 - 13:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A working visit of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 13:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak holds meeting of Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President of Ukraine devoted to preparations for next Congress session 29 July 2023 - 09:49 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine, at which preparations for the next meeting of the Congress were discussed and its agenda was approved. "Topics of the agenda of the next meeting of the Congress are proposed. The first: the heating season of 2023-2024, namely, the operation of the life support systems of our communities and critical energy infrastructure facilities in the autumn-winter period," Yermak said. He said that the coming winter may be more difficult than the previous one, because the challenges – both security and infrastructural – persist. "Energy generation must be stable, critical infrastructure facilities must be protected from being damaged from the sky, centralized heat, electricity, water and gas supply must be provided for all citizens. Therefore, it is important for us to compare notes of the central and local authorities and coordinate efforts to ensure a stable passage of the cold season," the head of the Office of the President said. The second item on the agenda of the upcoming meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine will concern the international policy of our state. "In particular, it is progress in implementing the recommendations of the European Commission for the start of negotiations on joining the EU, international security guarantees for Ukraine and the role of local self-government in promoting the narrative of Ukrainian victory in the world," Yermak said. According to him, all members of the Congress should understand the importance of shaping a unified Ukrainian position in communication with the outside world. "The more unity we demonstrate to the outside, the more integral we will be perceived abroad, the more extensive and decisive the support for Ukraine in the world will be," the head of the President's Office said. He said that at the Congress meeting, all its members will be informed about Ukraine's current steps at the international level and on the way to European and Euro-Atlantic integration. Separate attention will be paid to the results of the Vilnius NATO Summit and the beginning of the active work of the Ukraine-NATO Council. The third item on the agenda of the next meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities is implementation of state and local budgets. "The public discussion that has developed recently requires attention to this issue at the highest level. We must clearly outline priorities and establish a position on the reasonable, effective and motivated use of budget funds in response to the challenges of the martial law. Our Congress has already proven that it is an effective platform for frank, open communication between representatives of the central and local authorities," Yermak said. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha said that representatives of several international organizations, including the Secretary General of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe, US Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Geoffrey Payette, ambassadors of the G7 states and others will also join the next meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President. The agenda of the next meeting of the Congress, which should take place in the near future, was approved by the decision of the presidium members of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. Presidium members also heard information about the implementation of the decisions of the previous meeting of the Congress, which took place in Lviv at the beginning of March. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba said that a wide range of issues were discussed and several tasks aimed at strengthening the resilience of our state were defined. In particular, it was about supporting communities and ensuring the ability of local authorities to perform their functions. "Eleven key tasks were identified, and almost all of them have been completed. There are three tasks at work," Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said. "There are many problems and challenges, and I am convinced that at the next session of the Congress, a whole layer of problems that local authorities have today will be raised – we will overcome them together," the head of government added. At the end, Yermak spoke in favor of strengthening the work of the office of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President, so that Ukrainian citizens could receive daily information about the activities of the Congress. "Of course, we have a war today, there are security issues, but still, as far as possible, the central and local authorities should become close and understandable to people. Because everything we do, we do for the people and for the sake of the country," the head of the President's Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine