6 captures 23 Mar 2021 - 10 Aug 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061455/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-yebrr-67281 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the President of the EBRD 22 March 2021 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Odile Renaud-Basso. The meeting was also attended by Minister of Finance Serhiy Marchenko, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Yulia Svyrydenko, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Tymofiy Mylovanov, Head of the State Agency of Automobile Roads of Ukraine Oleksandr Kubrakov. "Ukraine and the EBRD have good relations and many important projects in which Ukraine invests its soul, and the EBRD - faith and money. We consider you one of the strategic financial partners. These relations are very important for us," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine and the President of the EBRD discussed the development of infrastructure in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about important laws that will help attract investors to the implementation of infrastructure projects. In particular, these are the laws on concession and large-scale privatization. He stressed that privatization is one of the priorities today and invited the EBRD to join this direction. In addition, Ukraine plans to develop public-private partnership in the road sector. The EBRD continues to invest in the reconstruction and construction of Ukrainian roads. The bank provided a loan to the State Agency of Automobile Roads for the development of road infrastructure. "It is very important to support infrastructure projects in Ukraine, because quality roads, bridges and social infrastructure are important for every Ukrainian. Thanks to infrastructure projects, we have created 190,000 jobs at a time when many people have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic,” the President said. In addition, they discussed the development of the agricultural sector of Ukraine. "It is advisable to invest in agriculture. Ukraine needs a lot of investment in modernizing its irrigation infrastructure. Its reconstruction will be a powerful step in the development of agriculture and Ukraine as a player in the international agricultural market," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President noted that the architecture of anticorruption bodies has already been restored in Ukraine, and the Verkhovna Rada passed in the first reading bills on the resumption of the work of the High Qualification Commission of Judges of and the High Council of Justice. The President also stressed that the reform of law enforcement agencies is underway, and today he signed a law on the establishment of the Bureau of Economic Security. The newly established bureau will take over the functions of overseeing economic crimes in the law enforcement system, which will contribute to business development and improve the investment climate in Ukraine. "Judicial reform is one of the most difficult challenges, but within three years we will complete it and create a transparent, efficient judicial system in Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. In addition, energy sector reform was discussed. The President said that the state has regained control over PJSC Centrenergo, which is one of the largest enterprises in the energy sector of Ukraine. The Head of State stressed that the Minister of Energy should be an independent figure and work on the implementation of reforms in the industry. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Ukraine is interested in creating market conditions in all sectors of the economy. The parties also touched upon the implementation of energy efficiency programs, in particular the introduction of energy-saving technologies in housing. The President noted that Ukraine is interested in attracting investors to conduct transparent privatization. In addition, the parties discussed the continuation of the reform of the financial and banking sectors of Ukraine. The President of the EBRD praised the reforms being implemented in various sectors of the Ukrainian economy. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine