10 captures 12 Nov 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231112005604/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashi-sili-oboroni-j-bezpeki-dadut-vidpovid-rosijskij-armiyi-86961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our defense and security forces will respond to the Russian army's strikes on Kherson and the villages of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2023 - 20:45 View all videos n latest news Our defense and security forces will respond to the Russian army's strikes on Kherson and the villages of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2023 - 20:44 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulates Poland on Independence Day during a video conference with Andrzej Duda 11 November 2023 - 15:16 Ukraine always returns – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address on the occasion of the first anniversary of the liberation of Kherson from Russian occupation 11 November 2023 - 11:48 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 11 November 2023 - 09:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our defense and security forces will respond to the Russian army's strikes on Kherson and the villages of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 11 November 2023 - 20:44 Dear Ukrainians! Before the end of this day, a few important things should be said. First – about our Kherson. Today marks the anniversary of the liberation of the city, and I am grateful to everyone who remembers how the people of Kherson resisted the occupiers, awaited the return of the Ukrainian flag, and welcomed our soldiers. I thank everyone who today honored the memory of those who gave their lives for Kherson and for our entire state to be free. It is crucial to remember who and how fought for Ukraine, who and how saved lives and our country. I thank all journalists who remind us of this, and every person who preserves the memory of the liberation of Kherson and the bravery of its residents. On the eve, I signed a decree on state awards for soldiers and civilians who distinguished themselves there – in the defense of Kherson. Those who fought for the state. Those who assisted in resistance. Those who saved and continue to save lives. And those who are as courageous as the world now knows the courage of Ukrainians. Alongside our soldiers, the decree also honors local government officials. These are people who did not abandon their communities, helped defend against occupiers, assisted in resistance. They treated and continue to treat, organized assistance for those who could not take care of themselves, saved children from deportation, and rescued people from Russian terror. They are saving lives even now, under constant bombings and in the face of ongoing attacks. I thank all of you for your courage and dedication to your work and Ukraine. Thanks to each and every one who stays and works right there – in the communities along the front line. Of course, our security and defense forces will respond to the Russian army's strikes on Kherson and the villages of Kherson region, just as it always happens. This week has shown that in the Black Sea, in the territory of Crimea, and anywhere else, we will reach the occupier. Glory to all our guys who are bringing justice back to Ukraine in this way! Secondly, there's something important to say today. I spoke today with President Duda of Poland. A good conversation. I congratulated Andrzej and all Poles on the Independence Day of Poland. This day is as important for Poland as it is for us, Ukrainians. The history of our nations is intertwined, and in this, it reflects the restoration of independence in our states and how we now take care to protect it. Ukraine and Poland must stand together so that our people are always free. I thank Andrzej for his kind words today about Ukraine and Ukrainians. Thank you for the extremely valuable support that Poland provides to our state and people. And one more thing. We continue the evacuation of Ukrainian citizens from the Gaza sector. This work has been ongoing literally all day. The number of those successfully rescued changes almost every hour. Already 214 of our people. We are also assisting citizens of Moldova. We expect this number to increase. I thank Defense Intelligence, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ukrainian embassies in the region, and all those who are helping us with this work. Today, I also held a meeting with international experts regarding negotiations and meetings that can strengthen Ukraine – both our defense and international attention to Ukraine. Every day we add strength to the state. Glory to our soldiers! Glory to our strong people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine