7 captures 29 Nov 2023 - 13 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231129075013/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=173 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery President takes part in the 2nd Grain from Ukraine summit 25 November 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Joseph Biden 15 June 2022 - 21:55 During the conversation, Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Joseph Biden of the latest developments on the frontline and informed about the priority needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine to effectively counter Russian aggression. The importance of further coordination of the relevant efforts in the framework of the Rammstein format was emphasized. Albania, Montenegro and North Macedonia support Ukraine's course for full membership in the EU - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with the heads of governments of these countries 15 June 2022 - 18:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Albania Edi Rama and Prime Minister of Montenegro Dritan Abazović, who are on a visit to our country. Also during the event, Prime Minister of North Macedonia Dimitar Kovačevski expressed his support for Ukraine in a video address. Address by the President of Ukraine to both houses of the Parliament of the Czech Republic 15 June 2022 - 15:23 The Czech presidency of the European Union will begin in a few weeks. I very much appreciate the key attention paid to Ukraine in the priorities of the Czech presidency. We have to agree on the seventh package of sanctions against Russia for this aggression, for this war. And we also have to substantively move on to the reconstruction of Ukraine - of the entire liberated territory. The Kingdom of Denmark supports the European integration movement of Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 15 June 2022 - 09:19 During a working visit to Denmark, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with senior political leadership and government officials. Even though Russia has fewer and fewer modern missiles, Ukraine's need for anti-missile systems remains - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 June 2022 - 22:29 And this week there will be many different important talks - and not only with European politicians who are able to provide Ukraine with modern anti-missile systems. Ukraine will win if Europe and the world continue to be united - President 14 June 2022 - 17:45 Ukraine's power and ability to resist the Russian army, which is the second largest in the world, depend on the unity of Europe and the world. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online press conference for Danish media. Russia does not protect Russian-speakers, but imposes its narratives by military means, violating all laws and international law - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 June 2022 - 17:28 Russia claims to be protecting the rights of Russian-speaking people in Ukraine, but most of the cities destroyed by the Russian army were inhabited by Russian-speaking residents, and many are now switching to Ukrainian. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online press conference for Danish media. The deoccupation of our territories depends on the supply of weapons to Ukraine, delay threatens stagnation on the front – President 14 June 2022 - 17:15 The speed of deoccupation of the territories of our state depends on the supply of weapons to Ukraine, and any delays in this matter threaten stagnation on the front. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online press conference for Danish media. Tell people in the occupied territories about Ukraine, that the Ukrainian army will definitely come - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 June 2022 - 21:52 We will come to all our cities, to all our villages, which do not yet have our flag on the administrative buildings. Although there are a lot of Ukrainian flags there, in people’s houses, I'm sure of it. And we will see them again - everywhere, when we return. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the American Jewish Committee Global Forum 13 June 2022 - 13:22 Defend the need to enhance sanctions against Russia. You are capable of it. We need powerful weapons for the offensive, without which the war will only drag on and the number of victims will increase. 1 2 ... 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine