1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233342/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=73 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine is creating the world's first naval drone fleet: it will be funded through United24 11 November 2022 - 15:33 United24 fundraising platform initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy launched a fundraising campaign for a fleet of naval drones. Its main task is to protect the water area of Ukrainian seas and peaceful cities from cruise missiles launched by Russian troops from ships. The fleet will also help unblock the corridor for civilian ships transporting grain for the whole world. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 11 November 2022 - 13:43 The reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and the commanders of the operational directions regarding the situation on the frontline were heard. The members of the Staff paid special attention to the events in the southern direction of the front. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 9 November 2022 - 17:24 Members of the Staff listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the task forces about the situation at the front lines, coordinated the actions of the defense forces to repel the armed aggression of the Russian Federation and liberate Ukrainian territories from the invaders. The text of the Joint Appeal of the President of Ukraine, the Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada and the Prime Minister to NATO regarding our country's membership in the Alliance has been published 9 November 2022 - 10:09 “We appeal to make the decision regarding Ukraine's membership in the Alliance, as an integral part of ensuring the security of Ukrainians and citizens of the entire Euro-Atlantic area,” the Appeal reads. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Sean Penn discussed support for Ukraine and visited the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 8 November 2022 - 18:54 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with American actor, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer, Oscar winner Sean Penn, who is coming to Ukraine for the third time during the full-scale invasion of Russia. President met with a member of the US President's Cabinet, United States Ambassador to the United Nations 8 November 2022 - 18:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with member of the US President's Cabinet, United States Ambassador to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who arrived on a visit to our country. President met with American philanthropist Howard Buffett 7 November 2022 - 16:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Howard Buffett about the security situation in our country, in particular in the context of shelling of energy infrastructure facilities by the aggressor country. President of Ukraine met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States 4 November 2022 - 21:07 The parties discussed the issues of further support for Ukraine from the U.S. for the defense and liberation of its territory from the occupiers. Ukrainian railway workers demonstrated courage and strength in the defense of our state - President 4 November 2022 - 15:29 On the occasion of Railway Workers' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with employees of Ukrzaliznytsia JSC and presented state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy created a working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. 3 November 2022 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to create a special Working group to prepare proposals for providing assistance to countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The Head of State signed the corresponding decree on November 3, 2022. 1 2 ... 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine