3 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 20 Apr 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022929/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpeka-pershij-prioritet-zvernennya-prezidenta-ukrayini-za-83769 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Security is the first priority - address by the President of Ukraine following the NSDC meeting 23 June 2023 - 16:45 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I held the NSDC meeting. Three issues on the agenda. Most importantly, Ministers Klymenko and Kamyshin presented the first summary of the inspection of shelters in the regions of our country: Klymenko - across the country, Kamyshin - for Kyiv. In general, today we reviewed the situation with shelters in the regions, districts and cities most intensively terrorized by the enemy. The results are poor. Almost all over the country. This includes Kyiv, Zaporizhzhia, Kharkiv, Dnipro, Konotop, Bila Tserkva, and many other cities. The situation is particularly cynical and shameful in those cities that have significant financial resources but, unfortunately, other priorities. There will be personnel decisions. Accessible and reliable shelters across the country should be and will be a priority for leaders at all levels. Security is the first priority. The Prosecutor General informed the NSDC about the legal action taken by the prosecutor's office to return the premises of the shelters that were illegally withdrawn from the ownership of the communities. To date, more than 400 such lawsuits have been filed across the country, and the work continues. Prime Minister Shmyhal also reported on the difficult situation with bridges and bridge crossings. The largest cities, including Kyiv. The situation is downright dangerous. The National Security and Defense Council has decided to set up a commission to inspect all bridges and overpasses across the country. Deputy Prime Minister Kubrakov is responsible for the inspection. The second point on the agenda is courts. Deputy Prime Minister Stefanishyna informed the NSDC of the European Commission's interim verbal assessment of our institutional progress, particularly with regard to judicial reform. Indeed, a lot has been done. But we consider this only as a necessary basis for our own obligations to Ukrainians in terms of justice. Obviously, the case of the former President of the Supreme Court and other similar situations in the judicial system require a stricter state policy regarding the requirements for judges, for all those who work in the justice system, and their accountability for violations. For corruption violations. The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine appealed to the National Security and Defense Council. Today we considered the appeal. The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Ruslan Stefanchuk, and the Chairman of the Parliamentary Committee on Legal Policy, Mr. Maslov, delivered reports. So, here are the proposals. To increase criminal liability for corruption offenses in the judiciary. And to make it tangible. From 10 to 15 years with confiscation of property. And this should apply to those who extort money, who take money, who maintain this system of corruption at all its levels. Next. There should be integrity checks of judges. And not only before appointment. Time can, unfortunately, change people about whom there was a positive conclusion at the beginning of their work in the courts. And I believe that it is worth checking, including with the use of a polygraph. Very importantly, we need to strengthen the role of the jury and expand the number of cases of its use in Ukraine. This is not only about democracy, it is about ensuring more justice. We also discussed the issue of protecting the rights of business and investors in courts. This is a fundamental task. A strong economy means secured investments and guaranteed protection of property rights. And it should be ensured. If we need a separate mechanism to protect business and investors' rights, we must ensure it. We have relevant proposals. Of course, we discussed the tasks that must be completed by the end of the year in order to fully implement each of the European Commission's recommendations for the start of negotiations on joining the European Union. The National Security and Defense Council gave the necessary protocol instructions in each of these areas. I am confident that all of them can be fulfilled. Today is exactly one year since Ukraine has become a candidate for accession to the European Union, and this year the goal is to start membership negotiations. Ukraine will definitely do its part. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine