6 captures 15 Feb 2021 - 05 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220217161613/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-zustrilasya-z-ministrom-kulturi-ta-molodi-oby-66525 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an urgent phone conversation with the President of the European Council 17 February 2022 - 14:49 President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the Head of State to Donbas 16 February 2022 - 18:32 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska met with the Minister of Culture and Youth of the United Arab Emirates 14 February 2021 - 12:44 As part of the official visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United Arab Emirates, Olena Zelenska met with Minister of Culture and Youth Noura bint Mohammed Al Kaabi. The parties discussed cooperation in the field of culture and ideas for its deepening. Significant intensification of cultural cooperation between the artistic communities of both countries began with the signing of the Agreement on cooperation in the field of culture between the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the Government of the United Arab Emirates in 2017. In particular, Ukrainian art was presented at the largest and most visited festivals in the UAE, namely the Emirate of Sharjah Cultural Heritage Festival and the Sheikh Zayed Heritage Festival. The initiatives to deepen cooperation between the two countries, which were put forward today by the First Lady of Ukraine, are the following: - holding weeks of Ukrainian cinematography in the UAE; - establishment of the Days of Ukrainian Folk Art and Traditional Ukrainian Cuisine with master classes in folk crafts and culinary skills, Easter painting, wreath weaving, shows of national costumes and jewelry, etc; - organization of separate programs of Ukrainian art within the UAE art festivals, in particular with concert programs from national groups. "All these activities can be combined into a separate project. For example, the Days of Friendship between our countries. They can and should be bilateral and held both in Ukraine and in the UAE," Olena Zelenska noted. For her part, Noura bint Mohammed Al Kaabi supported the idea of Friendship Days and noted that it is a strong bridge for cultural cooperation. In addition, the Minister of Culture and Youth of the United Arab Emirates noted the great interest in the Ukrainian experience of holding the Book Arsenal and other large-scale cultural events at the Mystetskyi Arsenal. Olena Zelenska called the introduction of Ukrainian-language audio guides in UAE museums another important project for Ukraine. "Currently, the Ukrainian embassy is actively working to introduce Ukrainian-language audio guides in UAE museums. At the same time, the epidemic situation in the world is making adjustments, but I am sure that after the lifting of quarantine restrictions, our citizens will be able to listen to tours of the Grand Mosque, the Louvre Abu Dhabi and Qasr Al Hosn in Ukrainian," the First Lady said. Expo 2020 is among the forthcoming large-scale events in the UAE, in which Ukraine plans to take part. It will include a number of artistic and cultural events. The domestic pavilion is planned to show the uniqueness and originality of the Ukrainian people and culture through the prism of modern technologies and innovative approaches to life, interaction with the outside world. ph Official visit of the President to the United Arab Emirates 14 February 2021 - 11:53 ph Official visit of the President to the United Arab Emirates 14 February 2021 - 11:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine