5 captures 25 Feb 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 25 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240225070907/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyu-kozhnomu-iz-70-senatoriv-yaki-progolosuvali-za-prodo-88917 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:28 View all videos n latest news Only Ukraine's invitation to NATO will give Europe and the world real chances to return to true security – Andriy Yermak 24 February 2024 - 23:22 The President participated in a video call of G7 leaders initiated by Italy on the occasion of the second anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine 24 February 2024 - 20:48 The President of Ukraine met with Sweden's Minister for Defence 24 February 2024 - 20:09 We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches I thank each of the seventy senators who voted to continue the support of our country – address by the President of Ukraine 13 February 2024 - 15:01 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! We've got positive news from the United States – the Senate has just voted to continue the support of our country and our warriors. This is a decision that we have worked very hard for, a decision that has been awaited not only by us, but by many other nations, particularly in Europe. The world is waiting for American leadership to remain steadfast and help protect lives and preserve freedom. This truly contributes to confidence and motivation. I thank Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and Republican Leader Mitch McConnell for their determination and morally strong choice. Democracy will surely prevail. I thank each of the seventy senators who voted in the affirmative. Ukraine appreciates it very much. This was the first step, next step is the House of Representatives and the vote of congressmen there. We expect a positive decision. We hope for principled support. And we believe that America will continue to be a leader. Thank you to everyone who helps! Thank you to everyone who values life and freedom as much as Ukrainians do! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine