2 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 04 Apr 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013233/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-razom-iz-diplomatami-inozemnih-derzhav-vidvida-84377 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and foreign diplomats visited the Chornobyl NPP to discuss the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula 17 July 2023 - 21:39 Pursuant to the instruction of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with heads and representatives of foreign missions accredited in Ukraine. The meeting took place at the territory of the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant and was devoted to the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, in particular, the implementation of the points related to nuclear and radiation safety. The event was attended by heads of embassies of the G7 countries and the EU Delegation to Ukraine, heads and members of diplomatic missions of Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia, Türkiye, Sweden, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Brazil, India, Spain, the Republic of Korea, Egypt, and the Vatican, as well as the UN Resident Coordinator in Ukraine. Representatives of the embassies of Indonesia, Australia, Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Mexico, and Chile also joined the discussion online. Andriy Yermak noted that this is the third meeting in this format and welcomed the ambassadors and diplomatic representatives who joined this format of consultations for the first time. The Head of the Office of the President noted that Chornobyl NPP was chosen as the venue for this meeting for a reason, so that its participants could see with their own eyes the consequences of non-compliance with nuclear safety. Andriy Yermak reminded that after the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Russian troops seized Chornobyl NPP, where the globally known nuclear disaster occurred in 1986, damaged the plant's equipment and set up their positions in the radiation-contaminated soil. "Their activities here threatened global nuclear safety. That is why we are very concerned about the situation at the Zaporizhzhia NPP, which is still occupied. And today we can only theoretically imagine what the consequences will be if something happens," he said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by Volodymyr Zelenskyy is intended to help resolve global crises and risks that Russia creates for the whole world through its actions. According to him, Ukraine is initiating the joint creation of international mechanisms that can be used in the event of any armed conflict in the world and will be reflected in amendments to international law and UN General Assembly resolutions. "We have to stop this Russian aggression and prevent other potential manifestations of aggression in Ukraine and other places on the planet. We also need to deal with the consequences of the war around the world. We must make the world safer," the Head of the Presidential Office summarized. During their visit to the Chornobyl NPP, foreign diplomats observed the operation of the Interim Spent Fuel Storage Facility (ISF-2). They also observed the new safe confinement complex built to protect the Chornobyl NPP personnel, the public and the environment from the impact of nuclear and radiation hazards. The Chornobyl NPP employees told the heads of foreign diplomatic missions about what happened at the plant during its occupation by Russian troops for 35 days at the beginning of the full-scale war. In particular, the power lines supplying the plant's cooling systems were destroyed, resulting in an increase in the radiation level. The scientific laboratory was also damaged, and the radiation monitoring system was destroyed. The damage caused by the occupiers' actions to the Exclusion Zone is estimated at 100 million euros. During the conversation with the diplomats, Minister of Environmental Protection and Natural Resources of Ukraine Ruslan Strilets noted that in order to restore nuclear safety in the world, Ukraine must have control over all such facilities as the Chornobyl and Zaporizhzhia NPPs. The Minister also said that Russia's aggression against Ukraine has already caused more than $54 billion in environmental damage. At the COP27 Climate Summit in Egypt, the President of Ukraine proposed creating a platform to assess environmental damage from the war, and this work is already underway. The International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former EU Commissioner for the Environment and former Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallström, is working on the issue of compensation for damage and countering Russia's ecocide. For his part, Minister of Energy of Ukraine Herman Halushchenko noted that during the occupation, the staff of the Chornobyl NPP worked for 600 hours without rotation, being in fact prisoners next to armed people. He briefed the diplomats on the current situation and risks associated with the ongoing Russian occupation of the Zaporizhzhia NPP, as well as the consequences of the Kakhovka HPP dam explosion. Officials emphasized that the only way to ensure nuclear safety is to withdraw Russian troops from the Zaporizhzhia NPP and return the plant to Ukrainian control. This is why radiation and nuclear safety, ecocide and immediate environmental protection are important points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, for the implementation of which the whole world must join forces. Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Mykola Tochytskyi emphasized that the Ukrainian Peace Formula and its key elements have already been upheld in a number of international documents, including the UN General Assembly resolution of February 23, 2023. He also informed that a number of elements of the Ukrainian Peace Formula have been taken up by various states that have expressed their willingness to become leaders or participants in the implementation of certain points. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine