7 captures 20 Jan 2023 - 04 Aug 2025 Dec JAN Feb 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230120184549/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-prijnyav-virchi-gramoti-u-posliv-kipru-avstri-80513 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today's Ramstein to strengthen our resilience – address of President of Ukraine 20 January 2023 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news Today's Ramstein to strengthen our resilience – address of President of Ukraine 20 January 2023 - 20:11 President holds meeting with US Senate delegation 20 January 2023 - 19:48 Head of state receives credentials from ambassadors of Cyprus, Austria, Finland and Libya 20 January 2023 - 19:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy has telephone call with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 20 January 2023 - 18:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine receives credentials from ambassadors extraordinary and plenipotentiary of foreign countries 20 January 2023 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of state receives credentials from ambassadors of Cyprus, Austria, Finland and Libya 20 January 2023 - 19:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has received credentials from Ambassador of the Republic of Cyprus Michalis Zacharioglou, Ambassador of the Republic of Austria Arad Benkö, Ambassador of the Republic of Finland Jaakko Lehtovirta, and Ambassador of the State of Libya Osama Ablgasem, who are starting a diplomatic mission in our country. The ceremony of giving the credentials traditionally took place on the territory of the National Sanctuary Complex "Sophia of Kyiv." "Thank you for being with us here in Kyiv at this hard time. Especially now when Ukraine is under regular heavy missile attacks by the terrorist state. We appreciate your solidarity," the Head of State said, addressing the newly appointed ambassadors. Taking the credentials from Ambassador of Cyprus Zacharioglou, Zelenskyy expressed his belief in the further successful development of friendly and mutually beneficial relations with this country. The President noted the humanitarian assistance that the Republic of Cyprus has provided to Ukraine since the beginning of the large-scale Russian invasion, as well as the support of our country from Cyprus on international platforms. The Head of State expressed hope for the continuation of a fruitful dialogue with the President of the Republic of Cyprus, with whom he recently had a telephone talk. Speaking to Ambassador Benkö, Zelenskyy thanked Austria and society of this country for the active humanitarian support of Ukraine and our citizens since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. The head of the Ukrainian state noted the warm attitude of the Austrians towards forced migrants from Ukraine. The President told the interlocutor about the key international initiatives of our state, such as the Peace Formula, Grain from Ukraine and the creation of an International Tribunal for Russia's Crime of Aggression, and called on Austria to actively participate in their practical implementation. Zelenskyy also emphasized the importance of support from the Republic of Austria for Ukraine to achieve the EU candidate status. Congratulating Ambassador of Finland Lehtovirta on the start of his diplomatic mission in Ukraine, the Head of State thanked for the twelfth defense support package approved the day before. "Thank you for the help we received during this time. It's very important for our army, which is fighting for common values," Zelenskyy said. He said that official Helsinki consistently supports Ukraine's initiatives in the international arena and the common future in the European family. According to the President, Finland has made a historic decision to increase security for its citizens by applying for NATO membership. In this regard, the Head of State expressed hope for support of Ukraine's path towards Euro-Atlantic integration. During the conversation with Ambassador of the State of Libya Ablgasem, the President of Ukraine thanked for the kind words addressed to our country, wishes for victory, stability and security for Ukrainians. "We are interested in reaching next level of relations between our states," Zelenskyy said. The President invited the Libyan side to join the implementation of the Peace Formula aimed at restoring international stability, as well as the Grain from Ukraine initiative, which aims to significantly increase the supply of food to the countries of Africa and Asia and alleviate the global food crisis. The Head of State said that Ukraine is interested in expanding the representation of Ukrainian business on the African continent and intends to enhance its diplomatic presence in African countries already this year. ph President of Ukraine receives credentials from ambassadors extraordinary and plenipotentiary of foreign countries 20 January 2023 - 18:06 ph President of Ukraine receives credentials from ambassadors extraordinary and plenipotentiary of foreign countries 20 January 2023 - 18:06 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine