6 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003101443/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=183 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – A regular coordination meeting was held with Ukraine's partners in the coalition of modern fighter jets 4 October 2023 - 16:48 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva, Deputy Minister of Defense Nataliia Kalmykova and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Oleksandr Kozenko held a regular coordination meeting with Ukraine's main partners in the coalition of modern fighter jets via video conference. Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 I had the honor to award the warriors who distinguished themselves – soldiers, sergeants, and officers. Different units, different combat paths, but equally strong Ukrainians! I am proud of all of them! President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 It was noted that as of October 3, almost 90% of the region's inhabitants were provided with electricity (taking into account the actual availability of people). In June-August this year alone, electricity supply was restored to about 6,000 houses. President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 The President listened to the report by commander of "Khortytsia" operational-strategic grouping of troops Oleksandr Syrskyi on the defense of Kharkiv region and offensive actions in Bakhmut and other areas. The supply of weapons, ammunition and reserves to the troops was also addressed. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 The Kupyansk-Lyman direction is one of the hottest on the frontline. The Russian occupiers are constantly trying to conduct offensive actions there. Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi 3 October 2023 - 10:20 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi on the sidelines of the meeting of EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv. It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:29 All the support for Ukraine, every step to help us will surely be repaid with global security to those who support us. When Russian aggression is defeated on our soil, the very idea of aggression will be crushed. President of Ukraine received the Minister of Defense of Estonia 2 October 2023 - 20:42 The Head of State thanked Estonia for its leadership in providing comprehensive, efficient and timely assistance to Ukraine to counter Russian ongoing full-scale aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the Government of Spain 2 October 2023 - 19:42 The parties discussed further defense cooperation between the two countries. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented shoulder boards to Ukrainian military and law enforcement officers 2 October 2023 - 19:35 The Head of State thanked the officers for their service and once again congratulated them on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, which the whole country marked on October 1. The President wished the servicemen and their families good health. 1 2 ... 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine