1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033012/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=129 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Any neutral flag of Russian athletes is stained with blood – address of the President of Ukraine 27 January 2023 - 19:54 Russia must stop aggression and terror, and only after that it will be possible to talk about Russian participation in the context of the Olympic movement. Olympic principles and war are fundamentally opposed to each other. Andriy Yermak has conversation with representative of UK Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office supervising sanctions policy 27 January 2023 - 18:22 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone call with Director General for Economics, Science and Technology at the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office of the United Kingdom Kumar Iyer. President honored the memory of Holocaust victims 27 January 2023 - 13:34 The Head of State put an icon lamp near the Menorah memorial sign on the territory of the Babyn Yar National Historical and Memorial Reserve. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, representatives of the diplomatic corps of European countries, the United States and Canada. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day 27 January 2023 - 10:49 Today we repeat it even more strongly than before: never again to hatred; never again to indifference. The more nations of the world overcome indifference, the less space there will be in the world for hatred. Andriy Yermak discussed support for Ukraine's Peace Formula with the ambassadors of the G7 and the EU 26 January 2023 - 22:27 As part of the regular dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7 countries and the Head of the Delegation of the European Union. President of Ukraine: Russian aggression can and should be stopped only with adequate weapons 26 January 2023 - 22:12 This Russian terror requires asymmetrical responses. We need a new movement of our forces at the front. We need to ensure the defeat of the terrorists' ground forces. Whatever the Russian occupiers are planning, our preparation must be stronger. We talk about it with our partners. And we discuss it at the meetings of the Staff. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 26 January 2023 - 19:11 The participants heard reports from the commanders of the operational directions on the current situation at the front, and discussed the situation in the Bakhmut sector in detail. Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden on January 25-26. We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 I am grateful to all our allies for their willingness to provide us with modern and much-needed tanks. All this proves the most important fact for the world today - the fact that freedom is only getting stronger. Olena Zelenska spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions at a meeting with architecture students 25 January 2023 - 21:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a dialogue with architecture students and representatives of the professional community on the future of Ukrainian cities, comfortable and barrier-free for residents, and spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions. 1 2 ... 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine