5 captures 18 Sep 2024 - 19 Jun 2025 Aug SEP Oct 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240918003122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaklikav-verhovnu-radu-uhvaliti-zakonodavchi-z-93317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A Good, Strong Content of the Military Package for Our Victory Plan Has Been Prepared – Address by the President 17 September 2024 - 19:27 View all videos n latest news A Good, Strong Content of the Military Package for Our Victory Plan Has Been Prepared – Address by the President 17 September 2024 - 19:26 The State Emergency Service of Ukraine is Committed to Its Mission of Saving Lives Under Any Circumstances – President 17 September 2024 - 14:50 Andriy Yermak Urged the Verkhovna Rada to Adopt Legislative Amendments to Comply with the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention 17 September 2024 - 12:32 President’s Office Discussed Goals of the Global Coalition of Ukrainian Studies 16 September 2024 - 20:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the Events on Rescuer's Day 17 September 2024 - 12:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Urged the Verkhovna Rada to Adopt Legislative Amendments to Comply with the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention 17 September 2024 - 12:32 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak delivered a video address at the conference "Ukraine on the Path to the OECD and Accession to the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention." The event was attended by parliamentary and governmental representatives, representatives of foreign diplomatic missions, civil society, business, and international partners. Special guests included U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Todd D. Robinson, EU Ambassador to Ukraine Katarína Mathernová, French Ambassador Gaël Veyssière, and former French Finance Minister Michel Sapin. Andriy Yermak summarized the work carried out since the President formed a special group to develop proposals for participation in the OECD Working Group on Bribery. Over the past two years: - Two concepts for reforming the liability of legal entities were developed and presented. - Legislative drafts on liability of legal entities and prohibition of tax evasion of illicit gains were prepared and submitted to the Verkhovna Rada in collaboration with MPs. - More than 50 meetings, sessions, and focus groups were held to draft and refine legislative changes. - Six public events were organized to highlight Ukraine's accession to the Anti-Bribery Convention. - Eight meetings of the OECD Working Group on Bribery took place, during which three interim reports were presented on Ukraine's progress toward joining the convention. The Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude to all government bodies and partners involved in the legislative process. He also called on the Verkhovna Rada to expedite the consideration of the proposed bills. "We are now on the home stretch – the two-year deadline set by the OECD to implement the necessary legislative changes to comply with the Anti-Bribery Convention is nearing its end. We must unite our efforts to ensure that these legislative amendments are approved by the end of the year for the success of our application to join the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention and for the success of our country," Andriy Yermak stated. As chair of the working group established by a presidential decree, Andriy Yermak expressed hope that during the December plenary session of the OECD Working Group – where the final, fourth report on the progress of reforms is expected – the Ukrainian delegation will be able to inform representatives from 44 countries that the key changes have been completed and Ukraine will submit an official request to join the convention by February of next year. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine