14 captures 18 Feb 2023 - 19 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230218132101/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-vvazhaye-sho-bezpeku-ukrayini-nemo-81077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to strengthen our soldiers, inspiring the world with courage and resilience – address of President of Ukraine 17 February 2023 - 20:20 View all videos n latest news Head of President's Office believes Ukraine's security cannot be guaranteed without trial for Russian political leaders 17 February 2023 - 22:52 We are doing everything to strengthen our soldiers, inspiring the world with courage and resilience – address of President of Ukraine 17 February 2023 - 20:18 Olena Zelenska: We need to work twice as hard on school food reform to compensate for year stolen by war 17 February 2023 - 19:28 The aggressor must always lose, every state in the world must have the right to independence and respect – address of Ukraine's President to participants of 44th Regular Meeting of Conference of Government Heads of Caribbean Community 17 February 2023 - 19:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands in Kyiv 17 February 2023 - 14:50 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of President's Office believes Ukraine's security cannot be guaranteed without trial for Russian political leaders 17 February 2023 - 22:52 Ukraine will not feel safe until it punishes those who started the war by committing the crime of aggression. It was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, opening the Ukraine Is You exhibition within the Munich Security Conference. "The fastest and easiest way to build the security of Ukraine and the whole world is to create a special tribunal to try the Russian leadership for the crime of aggression. Europe and the entire civilized world understand why it is necessary," the head of the President's Office said. Yermak is convinced the creation of the special international tribunal to investigate the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine would be the most important step on the way to removing the immunity of the Russian leadership. According to him, despite the international support and progress in establishing the tribunal, a new risk has arisen. "Some states have spoken in favor of a hybrid tribunal, which is unacceptable for Ukraine. It is not an option for our country, as it does not provide any guarantee that we will remove the immunity from prosecution of Putin, Lavrov, Mishustin, and others," the head of the Office of the President said. Yermak reported that as of the beginning of February, more than 60,000 Russian war crimes were recorded in Ukraine, including 155 cases of sexual violence. Since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, more than 9,500 civilians, including 461 children, have been killed. About 78,000 infrastructure facilities have been damaged or completely destroyed. Ukrainian children and their parents cannot feel safe either, the head of the President's Office said. To date, over 16,000 cases of forced displacement of Ukrainian children have been recorded. And these are not orphans. Children are separated from their parents taken to infiltration camps and torture camps. And then the children are sent to Russia. "Some parents are illegally deprived of their parental rights and forced at gunpoint to accept that their children will be taken away. What security can we talk about if at any moment you can lose the most precious thing you have – your life, children, and health? The murder of Ukrainian mothers and the forcible deportation of children would be impossible without one crime, which is called – no matter how scary it sounds – maternal. It is about the crime of aggression. That is, the crime that started an aggressive and unjust war against Ukraine," Yermak said. Wolfgang Ischinger, chairman of the Munich Security Conference from 2008 to 2022, spoke at the opening of the exhibition. He said that the crime of aggression is aimed at dominating and destroying a neighboring country. "It is a problem not only of Ukraine, but it is a problem of Europe, NATO, and the whole world," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine