1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309023909/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=79 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Lithuania will support Ukraine on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2021 - 15:48 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of Lithuania's support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. He stated this at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda following the talks in Kyiv. The strategic partnership between Ukraine and Lithuania is strong and inviolable - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2021 - 15:39 Ukraine and Lithuania have strong relations based on support and partnership, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda following today's talks in Kyiv. A number of bilateral documents were signed in the presence of the Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania 18 March 2021 - 14:45 A number of bilateral documents were signed in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, who is on an official visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda signed a Joint Declaration on Ukraine's European Prospect 18 March 2021 - 13:53 The Joint Declaration fixes the support of the Republic of Lithuania for the European prospect of our state. Official meeting ceremony of the Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania took place in Kyiv 18 March 2021 - 11:15 The meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, who is on an official visit to Ukraine, has begun. President of Ukraine commends the statement of the G7 Foreign Ministers on the establishment of the Crimean Platform 18 March 2021 - 10:56 “It’s a true gesture of friendship to support our initiative to establish an International Crimean Platform to consolidate the international community’s efforts on Crimea and to stop Russian aggression. Ukraine moves towards peace,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda to hold a meeting of the Council of Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania 17 March 2021 - 12:30 At the invitation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda will pay an official visit to Ukraine on March 18-19, 2021. The public danger of environmental crime requires intensive work from state bodies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 March 2021 - 11:15 Strengthening the fight against environmental crime should be one of the main priorities of criminal policy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a video address recorded for a joint meeting of heads of law enforcement and other state bodies on compliance with environmental legislation, combating criminal offenses against the environment. President had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden 15 March 2021 - 21:24 The situation regarding the fight against COVID-19 in both countries and the provision of Ukraine with a vaccine licensed by Western countries was discussed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked the Swedish party for its support and significant practical assistance to Ukraine in implementing reforms. Stefan Löfven praised the personal leadership of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the reforms and progress achieved in the European integration. The first vaccination against COVID-19 reduces the probability of infection by 76% - meeting with the President 15 March 2021 - 12:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a traditional conference call on the prevention of the spread of COVID-19, which was attended by representatives of the government and law enforcement agencies. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine