1 capture 26 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220526160942/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-05-2021&date-to=26-05-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Saeima of Latvia 26 May 2022 - 16:25 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Chatham House think tank 19 May 2022 - 21:26 Our goal is to establish peace as soon as possible. The longer this war lasts, the greater the risks to the entire planet. But this peace must be fair. Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity is not a subject for compromise. Russia must liberate our territories, including the Ukrainian Crimea and the Ukrainian Donbas. President of Ukraine: I am proud that Ukrainian is fashionable in the world 19 May 2022 - 20:55 The values that the Ukrainian people defend in the fight against the aggressor are the national idea around which our country and the whole world are united. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with students and rectors of Ukrainian higher education institutions. Thanks to the post-war reconstruction plan, state-of-the-art universities will appear in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 20:11 Ukraine's post-victory reconstruction plan will make it possible to build a new and modern European country, including educational infrastructure. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with students and rectors of Ukrainian higher education institutions. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and rectors of higher educational institutions of Ukraine 19 May 2022 - 20:03 This is a very special time for our country. Millions of our people are now fighting for the right to life and freedom for our people. And it really opens up a space of possibilities. Right now it is our country that is in a situation where we can choose the future for it as we decide. Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:42 Russia will come up with more and more "wunderwaffe" as the Armed Forces of Ukraine and all our defenders liberate our land step by step. Ukraine must get everything it needs to win, because prolonging the war is a risk for the whole world - Andriy Yermak on MSNBC 18 May 2022 - 22:52 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Russia's aggressive war against our country may end sooner if the Ukrainian army receives the weapons on which negotiations are underway and there are agreements with partner countries. Andriy Yermak talked online with American actor Robert De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal 18 May 2022 - 22:36 Andriy Yermak thanked the Hollywood legend for his support of Ukraine and his position on the terrible war waged against our state by the Russian Federation. The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 The President's wife thanked the WHO for its support during the war, including assistance with equipment, machinery, medicines, and participation in the investigation of Russian war crimes against doctors and the destruction of institutions. President supported the initiative to establish the national brand UNITED 24, the first ambassador of which is Andriy Shevchenko 18 May 2022 - 16:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed Decree № 344/2022 on the establishment of the national brand UNITED 24 and congratulated the first ambassador of this brand - the legendary Ukrainian football player and coach Andriy Shevchenko. President presented the Golden Star orders to Ukrainian servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:34 "I want to thank you for defending our state, each and every one of us, protecting our homes, our land, our children, risking your life every day," he said. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 122 123 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine