17 captures 25 Feb 2023 - 04 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230225140252/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashoyu-smilivistyu-i-zbroyeyu-mozhemo-povernuti-mir-i-stvor-81281 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy "The furious year of invincibility" 24 February 2023 - 08:09 View all videos n latest news With our courage and weapons, we can restore peace and create a safeguard against any aggressions – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to participants of the event of the Federal President of Germany dedicated to solidarity with Ukraine 25 February 2023 - 14:12 We will make the Ukrainian Peace Formula the basis of a new security in Europe and the world – address of President of Ukraine to participants of International Forum in Kaunas 25 February 2023 - 12:49 Jets are the protection of our sky, we have taken major steps in this regard – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:38 President: I believe those guilty of war crimes in Ukraine will be justly punished 24 February 2023 - 21:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches With our courage and weapons, we can restore peace and create a safeguard against any aggressions – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to participants of the event of the Federal President of Germany dedicated to solidarity with Ukraine 25 February 2023 - 14:12 Dear people of Germany! Mr. Federal President! Mr. Chancellor, Olaf! Today is the year since everything has changed. Changed for Ukraine, for Germany, for the whole of Europe and the free world. What the free world has become accustomed to over decades of peace has turned out to be something that needs to be fought for. Diplomacy did not work. The existing security architecture in the world did not work. The old European hope that economic ties could keep Russian tank columns from moving did not work. But there was something that did work. First of all, unity. Unity of Ukraine, Germany, and the entire free world. And determination. Determination to protect the foundations of our lives. We are fighting on Ukrainian soil for what all of you, dear friends, cannot imagine your lives without. This is basic security. This is freedom and life under the law. This is human dignity and the right of every person and every community to be respected. This is happiness of living in a family and an opportunity to dream of a safe and free future for your children. Simple things that 1877 Ukrainian cities and villages are now deprived of. The occupier seeks to increase this number and add millions more broken lives to the already broken ones. You know, in our Mariupol, occupied by Russia, there are almost no undamaged houses left. Russia has done everything to kill this city. Almost half a million people used to live there. 90% of Mariupol is destroyed. Remnants of houses that were destroyed by Russian bombs and missiles, parts of the city that were burned by the occupiers are being demolished by Russia to turn these terrible ruins into concrete crumbs. The crumbs that are going to be used to build roads. We have to do everything possible and impossible to prevent Russia from turning Ukraine, our neighbors, and the whole of Europe, which Russian revanchism wants to reach, into concrete crumbs. Can we win? Yes, we are capable of it. United. Determined. And unbreakable. We are able to end the Russian aggression this year already. Germany has been with us since the first minutes of the Russian invasion. Germany is helping us protect Ukrainians from Russian terror. And Germany will be with us on the day of the victory of freedom, will be with us when we save our cities and villages, now occupied, from Russian captivity. The people of Germany! Mr. Federal President! Mr. Chancellor Olaf! Now is the time when our bravery and our weapons can restore peace and create a historically important deterrent to any aggression. No one will dare to start aggression against another nation when they know that the free world will protect that nation. No one will ever again encroach on freedom when they know that the free world is determined enough to defend freedom. No one will repeat February 24 last year when they know that there is not a single occupier left on the entire territory of Ukraine. We can ensure that - together with you! Together with everyone in the world who values life. I thank you for your support! Thank you for being with us throughout this year! Thank you, President, thank you, Olaf, for your faith in Ukraine, in our people, and in our shared values of a free, united, and peaceful Europe! Glory to everyone who fights for freedom! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine