1 capture 03 Aug 2024 Jul AUG Sep 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240803134055/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-07-2023&date-to=31-07-2024&page=187 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO, security guarantees and neighborhood policy are the guidelines of Ukrainian diplomacy 2 August 2023 - 20:10 By the end of this year, Ukraine is to begin negotiations on its future membership in the European Union. Also, the main focus of the work of representatives of Ukrainian diplomatic missions in foreign countries is preparation for joining NATO and specific security guarantees on the way to the Alliance. President: Today, the efforts of our diplomacy should be aimed at the full implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula with the involvement of a wide range of countries 2 August 2023 - 18:43 Also, as stated by the President, Ukraine expects other states and all international organizations whose actions for peace can and will be significant to join this work. The Head of State held an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine and announced five benchmarks for the next political season 2 August 2023 - 18:36 “I will now give you five guidelines. The Peace Formula is the first. Weapons and sanctions are the second. Ukraine's integration into the European Union and NATO, security guarantees, and neighborhood policy are the third. The fourth is the economy, recovery, and transformation. The fifth is our people, both in Ukraine and abroad, in the countries where you work,” the President said. Your task is to ensure that the world always stands with Ukraine - President's speech at the meeting with heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 18:13 We have to prepare for a new political season in the world so that this season, a very important season, can also become pro-Ukrainian. The occupiers will strongly feel the consequences of our work - address by the President of Ukraine 1 August 2023 - 21:52 We are preparing a number of international events - this week will be very important for Ukraine and our foreign policy. Russia cannot exist in its current form, and one should not try to artificially prolong the existence of Putin's regime - Mykhailo Podolyak 1 August 2023 - 20:24 Recent events in Russia show that it can no longer exist in its current form, and the international community should not be afraid of the replacement of Putin's regime. This opinion was expressed by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Atlantic Council's UkraineAlert. NATO membership is the best possible guarantee of security for Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 1 August 2023 - 16:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with the newly appointed Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Norway, Director of the International Department of the Prime Minister's Office Kjersti Andersen, for whom it was the first international conversation in her new position. Andriy Yermak held a conversation with the National Security Advisor of the Republic of India 1 August 2023 - 14:26 On behalf of the Head of State, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor of the Republic of India Ajit Kumar Doval. To protect the lives of Ukrainians, our military must have enough long-range weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2023 - 21:12 We must act together. Significantly strengthen sanctions for terror. Significantly limit the channels of delivery of critical components for missile production to Russia. And we must respond with determination - determination to supply Ukraine with the necessary modern weapons. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Brazil must be a party to the implementation of the Peace Formula proposed by Ukraine, in particular the implementation of the paragraph on global food security. 1 2 ... 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine