1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033120/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=79 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 7 May 2023 - 09:31 The parties also discussed the Peace Formula initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:35 Today, our team managed to bring back 45 more of our warriors from Russian captivity. 42 male defenders of Ukraine and 3 female defenders. They all defended Azovstal. National Guardsmen. 35 privates and sergeants, 10 officers. I am grateful to our team involved in exchanges. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the American state of Utah, led by President of the State Senate Stuart Adams. The delegation also included representatives of business and charitable organizations. President at the Infantry Day celebrations: No matter what our enemy does, Ukrainian infantrymen are stronger, our time is the time for victory 6 May 2023 - 17:23 The President noted that he is honored to congratulate them on Infantry Day, as well as honored to represent our warriors in relations with the world on a daily basis. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the new Head of the ICRC delegation to Ukraine Jürg Eglin 6 May 2023 - 09:48 The parties discussed the issue of further cooperation, as well as compliance with the fundamental norms of international humanitarian law amid violation by the aggressor state of all the principles of waging war. President holds meeting with world's largest investment company on creation of fund for rebuilding Ukraine 5 May 2023 - 22:08 At the meeting, Ukraine's Ministry of Economy signed an agreement with BlackRock Financial Market Advisory on providing support services to the Ukraine Development Fund. Olena Zelenska, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal visit Ukrainian troops undergoing training in UK 5 May 2023 - 21:57 The guests got acquainted with the training of the Ukrainian troops. As part of training, soldiers undergo, in particular, training in tactical medicine and engineering support, tactics, and fire training. President meets with delegation of Venice Commission 5 May 2023 - 21:01 At the meeting, the issue of preparation and implementation of legislation related to the procedures for selecting candidates for the post of judge of the Constitutional Court of Ukraine was discussed. We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 Today, we kept the pace and strength of international work – the whole week gives Ukraine the results it needs. President of Ukraine meets with delegation of representatives of U.S. Congress 5 May 2023 - 19:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a bipartisan delegation of the House of Representatives of the United States, consisting of Chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission Joe Wilson, Congressman Steve Cohen, and Congresswoman Victoria Spartz. The delegation also included the permanent representative of the United States to the OSCE, Michael Carpenter. 1 2 ... 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine