10 captures 01 Aug 2024 - 04 Aug 2025 Jul AUG Sep 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240801205849/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/duzhe-vazhlivo-naroshuvati-ukrayinski-mozhlivosti-zahistu-ne-92457 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing Agreements That Will Take Place This August – Address by the President 1 August 2024 - 19:29 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing Agreements That Will Take Place This August – Address by the President 1 August 2024 - 19:27 Olena Zelenska: We Are Working to Increase Ukrainian Studies – and Thus Mutual Understanding – Around the World 1 August 2024 - 18:44 It Is Crucial to Increase Ukraine's Skies Defense Capabilities, We Are Doing Everything for That — the Address by the President 31 July 2024 - 19:56 A Dashboard with Information on Proceedings Against Business Was Launched in Ukraine 31 July 2024 - 13:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It Is Crucial to Increase Ukraine's Skies Defense Capabilities, We Are Doing Everything for That — the Address by the President 31 July 2024 - 19:56 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! Briefly about this day. First — the defenders of our skies. Last night alone, almost ninety “Shahed” drones were shot down. This is a serious result. I thank everyone for their precision: our mobile fire groups, fighter aircraft crews, anti-aircraft gunners, electronic warfare specialists — everyone. You have done an excellent job in the skies across many of our regions. And it is also crucial to increase Ukraine's skies defense capabilities. We are doing everything for that. And now, if such a significant result can be achieved in the defense against the “Shahed” drones, it is an obvious proof that we can be stronger both in the defense against missiles and in the defense against Russian military aircraft. Everything depends on the weapons in the hands of our warriors. We need reliable air defense systems; we need sufficient range of our weapons. Russian terror must lose every time the occupier tries to destroy life in Ukraine. And it is not just our security. It is the security of everyone neighboring Russia. We will continue to work with our partners — to persuade them, to search for what is needed for our defense in the world and supply it to Ukraine, to cooperate in the production of necessary weapons. All this is our shared defense of everyone in Europe, of everyone in the world who values life. Second. I held a meeting with our international experts — the Office, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs — on the preparation of new arrangements with partners. Security arrangements. And also, on the reconstruction of Ukraine. We are also preparing new bilateral security agreements and new arrangements at the multilateral level. Something that will strengthen Ukraine for sure. August is the time for preparations. Autumn is the time for results. I am grateful to everyone in the team who is involved. And now I would like to thank the United States for the assistance package that was announced earlier. Among other things, the package includes missiles for the NASAMS air defense systems, which are crucial since they are always in short supply. It also includes ammunition for HIMARS and Javelins. Thank you! We are working on ensuring the fastest possible logistics. And the third thing, there was a report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. The frontline situation. First of all, the Pokrovsk direction. Our positions, our defensive actions and our potential reinforcements. I am grateful to all those who are destroying the occupier and defending our country — defending it effectively. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine