3 captures 14 Nov 2020 - 25 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220325035552/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizh-ukrayinoyu-ta-ssha-formalno-j-realno-isnuye-strategichn-65073 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:13 View all videos n latest news If Russia had known what it would face in Ukraine, it would have definitely been afraid to come here - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 01:11 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:03 President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office There is a formal and real strategic partnership between Ukraine and the United States - Deputy Head of the Office of the President 12 November 2020 - 15:28 There is a strategic partnership between Ukraine and the United States. The United States stands ready to continue to play an important role in ensuring Ukraine's national security. This was emphasized by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva during the program "We ask questions here" on Radio NV. According to him, Ukraine counts on the US continued support for its sovereignty and territorial integrity. "The signals coming from then presidential candidate Joseph Biden, and the signals now inspire optimism: The United States is ready to continue to play an important role in ensuring Ukraine's national security, ending the aggression in Donbas and in aid issues, including financial, to build a system of our national security," Ihor Zhovkva said. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine expressed confidence that the United States and other NATO member states would disclose to Ukraine the mechanism of the Enhanced Opportunities Partnership. "And we will do our homework, fulfill the criteria necessary for Ukraine's membership in NATO: reform our system of the Armed Forces, national security. We are confident that the support of the United States in this process will certainly be provided to us," he said. Ihor Zhovkva also noted that in the fight against corruption, the views of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the potential future President of the United States of America Joseph Biden completely coincide. The Ukrainian President proves his willingness to fight corruption by concrete actions. For example, last year the creation of the anticorruption system of Ukraine was completed: the work of the Supreme Anticorruption Court was fully launched. The President also made a clear statement in defense of the NACP's anticorruption infrastructure after the Constitutional Court of Ukraine tried to cancel out its functionality. "I hope and I am confident that the future President of the United States will be our ally in this," Ihor Zhovkva said. In addition, according to him, an important part of bilateral relations between Ukraine and the United States is the economic component. Relevant steps in this area have taken place despite the US election process. For example, an agreement was recently signed with Westinghouse to switch another Ukrainian nuclear power plant reactor - this time WWER-440 - to US nuclear fuel. Also last week, a meeting was held in the video format between the President of Ukraine and President of Microsoft Brad Smith. "Many American companies may be interested in the Ukrainian market. And will be interested. And we will move along this track as well," the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine said. At the same time, Ihor Zhovkva noted that our state counts on the support of American partners to complete judicial reform as soon as possible. At a recent meeting of the renewed Commission on Judicial Reform, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has already set relevant tasks. "Many of our foreign partners, including the United States, say that the events that are taking place now, in particular due to the Constitutional Court, and the President's determination in this situation allow us to complete judicial reform during this period. We hear this from literally all partners,” Ihor Zhovkva said. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also said that preparations for a full-fledged visit of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States are underway, including the elaboration of the agenda of such a trip. "The economy must also be a priority alongside politics, alongside security issues. That is why such a visit is definitely being prepared,” Ihor Zhovkva said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine