5 captures 07 Oct 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231007214312/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-viceprezidentom-institutu-miru-ss-86161 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When terrorists attack, everyone who values life must stand in solidarity – address by the President of Ukraine 7 October 2023 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news When terrorists attack, everyone who values life must stand in solidarity – address by the President of Ukraine 7 October 2023 - 21:32 Ihor Zhovkva starts negotiations with Japan on bilateral agreement on security guarantees 7 October 2023 - 16:05 Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the terrorist attack on Israel 7 October 2023 - 14:43 Andriy Yermak meets with Vice President of the U.S. Institute of Peace William Taylor 6 October 2023 - 21:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President visits Spain to participate in the 3rd European Political Community Summit 5 October 2023 - 11:30 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak meets with Vice President of the U.S. Institute of Peace William Taylor 6 October 2023 - 21:59 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the former U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine and Vice President for Europe and Russia at the U.S. Institute of Peace William B. Taylor and experts from the Institute. Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent visit to the United States, where many crucial meetings took place. He said that our country highly values the unwavering support from President Joseph Biden and his administration, bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress, and strong support from American society. Andriy Yermak also stressed the need for continued communication with American policymakers, opinion leaders, and citizens regarding the importance of U.S. support for Ukraine in the face of full-scale aggression from Russia. Furthermore, the Head of the Office of the President highlighted the significance of unity between the United States and Europe in supporting Ukraine, a point emphasized by Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the Third European Political Community Summit on Thursday. Andriy Yermak informed the delegation from the U.S. Institute of Peace about the work being done to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula, the meetings with representatives of the diplomatic corps dedicated to each of the ten points of the Formula, and the preparation for the next meeting of diplomatic advisors regarding the key principles of achieving sustainable and just peace for our country. "I want to emphasize that we do not plan to stop in our struggle for the liberation of our territories, and we are moving forward despite all challenges. Our victory will be a shared victory of freedom and democracy," the Head of the Office of the President said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine