3 captures 25 Jul 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220725164549/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-nbc-news-mi-vidchuvayemo-velichezn-76649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28 will assert the connection of many generations of our people - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2022 - 22:08 View all videos n latest news Joint Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Guatemala Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla 25 July 2022 - 18:33 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with the President of Guatemala who visited our country for the first time in the history of bilateral relations 25 July 2022 - 18:25 Olena Zelenska in an interview for NBC News: We feel enormous support from the world, but it needs to come faster 25 July 2022 - 12:50 The Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28 will assert the connection of many generations of our people - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2022 - 22:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska in an interview for NBC News: We feel enormous support from the world, but it needs to come faster 25 July 2022 - 12:50 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an exclusive interview to NBC News during her visit to Washington. She talked about the purpose of the trip, her speech in Congress and her personal attitude to the war that has been ongoing in Ukraine for more than 150 days already. "We feel great support from the world. But I am here in the US so that this support does not stop, as we crucially need it. It needs to come faster," the President's wife said. Speaking in Congress, Olena Zelenska asked for weapons for Ukraine to "protect our home and the right to wake up alive in it." So when the journalist asked if the scenario in which Ukraine would give part of the territory to the occupiers was an acceptable option for the end of the war for her, the First Lady emphasized: neither she nor any Ukrainian can imagine that. "I give such a simple, perhaps even too simple, example: if a criminal breaks into your house, destroys everything around, kills your relatives, terrorizes you, you live in fear, you resist. And then someone offers you: let's stop, talk to him, give him the living room, and live in the remaining space. I think this is nonsense," she explained her position. Olena Zelenska also said that the most difficult thing for her personally during the war is the constant feeling of danger in which children in Ukraine are. "As First Lady, I feel that all of our children are in danger. But as a mother, I constantly think that mine are also in danger. Worrying about children is my pain that I bear, but it is the same as that of other mothers in Ukraine. That's why I never separate my children from others," she said. "Honestly, I don't know how Russian propagandists live, who say that they allegedly want to target military facilities only. I haven’t heard a single word of sympathy or apology for the fact that civilians, especially children, are dying. We cannot forgive this," Olena Zelenska emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine