4 captures 08 Dec 2022 - 22 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221208095211/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-olena-zelenska-priyednalasya-do-komandi-77089 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:55 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal for Russia 8 December 2022 - 10:09 Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:48 The fate of millions of people who can be saved is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Foundation 7 December 2022 - 20:50 Roman Mashovets held a meeting with representatives of the embassies of France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands 7 December 2022 - 17:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska joined the team of Superhumans project - a specialized clinic for prosthetics and reconstruction of mutilated body parts 17 August 2022 - 15:04 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska joined the team of Superhumans project - a specialized clinic for prosthetics and reconstruction. She will hold the position of a board member. The institution will be created in the Lviv region by modernizing one of the hospitals. The Superhumans clinic will focus on prosthetics for adults and children, surgeries for the reconstruction and restoration of mutilated parts of the body or head, and treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder. Superhumans will have 100 beds, two surgery rooms, a prosthetics laboratory and a physiotherapy department. For this, modernization and re-equipment of one of the state hospitals in the Lviv region will be carried out under the leasing agreement. The best medical specialists from the US and the EU will be involved in the work at the Superhumans center. In total, more than 100 doctors will work here. Eventually, they plan to create an educational training center for medics from Ukraine and other countries of the world on the Superhumans base - now Ukrainian specialists are accumulating vast experience in the treatment of war injuries and will be able to share it with their colleagues. Superhumans was started on the initiative of Andriy Stavnitser, a Ukrainian businessman. Another founder of the project is Filip Hrushko, a member of the TIS supervisory board and coordinator of investment deals on the Ukrainian market. The CEO will be Olha Rudnieva, the former long-time head of the AntiAIDS Charity Fund in Ukraine. A star team of ambassadors joined the creation of the clinic, who will spread information about the project, raise funds and attract specialists. In particular, these are rock star Sting and his wife, film director and activist Trudie Styler, CEO and President of Virgin Unite, Richard Branson's family foundation, Jean Oelwang, actor Liev Schreiber, famous American inventor and innovator, founder of Not Impossible Labs Mick Ebeling. The medical council included: Minister of Health of Ukraine Viktor Lyashko, American surgeon Peter Costantino, candidate of medical sciences, cardiologist, chief physician of Edem Clinic Oleksiy Bashkirtsev. "Every day we all see the terrible consequences of Russian aggression. Russia destroys not only cities and houses, it cripples our people - children and adults. They lose arms and legs, suffer burns and injuries, as well as post-traumatic stress disorder. But we value every life. We will fight for every person and for them to recover from any injury, to have all the opportunities for a full and happy life," said Olena Zelenska. The President's wife also emphasized that the introduction of a barrier-free environment remains one of her key projects. And it is not only about creating an environment accessible to everyone, but also about the absence of barriers in the perception of others. "Our fellow countrymen who faced injury or amputation are superheroes, they survived terrible ordeals and came out of them even stronger. They need to see respect from others and feel confident and free," said the First Lady. The Superhumans begins preparations for the renovation of the premises. Budgetary financing of the clinic at the stage of reconstruction is not foreseen. The institution will be managed by an independent board of directors and a medical council. A fundraising campaign to support Superhumans will start in September in the US. The founders also intend to present the project in Great Britain, and later in the EU countries. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine