2 captures 15 Jun 2024 - 20 Jan 2025 May JUN Jul 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240615063213/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=124 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy to Participate in the G7 Special Meeting 13 June 2024 - 17:24 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – "Ukraine. Kyivan Rus’. 1033” Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of Christianization of Kyivan Rus’ - Ukraine 28 July 2021 - 10:35 Kyivan Rus’ is the mother of our history. 24 regions of Ukraine and the Crimean peninsula are her own children. And they are rightfully her heirs. And cousins and very distant relatives should not encroach on her legacy. They should not try to prove their involvement in the history of thousands of years and thousands of events, being from the places where they took place thousands of kilometers away. The state has an opportunity to increase assistance to the citizens who need it - President 27 July 2021 - 21:00 On the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Cabinet of Ministers will soon develop a mechanism for paying cash benefits to children from large families belonging to the low-income category within the preparation for the new school year. Over the year of the ceasefire in the Donbas, the number of shelling occasions and deaths has halved, the Head of State is doing everything to establish peace in eastern Ukraine - Press Secretary of the President 27 July 2021 - 19:36 Since July 27, 2020, when the agreement on the establishment of a full and comprehensive ceasefire in the Donbas came into force, the number of shelling occasions and deaths among the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine has halved, and the number of wounded has reduced more than thrice. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov during a briefing on Tuesday. The defense sphere must function steadily, in a coordinated manner, with a clear perspective and without misunderstandings between the leaders - Head of State 27 July 2021 - 19:10 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy decided to dismiss Colonel-General Ruslan Khomchak from the post of Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The President appointed Valeriy Zaluzhny Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. President to take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization" 27 July 2021 - 16:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Decentralization", which will take place in Kyiv on July 28-29. President of Ukraine introduced the newly appointed head of the Foreign Intelligence Service Oleksandr Lytvynenko 23 July 2021 - 21:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the newly appointed head of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine Oleksandr Lytvynenko. Ukraine and the United States agreed on the date of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s visit to Washington 21 July 2021 - 21:32 The White House’s proposal of holding a visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Washington on August 30 is an important step in implementing the agreements reached during the June telephone call between the leaders of Ukraine and the United States. Andriy Yermak met with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet 21 July 2021 - 21:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet who was on a visit to Ukraine. President: Security in the Black Sea Region should become a priority of the world community, and the Crimean Platform can be an important tool for this 19 July 2021 - 21:08 An important topic of negotiations between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu and President of the European Council Charles Michel was security. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Vakhtang Kikabidze on his birthday 19 July 2021 - 20:53 During a working visit to Georgia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke by phone with the famous singer, film actor and film director, Honored Artist of Ukraine Vakhtang Kikabidze and congratulated him on his birthday. 1 2 ... 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine