21 captures 05 May 2021 - 10 Feb 2026 Jan FEB Mar 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220205112548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pidpisannya-deklaraciyi-pro-yevropejsku-perspektivu-ukrayini-68257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelensky met with representatives of the IT industry on the eve of the Diia Summit and the launch of “Diia City” 4 February 2022 - 20:08 President of Ukraine to meet with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 4 February 2022 - 18:55 In a phone conversation with the President of Slovakia, the President of Ukraine discussed cooperation in the security sphere 4 February 2022 - 14:24 Ukraine looks forward to close cooperation with Turkey in energy, infrastructure, technology and defense - President 3 February 2022 - 18:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 14:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Signing of the Declaration on Ukraine's European Prospect brings full integration into the European Union closer - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 May 2021 - 18:52 At the invitation of Polish President Andrzej Duda, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with the leaders of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania took part in the festivities on the occasion of the 230th anniversary of the 3 May Constitution, the first valid document in Europe comparable to modern constitutions. During the visit, the leaders discussed our common future in Europe and the main challenges facing Europeans. It was confirmed that the inalienable values ​​for our societies are: freedom, sovereignty, territorial integrity, democracy, rule of law, equality and solidarity. This is reflected in the five-party declaration signed by the leaders of Poland, Ukraine, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania: a united Europe must be open to all countries and peoples who share common values. This is an important signal of support for Ukraine's European integration aspirations. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda also signed a joint bilateral Declaration on Ukraine's European Prospect. This is the second such document concluded between Ukraine and the EU country. As you know, a declaration was signed with Lithuania in March this year. The text of the joint declaration of leaders stipulates that our country has a European prospect in accordance with Article 49 of the Treaty on European Union. "The Presidents of Ukraine and Poland noted Ukraine's intention to apply for EU membership in the future after the implementation of the Association Agreement subject to the Copenhagen criteria and agreed that the Republic of Poland will support Ukraine in this regard," the document reads. In the context of the recently announced idea of ​​holding a summit with the participation of European Council President Charles Michel and the leaders of the associated Eastern Partnership countries, we note that Ukraine is ready to strengthen the European community in the east of our continent with Georgia and Moldova. That is why the leaders of Ukraine and Poland in a joint declaration noted the need for a strategic review of the European Neighborhood Policy and the Eastern Partnership to ensure an "open door" policy for those associate partners who have European aspirations and meet certain conditions and criteria. It is logical that the coalition in support of Ukraine's membership in the European Union started from Lithuania and Poland, which are our strategic partners. But systemic work is underway with all EU member states to obtain meaningful political support on our country's path to the European Union. Ukraine is carrying out a transformation that really brings us closer to achieving this goal. Reforms that have been delayed or only partially implemented for decades are finally being enshrined in law and strengthening the state at the institutional level. Economic relations in our country are gaining the necessary transparency for sustainable growth. By implementing the Association Agreement with the European Union, we have reached such a progress that the modernization of the Agreement is a totally relevant task that we are already working on with European partners. "Ukrainians are already influencing our common European destiny. It is on our land that the future of Europe is being decided. We will ensure full integration of Ukraine into the commonwealth of European countries, and this will prove that the basic values of freedom, democracy and equality on our continent are key elements of large-scale progress and development," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine