16 captures 21 Jan 2022 - 17 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 11 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220611082455/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-derzhavna-strategiya-z-reintegraciyi-donbasu-ta-kr-58121 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now all Ukrainians must be a united nation that is fighting and doesn’t allow the world to divert attention away from the events in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 00:11 View all videos n latest news Now all Ukrainians must be a united nation that is fighting and doesn’t allow the world to divert attention away from the events in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 00:09 We must rebuild a new Ukraine - a state that has gained its independence and future - President during a conversation with the student community of Great Britain 10 June 2022 - 23:19 Ukraine is fighting for its future, Russia is fighting for someone else's past, which is why we will win - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the student community of leading British universities 10 June 2022 - 22:54 Ihor Zhovkva held a phone conversation with the State Secretary for Foreign Affairs of the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia 10 June 2022 - 20:56 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: State strategy on reintegration of Donbas and Crimea must include transparency, consensus, realism and implementation of decisions 30 October 2019 - 13:36 After five years of war in eastern Ukraine, a state strategy for the safe reintegration of Donbas and Crimea must finally emerge. It should include four compulsory components. It was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the opening of the Unity Forum in Mariupol. The Head of State noted that the components of that strategy would be presented and discussed at the forum. “This is our vision that is widely discussed. Discussions to improve it. Why? Because, again, international experience testifies to this. In order for everything to work properly, for the case of peace to be successful, the state strategy should include four mandatory components,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. One of these components is transparency and publicity. The President emphasized that the state should explain its steps and find the right ways together with civil society, initiate a large-scale national dialogue. “It is about the fate of the state. We have never been in such situations. So, I am sure no politician, expert or public activist can boast of a successful experience here and no one has the right to say: "Only I know what is right, only my vision is right". We need to hear each other and keep a cool head resolving all the pressing issues, such as pension payments or trade blockade, not using political slogans, but putting the interests of Ukraine and its citizens first," the Head of State noted. The Head of State emphasized that under those conditions the second component of the state strategy - consensus - would emerge. Ukrainian society must agree on a way to regain control of Donbas and Crimea, as sociology demonstrates that society has different views as regards the given issue. “There will never be the only solution that will satisfy everyone. But we have to find an option that will be approved by the vast majority. Society must understand and agree with the conditions of reintegration of Donbas and Crimea, with the principles of transitional justice. The lack of common vision paralyzes our movement,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the emergence of a common vision is now hindered by fear. For example, some people in the controlled area are afraid of the alleged amnesty of militants, the preservation of a "gray" criminalized zone or the return of Donbas and Crimea on the terms of the Russian Federation, which is equal to capitulation. At the same time, ordinary people on the other side of the delimitation line are intimidated by vengeance, aggressive linguistic and cultural obtrusion, discrimination. "Why do these fears exist? First of all, we understand that this is Russian propaganda that began many years ago. As well as partial manipulations in the Ukrainian information space,” he said. The President is convinced that under such conditions the state should pursue a systematic information policy and the media should educate and increase media literacy. The third integral part of the state reintegration strategy is realism. The President stressed that the idea of a quick and easy return of the occupied territories by military means was erroneous. “It is important to realize that tomorrow all people in the occupied territories of Donbas will not start speaking Ukrainian. We should not delude ourselves with all these illusions. We should not hope that everything will happen by the wave of the hand. We must be realistic and not be afraid of the truth, no matter how bitter it may be,” he stressed. According to the President, the last component of the strategy is the ability of the state to implement the plan. "The real steps and results, not Facebook stories of success. We can adopt 10 strategies of national unity, but without real action, we will never implement any of them,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President said that not only language and historical past, but also values were a solid foundation for national unity. These include, in particular, the values of freedom, democracy, civil society and the rule of law, decent living standards, goodness, tolerance, good manners, decency, respect for the law, private property and one another. ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 29 October 2019 - 11:52 ph Working trip to the Donetsk region 29 October 2019 - 11:52 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine