32 captures 02 Oct 2019 - 13 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220627180948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/niyakih-miscevih-viboriv-na-donbasi-pid-dulami-kulemetiv-ne-57581 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs a powerful modern air defense, we talk about this with partners everyday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 June 2022 - 22:51 View all videos n latest news Ukraine will respond accordingly to threats from Transnistria - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 June 2022 - 18:53 President of Ukraine met with the President of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 18:33 In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, Olena Zelenska stressed the importance of restoring children's faith in the world and life 27 June 2022 - 17:43 President of Ukraine met with the Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 27 June 2022 - 14:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events There can be no local elections in Donbas at the barrel of machine guns - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 October 2019 - 21:34 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Ukraine had agreed to the so-called Steinmeier formula. He also notes that local elections in Donbas can only take place under Ukrainian law and only after the troops are withdrawn and Ukraine regains control of the state border. "Today, the last obstacles to the Normandy summit have been eliminated. I think we will know the date soon,” the Head of State said during a briefing on October 1. He stressed that the so-called Steinmeier formula had become the biggest horror story in Ukraine in recent weeks, hence it needed clarification. The President emphasized that it was a mechanism under which the temporary law on special order of local self-government in certain areas of Donetsk and Luhansk regions - the so-called law on special status of Donbas would start working on a permanent basis after the holding of local elections in accordance with the Constitution of Ukraine and the Ukrainian legislation, as well as after the publication of the OSCE’s report that the elections had been held under the OSCE and international standards of democratic elections. "This means that there can be no elections at the barrel of machine guns," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. “And another very important point is that the law on special status of Donbas is in force until December 31, 2019. A new law will be developed by the Parliament in close cooperation and open discussion with the public,” he added. According to the Head of State, no “red line” will be crossed in the new law. “That is why there will be no capitulation,” the President said. As regards the timing of the withdrawal of Russian troops from the occupied territories of Donbas and the prevention of holding the elections before the withdrawal, Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that it would be discussed during the Normandy format summit. «It will be envisaged. It is impossible to do this in elections (in electoral legislation - ed.), because elections must be held in accordance with our legislation. We will discuss this. If there is someone there will be no elections. You do understand it. We will prepare safeguards. We will never agree to hold the elections if there are military there,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine