26 captures 23 Dec 2022 - 15 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221223101253/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-mi-kazhemo-patrioti-v-ukrayini-j-u-ssha-mi-odnakovo-may-80029 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When we say "patriots" in Ukraine and in the United States, we equally mean the protection of the state and people - address by the President of Ukraine 22 December 2022 - 18:09 View all videos n latest news When we say "patriots" in Ukraine and in the United States, we equally mean the protection of the state and people - address by the President of Ukraine 22 December 2022 - 18:06 On his way to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Andrzej Duda in the rescuer city of Rzeszów 22 December 2022 - 16:30 We stand, we fight and we will win. Because we are united. Ukraine, America and the entire free world - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a joint meeting of the US Congress 22 December 2022 - 07:39 In Washington, the President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the senators from the Republican and Democratic parties 22 December 2022 - 03:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 22 December 2022 - 00:04 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When we say "patriots" in Ukraine and in the United States, we equally mean the protection of the state and people - address by the President of Ukraine 22 December 2022 - 18:06 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today will be a very short address and in unusual conditions, but as always - about what we have achieved. We are returning from Washington - we are coming with good results. With something that will really help. When we say "patriots" in Ukraine and in the United States, we equally mean the protection of the state and people. This issue has been settled for Ukraine. There is financial support too. Also there are other agreements - more on that later. I thank President Biden for his help, his international leadership, and his determination to win. I am grateful to the Congress of the United States - both houses, both parties, all those who support Ukraine, all those who want victory as much as we all do. There will be victory! Glory to each of our warriors! Glory to everyone who defends our state! We are bringing to Ukraine, to Donbas, to Bakhmut and to the south the decisions that our Defense Forces have been waiting for. On the way home, I met with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. I thanked him, all Poles, the city - rescuer Rzeszów for everything they do for Ukraine and our protection - the protection of Europe. Today, in a special format, face to face, we discussed our interaction with Andrzej. I told him about what I heard in the United States, about our strategic vision for the next year... We are preparing, strengthening our joint forces. And one more thing - today is a professional holiday of people who give us normality, modernity and exactly the level of well-being that the terrorist state wants to destroy. Today is the Day of Energy Workers. I congratulate all of you, defenders of the Ukrainian light, and thank you for your work. We also bring new agreements to help you! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine