4 captures 18 Sep 2024 - 11 Aug 2025 Aug SEP Oct 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240918232918/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dsns-ukrayini-v-bud-yakih-obstavinah-zavzhdi-viddana-misiyi-93321 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Plan for Victory Is Already Fully Prepared; the Most Important Thing Now Is the Determination to Implement It – Address by the President 18 September 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news Nine Regions Are Negotiating Cooperation with American States – Viktor Mykyta 18 September 2024 - 21:00 Our Plan for Victory Is Already Fully Prepared; the Most Important Thing Now Is the Determination to Implement It – Address by the President 18 September 2024 - 20:05 We Have Made an Important Step Towards the Creation of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression – Iryna Mudra 18 September 2024 - 14:27 Olena Zelenska's Foundation Opened a Modernized Laboratory at the Clinical Center for Pediatric Medicine in Lviv 18 September 2024 - 12:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the Events on Rescuer's Day 17 September 2024 - 12:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The State Emergency Service of Ukraine is Committed to Its Mission of Saving Lives Under Any Circumstances – President 17 September 2024 - 14:50 On Rescuer's Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the personnel of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, congratulated them on their professional holiday, and awarded state honors. He emphasized that today is the professional holiday of all those whose job and calling is to save lives. "Whatever happens, the SES of Ukraine is always there to help, and always promptly. They remain fully committed to their most important mission: saving lives," said the President. The President inspected samples of automotive and robotic equipment. In particular, Interior Minister Ihor Klymenko and SES Head Andriy Danyk reported on the use of surface drones and robotic systems for mine disposal. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that since the beginning of Russia’s full-scale invasion, Ukrainian rescuers have responded to over 170,000 shelling occasions and extinguished more than 20,000 fires. SES sappers have neutralized over half a million explosive devices. As a result of Russian aggression, 97 SES personnel have been killed, 395 injured, and 4 are currently held in Russian captivity. The attendees observed a minute of silence to honor all those Ukraine has lost due to the war. The President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Lieutenant Colonel of the Civil Protection Service Artem Kostyria. The Lieutenant Colonel participated in over 70 operations to mitigate the consequences of Russian attacks. After the liberation of the Kharkiv region, he organized the restoration of nearly 100 damaged fire and rescue units. Thanks to his efforts, over 2,400 people were evacuated. Artem Kostyria was killed on July 13 this year while responding to the aftermath of an enemy missile strike when Russian forces launched a second ballistic missile attack. The President also awarded SES employees the Orders "For Courage", II and III class, and the Order of Danylo Halytskyi. Additionally, in Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s presence, the winners of the nationwide "Hero – Rescuer of the Year" campaign were honored. Eight Ukrainians received awards: Oleh Holubchenko, a maxillofacial surgeon from the Okhmatdyt Children’s Hospital. On July 8 of this year, during a Russian missile strike, he was performing surgery. Medical equipment failed, but he found alternative ways to maintain breathing and carried the child to shelter. Despite his injuries, he assisted rescuers and volunteers in clearing the hospital’s rubble. Artem Makarov, a cadet at Kharkiv National University of Internal Affairs. In April of this year, he saved an eight-year-old boy whom his own mother tried to drown. Andriy Bibik, a police officer in the Novopillia community. In one of the villages, he noticed thick smoke near the houses. An outbuilding was on fire, and the flames were spreading toward homes. Andriy rescued a 13-year-old girl, an infant, and two dogs. Yuliia Oholikhina, a personnel specialist at the SES in the Zaporizhzhia region. While on vacation, she saw a child drowning in a pool. She pulled the girl out of the water and provided first aid. Andriy Lubenets, a Ukrainian Armed Forces serviceman. Severely wounded in the war, last September, near a pond, he heard a 17-year-old boy’s cry for help. Despite his injured leg, Andriy swam to the boy and pushed him 20 meters to safety with one arm. Patrol police officers helped pull the boy out of the water and resuscitate him. Ihor Kalashnyk, an electrician at a construction hypermarket. In May of this year, after Russian aerial bombs hit the hypermarket, he fully shut down the power to the building and helped evacuate four visitors from a smoke-filled area. He also removed generator barrels with fuel from the premises to prevent another explosion. Polina Sholokh, a SES signaller. While at a car wash, she heard a woman screaming. Next to her was a boy with no signs of life, who had been pulled out of a drainage pit. Polina immediately began CPR, and after several minutes, the boy was breathing again. Oleksandr Zhuk, a physical education teacher. Near a lake, he heard cries for help and saw three girls in the water. One had already lost consciousness and was pulling another down. Oleksandr rescued two of the girls from the water, while the third made it to the shore on her own. v Videos ph President's Participation in the Events on Rescuer's Day 17 September 2024 - 12:54 ph President's Participation in the Events on Rescuer's Day 17 September 2024 - 12:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine