6 captures 26 Oct 2023 - 19 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231026135827/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-vogue-ukraine-edition-turbota-pro-86597 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:48 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses long-term support for Ukraine, implementation of Peace Formula with Mette Frederiksen 26 October 2023 - 14:58 Olena Zelenska in an interview with Vogue Ukraine Edition: Caring for the psychological well-being is a matter of survival for Ukrainians 26 October 2023 - 11:53 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 26 October 2023 - 09:28 Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska in an interview with Vogue Ukraine Edition: Caring for the psychological well-being is a matter of survival for Ukrainians 26 October 2023 - 11:53 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska said in an interview with Vogue Ukraine Edition that caring for psychological well-being is a matter of survival for Ukrainians and is relevant to the entire world. The president's wife recalled that the results of an international sociological study presented during the Third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen in Kyiv on September 6th of this year demonstrated that mental health is among the top five global challenges of the present and the future. Study participants from 11 countries expressed feelings of anxiety, uncertainty about the future, and fragility in established systems. This highlights the importance of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, being implemented in Ukraine to make psychological assistance as widespread and accessible as possible. The First Lady said that the main challenge faced during the program's implementation is the stigma, stereotype that strong individuals do not need help. To overcome this, a gentle and friendly approach is necessary, Olena Zelenska said. To popularize the idea that seeking help is not shameful, a communication campaign titled "How are you?" has been launched as part of the program. The president's wife also highlighted the importance of paying attention to the psychological well-being of children and communicating with them. "Children constantly ask when the war will end, and it's best to be honest and say: I don't know, but it will surely come to an end," the First Lady said, adding that planning for the future together is also crucial.\ Olena Zelenska said that empathy is a vital tool in supporting the resilience of individuals and the entire society. She also expressed her belief that the state and society should prepare to create dignified conditions for defenders. "Just placing a hand on your heart when you see a military person is kind, but it's better to take action: arrange workplaces for people with disabilities, consider how to help veterans with education and retraining as needed," the First Lady said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine