17 captures 12 Apr 2023 - 24 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230412155953/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nichogo-ne-zbirayemosya-zabuvati-j-proshati-vbivcyam-zako-82213 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are not going to forget anything and forgive the murderers; there will be legal responsibility for everything - address by the President of Ukraine 12 April 2023 - 11:12 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine received the Order of the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria "Honor of the Nation" and the Order of Dzhokhar Dudayev 12 April 2023 - 16:51 Daria Herasymchuk spoke at an extraordinary special meeting of the OSCE Permanent Council about the situation of Ukrainian children during the full-scale invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation 12 April 2023 - 15:34 Everyone who chooses the profession of a law enforcement officer or rescuer gets the opportunity to make Ukraine stronger - the Head of State during the graduation of cadets of higher education institutions of the Ministry of Internal Affairs 12 April 2023 - 15:22 We are not going to forget anything and forgive the murderers; there will be legal responsibility for everything - address by the President of Ukraine 12 April 2023 - 11:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of graduation of cadets of the MIA higher education institutions 12 April 2023 - 14:49 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are not going to forget anything and forgive the murderers; there will be legal responsibility for everything - address by the President of Ukraine 12 April 2023 - 11:09 There is something that no one in the world can ignore: how easily these beasts kill. This video... The execution of a Ukrainian captive… The world must see it. This is a video of Russia as it is. What kind of creatures they are. There are no people for them. A son, a brother, a husband… Someone’s child… This is a video of Russia trying to make just that the new norm. Such a habit of destroying life. This is not an accident. This is not an episode. This was the case earlier. This was the case in Bucha. Thousands of times. Everyone must react. Every leader. Don't expect it to be forgotten. That time will pass. We are not going to forget anything. Neither are we going to forgive the murderers. There will be legal responsibility for everything. The defeat of terror is necessary. No one will understand if the leaders don't react. Action is required now! And we in Ukraine must focus on the frontline as much as possible. Help as much as possible. Expel the occupier from our land! The main goal is to win. The main goal is strength for Ukraine to win. Defeat of the occupier, sentences to murderers, Tribunal for the evil state. Eternal memory to every person whose life was taken by Russian terror! Glory to all who fight against this evil! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine