12 captures 13 Sep 2023 - 11 May 2025 Aug SEP Oct 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230913084430/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/paperovoyi-roboti-u-vijskah-maye-stati-znachno-menshe-zverne-85557 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:04 View all videos n latest news A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:03 Exerting pressure on Russia works only if there is maximum unity of the world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the Dutch students 12 September 2023 - 16:34 Unite for freedom, for common achievements - President's address to the university community of the Netherlands 12 September 2023 - 16:25 Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with the State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany 12 September 2023 - 15:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Physical Culture and Sports 8 September 2023 - 20:51 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Paperwork in the military should be much less – address of President of Ukraine 11 September 2023 - 21:44 I wish you all good health, dear Ukrainians! Today, there is good news: we are preparing to strengthen the package of defense support from Germany. Air defense systems, artillery, equipment. What was agreed upon with Chancellor Scholz. What was discussed today with German Minister of Foreign Affairs Baerbock – she was on a visit to Ukraine, I met with her today in Kyiv. It's crucial that partners hear the needs of our state, our soldiers, and the protection of our energy infrastructure. I am confident – there will be results.We are also making progress with our other partners, in particular, regarding air defense systems. Additional systems will be in Ukraine. Today, I held several important meetings. First of all, I would like to highlight the meeting with Ukraine's Defense Minister Umerov, First Deputy Minister Pavliuk, and Deputy Prime Minister Fedorov regarding the provision of our soldiers and the transparency of this provision. The specific needs of our combat brigades should be met as quickly as possible, and for this, all accounting should be digitized. In general, there should be much less paperwork in the military, and there should be no difference between what is reported here in the center and what is really needed at the front. The Ministry of Defense is currently relaunching the accounting system, with assistance from the Ministry of Digital Transformation. Today, I also had a meeting with representatives of the law enforcement sector. Obviously, Ukraine needs more progress in protecting the interests of society. In protection from those who prioritize their own wallet above social norms and rules. Above even the war. There will be new steps of the state. And one more thing. Since this morning, various Ukrainian cities and regions have been hit by Russian attacks. Nikopol – brutal Russian shelling, artillery. Ochakiv in Mykolaiv region, Kherson, and other cities and villages in Kherson region, Polohy district in Zaporizhzhia region, Donetsk, Pokrovsk district, Bakhmut district, Volnovakha district, and others. Kharkiv region. Chernihiv region. Sumy region. Kryvy Rih – a missile strike. Another attack by Shaheds. Even when there is a relative peace and quiet in some parts of our territory, we should always remember our land, our cities, and villages that are almost constantly under fire. And even though today is the 565th day of this war, all of us, each and every one in Ukraine, should remain focused on defending the state just as we did in the early days. Russia does not hope to win. The enemy hopes only that we will not endure. Ukraine must endure. Anything that strengthens us is a priority. And only that is a priority. No weakening! And we won't allow anyone to weaken Ukraine. Glory to all our soldiers! Thank you to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine