4 captures 20 May 2023 - 25 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230520100024/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-smirnov-zustrivsya-z-predstavnikami-mizhnarodnoyi-kom-83009 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:38 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of the UK in Japan 20 May 2023 - 12:42 Andriy Smyrnov meets with representatives of International Commission on Missing Persons 19 May 2023 - 18:59 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of Iraq in Jeddah 19 May 2023 - 18:32 I call on you to help protect our people including the Ukrainian Muslim community - address by the President of Ukraine at the Arab League Summit 19 May 2023 - 17:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov meets with representatives of International Commission on Missing Persons 19 May 2023 - 18:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting with Director for Policy and Cooperation of the International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP) Andreas Kleiser, Program Director of ICMP in Europe Matthew Holliday, and ICMP Legal Consultant Oleksandr Krasnoborov. The meeting participants discussed cooperation and preparation for launching the program of the International Commission in Ukraine. "The issue of missing citizens of Ukraine was and will remain one of the key ones, especially in the conditions of armed aggression against Ukraine. We are open to constant dialogue and will make every effort to start the work of the International Commission in Ukraine as soon as possible," the deputy head of the Office of the President said. He also said that Ukraine has had a positive experience of opening two offices of international organizations in the past year: the International Criminal Court and the OECD, and is also preparing to open a permanent office of IDLO – the International Development Law Organization. Kleiser, for his part, said that ICMP works at the international level with many countries and seeks to help Ukraine. "We have agreements on cooperation with international criminal tribunals and national tribunals. We help in the work of their large network and, of course, at the level of domestic organizations," he said. In the spring of 2022, ICMP and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine exchanged diplomatic notes, after which personnel were sent to Kyiv to begin preparations to launch the program. The Ukrainian ICMP program is supported by the European Union and Canada. Currently, work on the final draft of the cooperation agreement is underway. The ICMP director for policy and cooperation said that the Commission can provide Ukrainian authorities with access to its DNA laboratory in The Hague and a database that opens up great opportunities for obtaining DNA profiles in extremely complex cases, such as degraded bone samples. The Commission would be pleased to cooperate with Ukraine because such cooperation would be effective. The meeting participants agreed on coordination and cooperation to achieve the final goal – the signing of the cooperation agreement and the start of the program of the International Commission on Missing Persons. ICMP is an intergovernmental organization with headquarters in The Hague that assists governments in exhuming mass graves and identifying missing persons through DNA. The Commission also provides support to associations of families of missing persons and helps in the creation of strategies and institutions to locate the missing. In addition, ICMP helps governments develop legislation to protect the rights of families of missing persons; maintains a unique specialized Online Inquiry Center (OIC) and the Integrated Data Management System (iDMS) that manages all data related to missing persons. The Commission provides training and education programs to a wide range of individuals, including government authorities, prosecutors and judges, NGOs, families of the missing, and forensic practitioners. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine