10 captures 18 Dec 2024 - 22 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241218094141/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koordinaciya-roboti-z-partnerami-progres-v-istorichnih-pitan-95069 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Is Not a Single Reason for North Koreans to Die in This War; the Only Reason Is Putin’s Madness – Address by the President 16 December 2024 - 21:09 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Visited Defenders Recovering at the Superhumans Prosthetics and Rehabilitation Center in Lviv 17 December 2024 - 21:25 Coordination of Efforts with Partners, Progress in Historical Issues and Support on the Path to the EU and NATO – Outcomes of the Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Poland 17 December 2024 - 19:27 UAH 15 Billion Will Be Reallocated to the eRecovery Program for IDPs – the President 17 December 2024 - 16:51 Support Programs for Ukrainians, Domestic Defense Production and Cooperation with Partners – the Year-End Meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities 17 December 2024 - 16:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv Region and Meeting with the Prime Minister of Poland 17 December 2024 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Coordination of Efforts with Partners, Progress in Historical Issues and Support on the Path to the EU and NATO – Outcomes of the Meeting Between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Poland 17 December 2024 - 19:27 In Lviv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk on coordination of efforts with partners, joint achievements and understanding. “It is crucial for Ukraine and Poland to be supportive of each other’s efforts. This has always strengthened us both. I am glad that our Ministries of Culture cooperate on historical issues between our states, that they hold meetings, work together – this has already begun, and that there is some progress,” the President said. Special attention was paid to the situation on the battlefield and in diplomacy. The Head of State emphasized that there is a shared vision that Ukraine needs a just peace, further reinforcement and a strong position. “What we all need in Europe is not just a pause in hostilities, not just something temporary or uncertain. We need a strong shared position – of all partners – and we need genuine peace. And most importantly, this peace – peace through strength – can be ensured,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. In addition, during the meeting, the parties discussed expectations from next year's Polish presidency of the Council of the European Union, and cooperation in supplying weapons for the defense of the front. The President expressed particular gratitude to Poland for the assistance provided to Ukraine and support for its aspiration to become a full member of NATO. “Poland understands how important it is for our part of Europe to ensure real security and eliminate any geopolitical uncertainty,” he said. Donald Tusk stressed that Ukraine can always rely on Poland's support, especially in its progress towards the EU and NATO. “Our history is both complicated and beautiful. There have been many positive and negative aspects in our relations. But this is the history of nations that, in the face of hardship, proved to understand the pivotal historical moment marked by Russia’s invasion: Poland's help to Ukraine and Ukraine's struggle. This is a great thing that was born between our peoples,” the Prime Minister noted. According to him, Poland is preparing to implement a project to equip Ukrainian brigades. Donald Tusk will discuss these plans with other European partners, including the Baltic and Nordic countries. v Videos ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv Region and Meeting with the Prime Minister of Poland 17 December 2024 - 13:00 ph Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv Region and Meeting with the Prime Minister of Poland 17 December 2024 - 13:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine