13 captures 09 Aug 2021 - 07 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220218201016/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-ostriv-zmiyinij-i-pereviriv-gotovnis-70033 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 20:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President visited Zmiyinyy Island and checked the readiness of the military to defend it 9 August 2021 - 17:31 During a working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Zmiyinyy Island in the Black Sea, where he observed the command and staff exercises with the participation of the Joint Forces Command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and all types and kinds of troops. During the exercises, marines and special forces supported by aircraft and surface forces worked out the strengthening of the protection and defense of Zmiyinyy Island. The Ukrainian military successfully resisted a conventional enemy naval landing, destroyed enemy ships, and repulsed potential attempts by the aggressor to seize the Ukrainian island. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of conducting such exercises, which take place at a very high level. "It is gratifying that these military exercises are also taking place on our Ukrainian Zmiyinyy Island. They have never been held here at such a level. It shows that we understand what times we live in, with whom we are struggling," he said. The President stressed that Ukraine has a powerful army that is ready to defend our country, our statehood and sovereignty in every part of the independent Ukrainian land. ph Working trip of the President to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 9 August 2021 - 15:16 ph Working trip of the President to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 9 August 2021 - 15:16 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine