4 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202132853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russia's war against Ukraine is a war of worldviews - Olena Zelenska in an interview with Australian television 26 September 2022 - 21:02 In an interview with 60 Minutes Australia, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska urged not to tolerate war as a phenomenon of the modern world. We say to our partners, in particular Germany: if you want the war to end as soon as possible, give us the Leopard 2 - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Tagesschau 26 September 2022 - 16:10 Ukraine has the right to defend its territory and wants to restore peace, and this requires the support of partners, including the provision of modern weapons. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with Tagesschau.de. President took part in the signing of the document on the launch of the new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV for investments in Ukrainian companies 26 September 2022 - 15:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of signing the document on participation in the financing of the Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV via video conference. This is a new fund created for investments in Ukrainian companies. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Monday 26 September 2022 - 11:59 The participants heard information about the operational situation on the frontline. Decisions were made regarding the active actions of the defense forces with the aim of further de-occupation of the territory of Ukraine. Criminal mobilization is used by Russia not only to prolong the suffering of Ukrainians, but also to exterminate representatives of indigenous peoples - address by the President of Ukraine 25 September 2022 - 23:25 The situation in the occupied Crimea is catastrophic. The information about the Crimean Tatar people is fully confirmed: most of the mobilization letters are given there specifically to qırımlılar. The heroism and grit of our warriors leave no doubt that Ukraine will prevail - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 September 2022 - 21:59 We will retaliate against every strike of the aggressor - at Zaporizhzhia and Kharkiv, Mykolaiv, Nikopol, Donbas, at all our cities and regions... We will definitely liberate our entire country. First Lady of Ukraine visited the 9/11 Memorial and the Ukrainian Museum in New York, where she spoke about the state of Ukrainian museum institutions 24 September 2022 - 14:21 As part of her visit to New York on the occasion of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited the 9/11 Memorial, built on the site of the World Trade Center destroyed by the terrorist attack on September 11, 2001. With the "Gold Star" Order we celebrate those who write the history of our state and our people - President of Ukraine 24 September 2022 - 08:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the “Gold Star” Orders to servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine, and to members of the families of fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously. Ambassadors of foreign countries visited the liberated city of Izyum and saw the consequences of the Russian occupation 23 September 2022 - 23:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha and Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Yevhen Perebyinis, together with a group of foreign ambassadors, visited the city of Izyum in the Kharkiv region de-occupied by the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Ukraine has shown that the truth, strength, initiative and confidence in victory are on our side - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 September 2022 - 23:14 The world not only talks about Ukraine, but also realizes that by helping Ukraine, it also helps solve urgent global problems and crises. We offer a way to make the world more stable and safer. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine