24 captures 06 Jun 2022 - 21 Apr 2025 Jul AUG Sep 01 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220801214744/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-prezentuvala-dorozhnyu-kar-75633 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The power of the democratic world is well felt on the battlefield in Ukraine these weeks - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 August 2022 - 22:26 View all videos n latest news The power of the democratic world is well felt on the battlefield in Ukraine these weeks - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 August 2022 - 22:22 Andriy Yermak, Dmytro Kuleba, and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone conversation with Antony Blinken, Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 1 August 2022 - 16:49 President of Ukraine held a phone conversation with the President of France 1 August 2022 - 16:33 Ukraine and our people, our capabilities are more powerful than any Russian missiles - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2022 - 22:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Yermak-McFaul International Group presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. 6 June 2022 - 10:48 The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. The document defines the objectives of individual sanctions, the principles of their application, comprehensively names all categories of persons against whom personal sanctions should be imposed, and proposes a strategy to increase sanctions pressure. The purpose of individual sanctions is to increase pressure on the ruling elites of the regime, and thus help end the war against Ukraine. The Group proposes to impose sanctions on those categories of persons for whom it will be the fastest and most effective. That is, it is proposed to choose those categories of persons, personal sanctions of the democratic world against which will be the most painful. The following types of persons subject to sanctions are offered in order of priority: oligarchs, senior government officials, key corporate executives, including foreigners, Russian propagandists, political party leaders, family members, and proxies. The Group also proposes to consider introducing individual sanctions against all Russian athletes. The appendix to the document explains in detail who belongs to the appropriate category. The number of potential candidates for sanctions will be at least 12,000 individuals and 3,000 legal entities. The immediate priority is given to the 100 wealthiest people on Russia's Forbes list. According to the white paper, the sanctions coalition should focus on those who have been able to avoid sanctions in most or all jurisdictions. Examples are Vladimir Potanin, owner of Norilsk Nickel and other large assets, Andrey Bokarev, co-owner of Transmashholding and other significant assets; and Iskander Makhmudov, co-owner of Transoil, Transmashholding and other significant assets. The key sanctions mechanisms should be the freezing of assets, the ban on entry into the countries of the sanctions coalition, and the termination of powers in Western companies. It is crucial to involve as many countries as possible in a coalition of sanctions. If a person is subject to sanctions in one jurisdiction, all other jurisdictions should be the case. The role of the Ukrainian government in making any decisions on sanctions is emphasized. Also, according to the Group, any attempts by senior government officials, heads of corporations and board members, propagandists, and members of political parties to transfer property to their family members or proxies should be carefully monitored and prevented. Any assistance in transmitting or receiving such assets should be grounds for imposing sanctions. This roadmap and the previous papers of the Yermak-McFaul Group - Action Plan for Strengthening Sanctions and the Roadmap for Energy Sanctions have been provided to all key decision-makers. It is vital to continue to increase sanctions pressure on Russia. Individual Sanctions Roadmap: Recommendations for Sanctions against the Russian Federation - pdf - 322.06 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine