6 captures 07 Sep 2024 - 16 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240907122852/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gumanitarni-vidnosini-spivpracya-v-agrarnij-sferi-medicina-t-92777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Throughout the Fall, Everyone in Their Position Must Deliver Tangible Results – Address by the President 5 September 2024 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news Ukraine Is Committed to Cooperation and Fulfills All Obligations to the IMF – Iryna Mudra 7 September 2024 - 14:11 Support for Ukraine, Implementation of the Peace Formula and Reconstruction: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Giorgia Meloni 7 September 2024 - 12:34 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Italian Business Representatives Discussed Cooperation with Ukrainian Companies 7 September 2024 - 08:54 Ukraine Is Not Asking for Anything More Than What Your Country or Any Other Country Already Has – Speech by the President at the 50th Ambrosetti International Forum 6 September 2024 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Humanitarian Relations, Cooperation in Agriculture, Medicine and Culture: Ukraine and India Have Signed Four Documents 23 August 2024 - 18:04 Ukraine and India have signed four documents in the presence of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi, who is on his visit to our country. These are: Agreement Between the Government of Ukraine and the Government of the Republic of India on Cooperation in the Fields of Agriculture and Food Industry. The document is aimed at expanding mutually beneficial cooperation, creating favorable conditions for market relations, and improving the national food security of the countries. The Agreement was signed by Acting Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food of Ukraine Taras Vysotskyi and Foreign Secretary to the Ministry of External Affairs of India Vikram Misri. Memorandum of Understanding Between the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and the Government of the Republic of India Regarding Indian Humanitarian Grant Assistance for Implementation of High Impact Community Development Projects. The document envisages the expansion of economic and technical cooperation between the two countries and creates a framework for providing our state with assistance for the implementation of projects, including reconstruction and recovery. The Memorandum was signed by the First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko and the Minister of External Affairs of India Subrahmanyam Jaishankar. The Program of Cultural Cooperation Between the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine and the Ministry of Culture of the Government of the Republic of India for the Years 2024-2028. The signing of the document will facilitate the establishment of direct ties between artistic groups, individual performers and cultural institutions, as well as the holding of joint cultural events. The Program was signed by Acting Minister of Culture and Information Policy of Ukraine Rostyslav Karandieiev and Secretary to the Ministry of External Affairs of India Tanmaya Lal. Memorandum of Understanding between the State Service of Ukraine on Medicines and Drugs Control and the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India. The purpose of the Memorandum is to promote the development of interests in the pharmaceutical sector, prevent the circulation of low-quality and counterfeit medicines, and ensure the safety and quality of medicines supplied to the markets of both countries. The document was signed by Head of the State Service of Ukraine on Medicines and Drugs Control Roman Isaienko and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of India to Ukraine Ravi Shankar. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of India 23 August 2024 - 13:07 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of India 23 August 2024 - 13:07 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine