1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051458/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=65 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Roman Mashovets and Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine Takashi Kurai discussed defense-military cooperation between the countries 1 June 2021 - 18:48 The parties discussed prospects and ways of further development and deepening of bilateral relations between Ukraine and Japan in the defense and military-technical spheres. Particular attention was paid to the reform of Ukraine's defense industry and the development of Ukrainian legislation in this area. Interview of the President of Ukraine to Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung 1 June 2021 - 09:32 The political selfishness that exists today could lead to World War III. The situation with COVID-19 in Ukraine is improving, vaccination of the population is being intensified - meeting with the President 31 May 2021 - 14:46 There is a positive trend in the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine, all regions are currently in the "yellow" zone. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President initiated the establishment of the Presidential University, which will train specialists of the future 31 May 2021 - 12:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Education and Science" signed Decree № 217/2021 "Issues of the project "Presidential University". Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A country that strives to be competitive should define education and science as its strategic areas 31 May 2021 - 11:44 The key conditions for the successful development of Ukrainian education are the development of the necessary infrastructure, provision of human resources, motivation of students and its topical content that meets the needs of the modern world. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Education and Science" in Kyiv. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Slovakia 28 May 2021 - 13:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic Eduard Heger, who is on an official visit to our country. President had a phone conversation with the President of the European Commission 27 May 2021 - 16:42 The parties discussed Ukraine's and the EU's efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and its social and economic consequences, ongoing reforms in Ukraine, and cooperation to overcome Russia's ongoing destabilization efforts. In all these areas, the EU continues to provide strong support to Ukraine. President of Ukraine commends the successful evacuation of 109 Ukrainians and citizens of other countries from the Gaza Strip 27 May 2021 - 06:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commends the successful evacuation of 109 Ukrainian citizens who have expressed a desire to leave the Gaza Strip. The plane with them landed in Kyiv in the morning. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the co-chairman of the German party "Alliance 90/The Greens 24 May 2021 - 18:50 The President welcomed Robert Habeck's decision to visit the delimitation line in the east. President instructed the government to prepare a decision to terminate air travel between Ukraine and Belarus 24 May 2021 - 17:51 Given the current situation, the President instructed the government to work out a decision to terminate direct flights between Ukraine and the Republic of Belarus and close the airspace of Belarus for the flights from Ukraine and to our country. 1 2 ... 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine