1 capture 02 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220702090330/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=29-05-2021&date-to=29-05-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:30 View all videos n latest news The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:27 The whole world understands that it is Ukraine who is implementing the main reform in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 21:11 Ukraine will have its own security model, and these must be clear, legally verified guarantees - Andriy Yermak 1 July 2022 - 20:44 Head of State met with the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 17:16 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Sanctions against Russia must be destructive enough to stop this heinous war - Andriy Yermak 6 April 2022 - 21:07 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a regular online meeting of a group of Ukrainian and international experts established under the auspices of the Office of the President to analyze the real impact of sanctions against Russia, provide proposals for strengthening existing and implementing new effective measures. Ukraine is an integral part of Europe and the democratic world and deserves to be at the center of the European security system - Head of the President's Office 4 April 2022 - 22:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that today no one has any doubts that the Ukrainian state is a full-fledged part of Europe and deserves to be at the center of an effective European security system. Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 The crimes committed by the Russian military against civilians in the Ukrainian cities of Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel and other settlements in the Kyiv region are genocide of the Ukrainian people. This was emphasized by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy already has a plan for Ukraine's economic revival on the table - Andriy Yermak 4 April 2022 - 17:41 The restoration of Ukrainian cities will begin immediately after their liberation from the Russian occupiers. A plan for Ukraine's economic revival has already been prepared. This was announced byHead of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. The world must learn to live without Russian energy, through which Russia finances the terrible war in Ukraine - Oleh Ustenko and Simon Johnson 1 April 2022 - 18:29 According to the authors, Vladimir Putin underestimated the horror his invasion of Ukraine would create, especially in Europe. The European Union will certainly no longer risk its national security by importing Russian energy. Both the United States and the EU have all the tools they need to stop Russia from being a leading player in world energy markets. All military-industrial complex enterprises must work non-stop today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukroboronprom Director General 1 April 2022 - 13:35 "Today, all enterprises of the military-industrial complex must work 24/7. To repel Russia's aggression, the Armed Forces of Ukraine need effective work of every employee in the industry," Andriy Yermak stressed. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine has proved to everyone that it is an important player that needs to be respected 1 April 2022 - 13:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak noted that today Ukraine is not only defending itself from Russian aggression - it is protecting the whole European world. So Europe must help. He said this in an interview to leading international media - The New Yorker, Bild and Le Monde. The Red Cross announced Russia's approval of access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol, also corridors from Melitopol and Enerhodar were agreed - Iryna Vereshchuk 31 March 2022 - 11:01 Ukraine has received a message from the International Committee of the Red Cross that the Russian Federation confirms its readiness to open access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol in transit through Berdyansk. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. It is very important to develop new packages of sanctions against Russia, as it is a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing the governing regime - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 10:41 Sanctions are a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing Russia and those who support the ruling regime in the aggressor country. However, sanctions need to be deepened, so a new US package is expected to be announced soon. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview to TV presenter Vadym Karpyak, which was broadcast within the information marathon "United News #UArazom". Ukraine needs more weapons, because we defend the values of a democratic world - Head of the President's Office 31 March 2022 - 10:14 Ukraine needs as big a supply of weapons as possible because our country pays a very high price every day defending the values of a democratic world in the fight against the aggressor. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview to leading international journalist of the American television company CNN Christiane Amanpour. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 20 21 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine