5 captures 04 May 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240504114214/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/hmelnichchina-cogo-roku-otrimaye-shonajmenshe-145-mlrd-grn-u-90689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Day is Devoted to the Situation in the Khmelnytskyi Region: Security, Protection of the Region, Contribution to the Defense of the Whole of Ukraine – Address by the President 3 May 2024 - 13:42 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Péter Szijjártó 3 May 2024 - 19:26 Our Border Guards Have Proven Themselves at the Highest Level – the President During the Meeting at the National Academy of the State Border Guard Service 3 May 2024 - 18:24 Thank You for Making Ukrainians Confident in Your Strength – the President Presented Awards to Border Guards in Khmelnytskyi Region 3 May 2024 - 17:03 The Khmelnytskyi Region will Receive at Least UAH 1.45 Billion under the Made in Ukraine Platform 3 May 2024 - 16:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President and First Lady Met with HRH Duchess Sophie of Edinburgh 30 April 2024 - 09:36 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Khmelnytskyi Region will Receive at Least UAH 1.45 Billion under the Made in Ukraine Platform 3 May 2024 - 16:15 During his working visit to Khmelnytskyi, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy participated in the presentation of the Made in Ukraine economic platform. "I believe that the creation of our Made in Ukraine platform is very important so that national manufacturers can be identified by sight. Especially those who have been working since the beginning of the war, who have returned home, who provide jobs and strengthen our budget, which then is fully allocated to our warriors. I am not being pretentious, it's the truth: you and your region help to the maximum extent possible," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also highlighted the importance of ensuring the stable operation of the regional energy system and the protection of civilians from missile attacks. "It is important for us that people live and have jobs, that schools work, that there are bomb shelters, that missiles and drones are shot down," he said. Yuliia Svyrydenko, First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy of Ukraine, noted that regular meetings in the regions with businesses are an important component of the Made in Ukraine policy. They help to overcome both individual business issues and challenges for entire industries. "Let's look at the example of the Kharkiv region: it is suffering from Russian shelling. So, shortly after a joint meeting with government officials, local authorities were allowed to exempt businesses from regional taxes, and we are compensating the funds. Subsequently, we offered a 30% discount on railroad transportation for the region's agrarians and doubled the microgrants. We have similar examples in different regions," Yuliia Svyrydenko added. She also mentioned that this year, at least UAH 1.45 billion has been allocated for the Khmelnytskyi region under the Made in Ukraine platform. However, this amount is not final: the more actively the region's businesses apply for assistance programs, the more funds they will be able to receive. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine