8 captures 14 Jul 2023 - 16 Jun 2025 Jun JUL Aug 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230714212228/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-par-pidgotovku-do-gl-84325 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every thousand meters of advancement, every success of each of our combat brigades deserves gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2023 - 19:55 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak told Ukrainian and foreign journalists about the results of the President's recent foreign visits and the NATO Summit in Vilnius 14 July 2023 - 23:00 Every thousand meters of advancement, every success of each of our combat brigades deserves gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2023 - 19:53 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India 14 July 2023 - 15:00 Six states have already joined the G7 countries with which we agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine yesterday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 22:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State and President of the Republic of South Africa discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit and consolidation of support for Ukraine by African countries 13 July 2023 - 19:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa. The Head of State thanked his counterpart for visiting Bucha and Kyiv as part of the African delegation in June this year and for his efforts to return Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia. The interlocutors praised the results of the meeting at the level of national security advisors and political advisors to the leaders of the countries held in Copenhagen. The President of Ukraine thanked for the presence of the South African representative at that meeting and invited him to take part in the next meeting, which is currently being prepared. The leaders of Ukraine and South Africa also discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit and the necessary diplomatic steps to consolidate African support for Ukraine. The parties noted the importance of extending the "grain corridor" in the Black Sea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited South Africa to join the Ukrainian humanitarian initiative Grain from Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine