1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau met with representatives of Canadian business in Toronto 23 September 2023 - 10:03 "We are very interested in you coming to Ukraine, very interested in rebuilding Ukraine - this is what we need today. These are all areas which you are good at. We are very interested in your work, business and technology," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Weakening assistance to Ukraine means strengthening Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 September 2023 - 01:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that it is impossible to remain neutral in the war waged by Russia against Ukraine, as the lack of assistance to our country means the strengthening of the Russian Federation, which will then threaten other countries. We appreciate Canada's decision to join the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Justin Trudeau in Ottawa 23 September 2023 - 01:15 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that when Ukraine wins, it will be a joint victory with Canada, with all friends and partners, and with the free world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau signed an updated Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Canada 22 September 2023 - 22:47 The document will facilitate the creation of a new favorable climate for economic relations between the two countries, for the development of trade in goods and services, investment, the formation of a developed competitive market economy in line with national priorities, the development of its key industries, the implementation of systemic reforms and the improvement of the overall well-being of the population. President and First Lady of Ukraine meet with Governor General of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 19:45 The Head of State thanked for Canada's firm stance in support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of Canada in Ottawa 22 September 2023 - 18:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau will discuss Ukraine's defense needs, further financial and humanitarian support for our country, as well as expanding opportunities for economic and investment cooperation. President met with the most influential American entrepreneurs 22 September 2023 - 12:41 The parties discussed the prospects for attracting the largest American business to rebuild Ukraine and implement investment projects. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on strengthening Ukraine's long-range capabilities: The moment will come - we will all see it 22 September 2023 - 10:30 Ukraine is working hard to obtain long-range weapons, and the results of this work will be visible in some time. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy while speaking to Ukrainian journalists in Washington. President of Ukraine following the meeting with the President of the United States in Washington: We have exactly what our soldiers need 22 September 2023 - 02:30 In the framework of his working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with U.S. President Joseph Biden. A ceremony of returning cultural property stolen from the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine was held in Washington with the participation of the President 21 September 2023 - 23:20 In the presence of the Head of State, U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas and Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova signed the relevant certificate of transfer of Ukrainian artifacts confiscated by U.S. law enforcement agencies. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine