1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033011/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=55 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Presidents of Ukraine and the United States discussed further defense cooperation and bolstering the capabilities of the Ukrainian army 25 June 2023 - 22:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with US President Joseph Biden. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Justin Trudeau 25 June 2023 - 21:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed Justin Trudeau on the current situation on the battlefield. He also shared Ukrainian assessments of the attempted coup in Russia and the impact of this situation on the course of hostilities. In Copenhagen, Andriy Yermak held a series of meetings with national security advisors to the leaders of India, South Africa, Türkiye, Japan and the EU institutions 25 June 2023 - 18:57 As part of consultations on key principles of peace, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a series of bilateral meetings in Copenhagen with national security advisors to the leaders of India, South Africa, Türkiye, Japan and EU institutions. It is right for our people, our children to know to whom we owe our lives and freedom of Ukraine - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s address 25 June 2023 - 11:17 Please thank, support and tell your friends, your children and people around the world about our warriors. Our warriors deserve it. Ukraine will definitely be able to protect Europe from any Russian forces, and it doesn't matter who commands them – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 June 2023 - 20:10 Today the world saw that the bosses of Russia do not control anything. Complete absence of any predictability. The security of Europe's eastern flank depends only on our defense. And that is why every manifestation of support for our defense is support for your defense, everyone in the free world. May Ukraine's victory and state institutions' successful transformation be best tribute to memory of all our heroes – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 June 2023 - 19:39 Now I want to thank all our people who, under the existing conditions and with the available resources in the state, are doing everything that depends on them to make the state effective. And, of course, the front. Knowing our heroes, and being grateful to them is a must. Head of State chairs meeting of National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine 23 June 2023 - 18:21 A meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine (NSDC) was held under the chairmanship of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, during which the state of civil defense facilities, the acceleration of judicial reform and further steps towards gaining the European Union membership by Ukraine were discussed. Security is the first priority - address by the President of Ukraine following the NSDC meeting 23 June 2023 - 16:45 I held the NSDC meeting. Three issues on the agenda. Security is the first priority. The second point on the agenda is courts. Of course, we discussed the tasks that must be completed by the end of the year in order to fully implement each of the European Commission's recommendations for the start of negotiations on joining the European Union. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the graduation of officers of higher military educational institutions via video conference 23 June 2023 - 12:35 The Head of State emphasized that the last years of studying had become the most difficult and fateful for today's graduates. However, despite all the challenges associated with Russia's full-scale invasion, a worthy replenishment of officers is now joining the officer corps of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. You are united by a common choice, high responsibility, courage, determination and loyalty to Ukraine, and in the future, you will all be united by victory – address by the President of Ukraine to the officers – graduates of military universities 23 June 2023 - 12:26 Many of you have participated in combat operations in the East even before you studied for your specialties and have relevant combat experience. From the very first hours of the full-scale war, you and your lecturers took up arms, reinforced the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and bravely stood up to defend Ukraine. 1 2 ... 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine