5 captures 09 Sep 2022 - 21 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220909125151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/plan-sankcij-proti-rf-vikonanij-na-70-tisk-na-agresora-povin-77593 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In total, more than a thousand square kilometers of the territory of Ukraine have been liberated since the beginning of September - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 September 2022 - 22:14 View all videos n latest news Head of the President's Office discussed further support for Ukraine with the President of the Italian Parliamentary Committee for the Security 9 September 2022 - 14:54 In total, more than a thousand square kilometers of the territory of Ukraine have been liberated since the beginning of September - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 September 2022 - 22:11 The sanctions plan against the Russian Federation is 70% implemented, the pressure on the aggressor must increase and Russia must be designated a terrorist state - Andriy Yermak 8 September 2022 - 21:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 8 September 2022 - 19:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the US Secretary of State 8 September 2022 - 18:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The sanctions plan against the Russian Federation is 70% implemented, the pressure on the aggressor must increase and Russia must be designated a terrorist state - Andriy Yermak 8 September 2022 - 21:22 Another meeting of the International Expert Group on Sanctions against Russia chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul was held, traditionally in the format of a video conference. Andriy Yermak thanked the members of the group for the productive work that has been ongoing for five months already and congratulated them on achieving a significant result - 70% implementation of the Action Plan presented in April this year. "Thank you very much for all the efforts you have made since the beginning of our work in March. This is simply incredible, and is highly appreciated by our President and the entire Ukrainian people. I am sure that you can all be proud of the results of the work of our sanctions group," he emphasized. The Head of the Office of the President offered the members of the Yermak-McFaul group new ideas for discussion. First of all, a document on designating Russia a state sponsor of terrorism. He emphasized that this is not an easy process, but it should not be stopped, because Russia is a terrorist state, and the Ukrainian people demand this. Another important issue, as noted by Andriy Yermak, is the ban on obtaining visas for Russian citizens. He noted that the European Commission has already proposed to suspend the visa facilitation agreement with the Russian Federation, but it is necessary to achieve more and prepare appropriate proposals. "Russians, these savages, have no right to be among the civilized people of the West at all. Can you imagine that Russian women were calling their husbands and telling them to kill and rape Ukrainians? These are real conversations intercepted by our intelligence. And then the same Russian "women" simply come to Europe to have a rest on the beaches and go to museums. This is absolutely inappropriate," the Head of the President's Office is convinced. Andriy Yermak drew attention to the fact that Ukraine is actively carrying out internal work on sanctions against the Russian Federation. In particular, these days, sanctions were applied to more than 600 people who belong to the ruling elite of Russia. An Inter-Agency Working Group on the Implementation of the State Sanctions Policy was established. The Head of the President's Office also offered to continue the successful practice of communication between the members of the International Expert Group on Sanctions against Russia and the parliamentarians of various countries. The members of the group noted the progress in the work with documents and emphasized that the sanction pressure on Russia should only increase. They discussed the need to introduce sanctions in the field of nuclear energy, to refuse to import uranium from Russia. The parties also touched upon the systematic, step-by-step implementation of the price cap on Russian oil, which will significantly reduce budget revenues of the Russian Federation and affect its oil production industry. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine