1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051444/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=66 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The dynamics of the COVID-19 incidence, the course of vaccination and the payment of financial assistance due to the quarantine were discussed at a meeting with the President 24 May 2021 - 14:06 There is a positive trend in the COVID-19 incidence in Ukraine - all epidemic indicators have been improving for the ninth week in a row. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President signed a law that finally returns to the communities the right to dispose of their land 24 May 2021 - 11:51 During the All-Ukrainian Forum “Ukraine 30. Land”, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed the Law “On Amendments to the Land Code of Ukraine and Other Legislative Acts to Improve the System of Management and Deregulation in the Sphere of Land Relations” № 1423-IX (Bill № 2194) adopted by the Verkhovna Rada on April 28. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The transparent land market is what we promised and what we are implementing 24 May 2021 - 11:27 During the ban on the sale of agricultural land, about 5 million hectares of state land were illegally appropriated in Ukraine, and a shadow market for land turnover without taxes, official employment and social guarantees for people was formed inside the country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Land". President and First Lady took part in awarding Taras Shevchenko National Prize of Ukraine 20 May 2021 - 21:59 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena took part in awarding the laureates of the Taras Shevchenko National Prize of Ukraine 2021. The bill initiated by the President is designed to eliminate the influence of oligarchs in Ukraine 20 May 2021 - 17:08 The bill will soon be presented to the public, which will contain clear criteria for determining the oligarchs. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference. Festivities dedicated to the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence will last for 3 days - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 May 2021 - 16:45 During a press conference, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the idea and the events being prepared for the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. President initiates the development of a concept for the use of state property in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya 20 May 2021 - 16:34 After the audit of land plots and houses located on the territories of state residences in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya, a concept of further use of these facilities will be developed, said President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference. President: Possible lifting of sanctions against the Nord Stream 2 will be a major geopolitical victory for Russia 20 May 2021 - 16:28 "I think this (lifting of sanctions - ed.) will be a loss for the United States and for President Biden personally. I’m telling this openly and frankly. It will be a major geopolitical victory of the Russian Federation and a new redistribution of power and influence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. It is necessary to put things in order at Ukrzaliznytsia and prevent its bankruptcy - Head of State 20 May 2021 - 16:21 Ukrzaliznytsia JSC, a strategic enterprise of Ukraine, should no longer take obscure loans, instead it should establish cooperation with serious private investors in order to stop being unprofitable, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is confident. President: Roads should be a showcase of our country 20 May 2021 - 16:13 The Large Construction national program will be completed when not only all infrastructure facilities are built, but also historical and cultural heritage sites to which new roads lead are restored. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference. 1 2 ... 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine