6 captures 09 Dec 2019 - 16 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324034753/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/druzhina-prezidenta-vzyala-uchast-u-vidkritti-vistavki-do-mi-58525 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife President’s wife took part in the opening of the exhibition on the International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women 25 November 2019 - 15:13 As part of the worldwide campaign “16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence”, President’s wife Olena Zelenska participated in the opening of an exhibition dedicated to Ukrainians who became victims of violence but managed to break the vicious circle. The exposition presented in the Cabinet of Ministers includes true stories of those who suffered from violence but managed to stop it with the assistance of the state. 10 stories of people who chose not to endure and keep silent, but to counteract. These stories are a kind of presentation of the work of such services and legislative innovations as shelters for victims of violence, emergency medical assistance centers within clinics for women and hospitals, mobile police teams responding to cases of domestic violence "Polina" (police against violence), national helpline for prevention of domestic violence, day-time crisis centers, free secondary legal aid centers, urgent restraining order. The following life examples demonstrate the importance of developing prevention and eradication of violence against women and girls, and show how many steps still need to be taken. “Violence against women is one of the most widespread human rights abuses in the world. Unfortunately, Ukraine is no exception: according to statistics, every fifth female Ukrainian suffers from psychological or physical violence. Developing services for victims and combating violence in Ukraine is still ongoing, but these stories are the first success to be shared. First of all, for female Ukrainians to know that these services exist and help is available,” Olena Zelenska said. The President's wife stressed the importance of further increasing the number of shelters for victims of violence, as, according to the standards, there should be one place for 10 thousand people living in the cities, as well as mobile police groups "Polina", of which there is a critical shortage now. The First Lady also considers a priority the creation of a national-level call center, in which the victims will be provided with all the necessary information in the near future. "Such a service is essential, because it will give you the opportunity not only to know your rights and their protection, but also to get qualified help quickly and in time," Olena Zelenska said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine