7 captures 29 Oct 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231029182316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-na-malti-zustrichi-z-radnikami-lideriv-86693 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Peace Formula gradually, step by step, is becoming global – address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2023 - 20:33 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak meets with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:52 Andriy Yermak holds meetings with advisors to leaders and representatives of Italy, South Africa, Japan, Qatar, Bahrain, Switzerland, and Armenia in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:41 Statement of the co-chairs (Malta | Ukraine) on results of the meeting regarding key principles of peace for Ukraine 29 October 2023 - 16:50 During third advisors' meeting in Malta a proposal to create international coalition of states to facilitate return of Ukrainian children deported by Russia was made 29 October 2023 - 15:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak holds meetings with advisors to leaders and representatives of Italy, South Africa, Japan, Qatar, Bahrain, Switzerland, and Armenia in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:41 On the instruction of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, on the sidelines of the third national security and foreign policy advisors' meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula in Malta, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held bilateral meetings with advisors to leaders and representatives of the Italian Republic, the Republic of South Africa, Japan, the State of Qatar, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Switzerland, and Armenia. During the meeting with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Italy Francesco Talò, Ukraine's key defense needs were discussed, including the necessity to strengthen Ukraine's air defense for the protection of the port infrastructure in southern Ukraine and the civilians in Ukrainian cities. The head of the Office of the President emphasized the high dynamics of dialogue between the leaders of the two states and expressed gratitude to Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni for her firm and leadership position in support of Ukraine. The meeting participants highlighted the importance of strengthening cooperation during the Italian G7 Presidency in 2024. The head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude for Italy to join the Joint G7 Declaration regarding security guarantees for Ukraine and its readiness to participate in the implementation of the Peace Formula. Particular attention was given to Ukraine's compliance with the seven recommendations of the European Commission necessary to commence negotiations on EU accession and the importance of Italy's continued support for Ukraine on its path toward EU and NATO membership. During Andriy Yermak's meeting with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi, a key focus was placed on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. The head of the Office of the President recognized the important role of the Republic of South Africa in bolstering support for Ukraine and the Ukrainian Peace Formula among Global South countries. He expressed gratitude to Sydney Mufamadi for his active participation in all rounds of consultations at the level of national security advisors and diplomatic advisors to leaders of states. The significance of progress made within working groups on specific points of the Formula was highlighted, and a commitment to continuing work in these formats was agreed upon. The parties had substantive discussions regarding the status of the agreements reached during the recent phone call between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa. Emphasis was placed on the importance of maintaining and increasing the existing dynamics of leaders' dialogue between the two states. Issues related to South Africa's participation in the reconstruction of our state and potential avenues for humanitarian aid were raised. Andriy Yermak highlighted Ukraine's principled interest in deepening dialogue with African countries. The participants acknowledged the need to continue and expand the export of Ukrainian grain via alternative routes in the Black Sea and the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program, which is critical for global food security. Possible intergovernmental contacts in the near future were also discussed. During the meeting with Secretary General of the National Security Secretariat of Japan Takeo Akiba, who is a national security advisor to the Cabinet of Ministers, the head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude for Japan's active support of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the efforts of Japanese leadership within the G7 regarding its practical implementation. Andriy Yermak expressed separate gratitude for the address of Prime Minister Fumio Kishida to the participants of the meeting in Malta. The interlocutors exchanged thoughts on the outcomes of the first round of negotiations to conclude a bilateral agreement with Japan regarding security guarantees in line with the G7 Joint Declaration of support for Ukraine. The head of the Office of the President informed Takeo Akiba about the situation on the battlefield. He emphasized the importance of Japan's defense support for Ukrainian soldiers and the protection of Ukraine's civilian population. Andriy Yermak thanked Japan for 21 sanctions packages against Russia and called for further strengthening of sanctions pressure on the aggressor, particularly in areas of importance to the Russian defense industry. Special attention was given to cooperation in preparation for the Ukraine Recovery Conference, scheduled to take place in Tokyo in February 2024. During the meeting with Deputy Secretary General of the National Security Council of the State of Qatar Hamad Hamis Al Kubaisi, Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude for Qatar's support, especially in providing humanitarian assistance to Ukraine. The head of the Office of the President highly appreciated Qatar's mediating role in humanitarian matters and expressed gratitude for its assistance in repatriating illegally deported and forcibly displaced Ukrainian children. Andriy Yermak also expressed gratitude for the participation of the Qatari side in the meeting in Malta and noted that despite global challenges, the involvement of Gulf countries in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula is extremely important. The participants exchanged thoughts on the implementation of the Peace Formula, the possibility of involving as many countries worldwide as possible, including Qatar, in this process, and touched upon the organization and conduct of the upcoming Global Peace Summit and Qatar's participation in it. Attention was paid to the situation in the Middle East. Both sides agreed on the necessity of taking all possible measures to prevent further escalation and the spread of conflict. Andriy Yermak and Hamad Hamis Al Kubaisi emphasized the need to seek peace and protect civilians, as well as the importance of unimpeded humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of citizens and the delivery of humanitarian goods. Furthermore, there was an exchange of thoughts regarding the potential expansion of bilateral cooperation, Qatar's participation in Ukraine's post-war reconstruction, and further political dialogue. During the meeting with Deputy National Security Advisor of the Kingdom of Bahrain, Sheikh Khalid bin Ali Al Khalifa, the head of the Office of the President of Ukraine emphasized the importance of increasing the intensity of bilateral relations and expanding the dialogue with the Kingdom of Bahrain. He also expressed gratitude for Bahrain's participation in the meeting in Malta. The interlocutors exchanged thoughts on advancing the Ukrainian Peace Formula and ways to involve Bahrain in this process. It was noted that Bahrain is ready to contribute to the implementation of the Formula with concrete solutions. Andriy Yermak informed Khalid bin Ali Al Khalifa about the situation on the battlefield. Both sides paid special attention to the discussion of the situation in the Middle East and agreed on the necessity of making efforts to de-escalate the conflict. The head of the Office of the President drew the attention of the Bahrain's national security advisor to the threat of damage to Ukraine's energy infrastructure due to Russian attacks in the winter period. During the meeting with Head of the International Security Division of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Gabriel Lüchinger, Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude for the support of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, including Switzerland's involvement in the implementation of points related to radiation and nuclear safety. Switzerland expressed its readiness to make an effective contribution to the work of various working groups. The interlocutors discussed further practical steps to advance the Peace Formula, filling with the most specific content of working groups' activities, and the organization of the upcoming Global Peace Summit. The parties exchanged thoughts on expanding the participation of countries worldwide in the Peace Formula, particularly continuing the involvement of Global South nations. Andriy Yermak highly appreciated the support that Switzerland provides to Ukraine in overcoming the humanitarian consequences of Russia's full-scale invasion, especially in the reception of internally displaced persons. "By assisting Ukraine, Switzerland is helping to restore lasting and reliable peace in Europe," he said. The interlocutors had a detailed discussion on Switzerland's involvement in the reconstruction and recovery of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak highly praised the Swiss government's provision of CHF 1.8 billion for the needs of Ukraine's recovery and the support provided for humanitarian demining in our state. He emphasized the importance of continuing these initiatives. The head of the Office of the President expressed gratitude for Switzerland's willingness to host the next international donor conference on humanitarian demining in Ukraine in October 2024. The importance of establishing national mechanisms to facilitate Swiss business participation in the reconstruction of Ukraine was also noted. Andriy Yermak emphasized the significance of ensuring global food security and the development of trade routes with Ukraine. The head of the Office of the President thanked Switzerland for its support of the Grain from Ukraine initiative. He provided an update on the results of the alternative grain corridor and expressed Ukraine's readiness to continue being a guarantor of global food security. During the meeting with Secretary of the Security Council of the Republic of Armenia Armen Grigoryan, Andriy Yermak highly appreciated Armenia's decision to join the group of states supporting the Ukrainian Peace Formula. He thanked Armen Grigoryan for his personal participation in the meeting in Malta. The head of the Office of the President acknowledged a new context in the bilateral relations between Ukraine and Armenia. In this regard, the importance of the first meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Armenia Nikol Pashinyan on the sidelines of the European Political Community Summit in Granada was emphasized. Andriy Yermak specifically thanked for the participation of the wife of the Prime Minister of Armenia, Anna Akopyan, in the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which took place in Kyiv in early September, and for her contribution of humanitarian aid for Ukrainian schoolchildren. The head of the Office of the President confirmed Ukraine's readiness to strengthen cooperation with Armenia, particularly in the context of European integration. Andriy Yermak informed Armen Grigoryan about the situation on the battlefield and Ukraine's resistance to Russia's full-scale aggression. They also exchanged thoughts on regional security challenges. He congratulated Armenia on being elected, like Ukraine, to the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). The parties discussed the cooperation between the two countries within the IAEA and in the field of energy in general. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine