16 captures 05 Jul 2022 - 23 May 2025 Jun JUL Aug 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220705140425/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-demokratiya-i-svoboda-budut-zahisheni-poki-yevropa-76297 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President at the opening of the 26th Annual Economist Government Roundtable 5 July 2022 - 12:31 View all videos n latest news President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Speech by the President at the opening of the 26th Annual Economist Government Roundtable 5 July 2022 - 12:25 The recovery of Ukraine is not only about what needs to be done after the victory, but also about what we and our partners should do now - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2022 - 22:13 At the conference in Lugano, Olena Zelenska announced the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 4 July 2022 - 21:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Sweden in Kyiv 4 July 2022 - 19:53 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Only by joint pressure on Russia in all spheres can the world force it to stop the war in Ukraine and the policy of aggression. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online conversation at the opening of the 26th Annual Economist Government Roundtable. "United Europe and the world, sanctions and diplomatic pressure - constant, daily - is an important "homework" to force Russia to seek peace," the Head of State said. He noted that the sanctions imposed on the Russian Federation will have a powerful impact on its economy when there are no exceptions to them. "All the sanctions that were adopted only strengthen the position of the world against the aggressive position of Russia. But this is not enough, because some people are constantly looking for business solutions. If all the sanctions introduced by the European Union, separately - by Britain, the US, Canada, Australia, the whole world - are implemented without exception, 100%, I am sure that it will not be easy for the world, but it will be very difficult for Russia - it will stop this war," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President separately emphasized that the world community should understand that the specified restrictions are being introduced against Russia not only because of its aggression in Ukraine, but also, in particular, because it violates and neglects the fundamental principles of international law. "This is not only because of Ukraine, but also because of violations of international law, violations in the attitude towards democracy, freedom of speech, people's rights, etc. Sanctions have been imposed on the Russian Federation due to the violation of these principles, and they must be continued," said the Head of State. He emphasized: if Russia is not stopped in Ukraine, it will continue to pursue its aggressive policy. The President stressed that all the crises the world is currently facing were artificially created by the Russian state. In addition, according to him, the Russian Federation is investing heavily in the maximum mobilization of its disinformation policy against Ukraine. "It is difficult to fight this. My voice, the voice of our society is not enough for this, we need the voice of a united Europe. Therefore, as long as Europe and the whole world can support us, democracy and freedom will be protected. As long as Europe understands that this is not a war in Ukraine, but a war in Europe, and we are the "fence" that protects Europe with our lives; as long as they feel it as painfully as we do, as long as Europe can feel it - that's how long we will be able to hold on, and there will be a chance to defeat Russia," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine