13 captures 18 Mar 2023 - 19 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230321015941/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-hochemo-shob-usi-amerikanci-zrozumili-sho-peremoga-ukrayi-81649 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:38 View all videos n latest news Today we have several important defense decisions what is necessary to support our warriors – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2023 - 21:36 First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 The Ukrainian Center, established at the initiative of Olena Zelenska and Diana Nausėdienė, has been operating in Vilnius for over nine months now 20 March 2023 - 14:11 Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We want all Americans to understand that Ukraine's victory is in the interests of the United States - Andriy Yermak 16 March 2023 - 21:58 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that today Ukraine and the United States have become strategic partners and true friends. He said this during a meeting with American entrepreneur, philanthropist and owner of The Atlantic magazine Laurene Powell Jobs, the magazine's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg and journalist Anne Applebaum. According to him, Ukraine greatly appreciates the support of the U.S. government and the entire American people. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine, with the help of the United States and NATO countries, has shown that Russia is not as powerful and scary as many believed. "Our country - and this is the principled position of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy - does not intend to stop and will continue to liberate the territories temporarily occupied by the aggressor, and for this we need weapons and ammunition first of all," he said. Andriy Yermak noted that it is extremely important to maintain a high level of support for Ukraine so that partners believe in our victory as much as Ukrainians do. "Our task is to communicate with American society at all levels so that Americans feel that Ukraine's victory is in the interest of the United States," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. He also reminded that during the full-scale war, thousands of Ukrainian children were illegally taken to Russia. Andriy Yermak drew attention to the fact that there is no mechanism in the world that would ensure the return of such children to their homeland, to their families, and Ukraine is now actively working in this direction. "This is a clear manifestation of genocide. Russia's plan in this war is to destroy the Ukrainian nation. They believe that we have no right to exist," the Head of the Presidential Office is convinced. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine