2 captures 19 Mar 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230319141534/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-predstavnikami-ukrayinskih-ta-ino-81177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:26 View all videos n latest news When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Today, our youth have huge opportunities to declare themselves and do a lot for Ukraine in the world – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with students of the Institute of International Relations 17 March 2023 - 21:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media 23 February 2023 - 09:44 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with journalists from Ukrainian and foreign media. He emphasized that today, thanks to the diplomatic leadership of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the topic of Russia's aggressive war against our country remains in the focus of world attention. Andriy Yermak spoke about the results of U.S. President Joseph Biden's historic visit to Kyiv on February 20 and his meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "It is extremely important that we and our American partners have the same understanding of what Ukraine's victory is. This is the restoration of the full territorial integrity of our state within internationally recognized borders," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Andriy Yermak noted that the personal commitment of the U.S. President to help Ukraine and Ukrainians is very important for our country. The Ukrainian state is also extremely grateful for the bicameral and bipartisan support in the U.S. Congress, which was further evidenced by Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent meeting with the House of Representatives delegation of Republican members led by Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs Michael McCaul. According to the Head of the President's Office, Ukraine seeks to set the tone in the international arena, so proposals - the Kyiv Security Compact - have been prepared on security guarantees for our country before it becomes a full member of NATO. An international working group headed by Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen worked on it. "Today it is on the table of every world leader. Mr. Rasmussen has been advocating this document very well, he has visited many countries, and his voice is heard," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Ukraine is also actively working in the framework of an ongoing diplomatic marathon to get as many countries as possible to support Volodymyr Zelenskyy's proposed Ukrainian Peace Formula. "I want everyone to find the reason why it is important for them that the war in Ukraine ends. And ends on the terms we see for ourselves," said Andriy Yermak. Speaking about sanctions against Russia, he noted that new packages of sanctions restrictions are harder to implement, particularly for the European Union. Therefore, it is extremely important to work to ensure that European societies feel that the threat from Russia is greater than the difficulties that arise from the imposition of sanctions. In addition, we need to focus on making the sanctions as painful and effective as possible. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of continuing the implementation of the Grain Initiative and the President's program Grain from Ukraine, which is important for our country and the world in terms of ensuring food security. "We hope that this initiative will be continued. Our position is clear: we are doing everything that depends on us," he said. Andriy Yermak also emphasized that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team will continue to do everything possible to bring home all captured Ukrainian military and civilians, as well as children deported to Russia. The Head of the President's Office thanked the journalists for the meeting and their important work. "We continue to work to bring our victory closer. We continue to work to provide our Armed Forces with everything they need, because Ukraine's victory depends on it," Andriy Yermak emphasized at the end of the meeting. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine