1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=14 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – President's Office hosted the first meeting in extended format with G20 ambassadors 10 March 2021 - 21:28 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the Ambassadors of the G20 countries. From now on, such consultations will take place regularly. This year the President plans to visit Vilnius to participate in the Conference on Reforms in Ukraine - Deputy Head of the Office of the President 9 March 2021 - 18:30 Preparations are underway for the fourth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine, which was postponed from 2020 to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy plans to visit the event in Vilnius. This was announced by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva in an interview for the Lithuanian branch of the leading information agency of the Baltic region "Baltic News Service" (BNS). Yulia Svyrydenko: Ukraine and the United States must work together to protect democracy and freedom 6 March 2021 - 09:42 Ukraine is deeply interested in developing trade and investment cooperation with the United States. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yulia Svyrydenko during an online discussion with American and European politicians and experts organized by the American think tank Atlantic Council. Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations with the Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania 5 March 2021 - 17:13 At the invitation of the Lithuanian party, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held working consultations in Vilnius with Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine must become a part of NATO, because today it is an outpost of the struggle for democratic European values 5 March 2021 - 15:50 A sovereign, independent and stable Ukraine, firmly committed to democracy and the rule of law, is the key to Euro-Atlantic security, as stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during an online conversation with experts and journalists organized on Friday by the European Policy Center (Brussels). Ihor Zhovkva discussed preparations for the International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine with the Head of the Agency of Diplomatic Advisers to the President of Switzerland 25 February 2021 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Head of the Agency of Diplomatic Advisers to the President of Switzerland Térence Billeter. We expect an increase in the presence of Emirati companies in Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the Ukrainian-Emirati Coordination Council 25 February 2021 - 18:06 In furtherance of the agreements reached during the official visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United Arab Emirates, a meeting of the Ukrainian-Emirati Coordination Council was held in the format of a video conference. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak is convinced that the work of the Council will contribute to the further development and deepening of bilateral relations between the states. Diplomats are working on the preparation of the visits of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. and the Asian region - Ihor Zhovkva 25 February 2021 - 09:40 Work is underway to prepare a major Asian tour of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The final list of countries that the President will visit is currently being formed, Deputy Head of the President's Office Ihor Zhovkva said in an interview for one of the online media outlets. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine