9 captures 16 Jan 2023 - 04 Aug 2025 Dec JAN Feb 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230116214025/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-cnn-rozpovila-yak-ukrayinci-ne-day-80389 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We work every day and night to reduce the enemy's potential - address by the President of Ukraine 16 January 2023 - 22:18 View all videos n latest news We work every day and night to reduce the enemy's potential - address by the President of Ukraine 16 January 2023 - 22:17 President of Ukraine had a meeting with OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia 16 January 2023 - 19:18 Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the U.S. delegation headed by Deputy Secretary of State 16 January 2023 - 18:22 In an interview with CNN, Olena Zelenska told how Ukrainians do not let the aggressor intimidate them 16 January 2023 - 17:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region and meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania 11 January 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife In an interview with CNN, Olena Zelenska told how Ukrainians do not let the aggressor intimidate them 16 January 2023 - 17:58 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to one of the most famous American political commentators Fareed Zakaria on CNN. She told how Ukrainians live under constant Russian attacks and whether the aggressor will succeed in achieving his main goal - to intimidate and break the resistance of Ukrainian citizens. "Having held out for almost a year, we are able to hold out even longer. Of course, no one wants it to last so long, we want it to be over. But we are able to hold out," the President's wife said. She agreed with the host that the main goal of Russian terror is intimidation. "One of the goals they pursue by destroying the infrastructure of Ukraine is to make people say: "We are tired, we don't want to sit in the dark anymore, we are cold, our children are sick, please stop it, let's negotiate so that they stop bombing us." They did not achieve this goal," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The First Lady also told the American audience how Ukrainian children react to the war. "Our children can distinguish the sound when a missile flies, when a drone flies and when our air defense works. I am sure that no child in the world should know this. Our children grow up too early, and this is perhaps the most difficult thing emotionally - to see children with the eyes of an adult," she said. The President's wife also told how she creates emotional stability for her children: "We also try to maintain normality in the family: mom goes to work, children study. And it supports us. Studying is what keeps us together, what does not let us sit down and give up". The First Lady stressed the importance for parents to convey the value of education to their children when they do not understand why they should make efforts to study now. "It is worth telling the child that you have a brilliant future, you have to bring it closer. And even by studying you bring the victory closer. Because Ukraine needs smart, educated people to defend it," Olena Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine