1 capture 20 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240520121037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=20-05-2023&date-to=20-05-2024&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Occupier Fails to Achieve Its Goal of Stretching Our Forces Thin and Thus Weakening Ukraine – Address by the President 19 May 2024 - 19:21 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv Region 16 May 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Security Situation and Decentralization: Presidential Office Hosted a Meeting with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 22:02 Oleksiy Kuleba spoke in detail about the current security situation in Ukraine. Over the past week alone, Russia has fired more than 600 times at our cities and regions. First Lady of Ukraine Participated in the Conference on Mental Health in Serbia 13 May 2024 - 21:38 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska opened the Mental Health Conference during her visit to Belgrade, Serbia. Our Task is Crystal Clear – to Thwart Russia's Attempt to Expand the War – Address by the President 13 May 2024 - 19:53 In the Kharkiv region, our counterattacks are ongoing, we've provided reinforcement in that area, in particular, in Vovchansk and the border areas in general. Brigadier General Mykhailo Drapatyi is in charge of this direction directly on the ground, and he is provided with the necessary munitions and forces. Canada, Sweden and Luxembourg Will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 13 May 2024 - 19:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had phone calls with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau, Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson, and Prime Minister of Luxembourg Luc Frieden. They confirmed their attendance at the Global Peace Summit in Switzerland. The Voice of Churches Can Be a Powerful Force in the International Arena – Andriy Yermak 13 May 2024 - 17:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of the Lutheran World Federation. Ukrainian Peace Formula and Ukraine's Priorities in International Politics: Andriy Yermak met with Alexander Soros 13 May 2024 - 17:08 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak, met with American businessman, philanthropist, and chair of the Open Society Foundations, Alexander Soros. Olena Zelenska: Culture and Joint Humanitarian Projects Increase Mutual Understanding Between Ukraine and Serbia 13 May 2024 - 11:44 The First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, is visiting Belgrade at the invitation of the First Lady of Serbia, Tamara Vučić, to participate in a Conference on Mental Health. Special Attention Is Paid to the Kharkiv Region; Fierce Defensive Battles Are Ongoing on a Large Part of Our Border Area – Address by the President 12 May 2024 - 19:31 Defensive battles are never easy. Our warriors know what to do. It Is Important to Involve as Many Countries as Possible in the Global Peace Summit – Andriy Yermak in a Conversation with U2 Frontman 12 May 2024 - 15:59 Andriy Yermak urged Bono to support the idea of the Global Peace Summit and spread the word about it. After all, this event should lay the foundation for ending Russia's aggressive war against Ukraine, resolving all the crises caused by this war, and restoring the power of international law. Disrupting the Russian Offensive Intentions is the Number One Task Now – Address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2024 - 19:26 Today, the focus is primarily on the frontline – on the situation in our regions where the risks of the Russian offensive actions are the highest. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine