9 captures 07 Oct 2022 - 24 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221007104553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-vzyav-uchast-u-konferenciyi-ukrayina-pid-c-78349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:30 View all videos n latest news Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 We will never betray our people – Olena Zelenska in interview with 60 Minutes TV broadcast 7 October 2022 - 10:56 Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development 6 October 2022 - 20:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 Ukraine is counting on the support of international partners, including the expert environment, in the restoration of housing and social infrastructure destroyed due to the Russian invasion. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko said this while speaking online at the "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference, which took place in Warsaw (Poland). According to him, during the 225 days of the full-scale war, 94,596 destroyed infrastructure objects were recorded in various regions of Ukraine. Of them, there are more than 25,000 objects in Kyiv region, more than 20,000 in Donetsk region, and more than 9,000 objects in Kharkiv region. In particular, more than 74,000 residential buildings were destroyed. And new targets are being added every day as Russian shelling continues. "Unfortunately, Ukraine will not have enough financial resources to restore such a large amount of destroyed infrastructure. It will take us many years to rebuild thousands of schools, kindergartens, hospitals, energy and transport infrastructure facilities," Tymoshenko said. The deputy head of the President's Office said that despite the ongoing hostilities, the state cannot delay the restoration of housing in the de-occupied territories, because people cannot spend the winter in destroyed homes. As Tymoshenko said, for the rapid reconstruction of critical infrastructure, a Fast Recovery Plan was developed on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Head of the Office of the Head of State Andriy Yermak, which includes more than 38,000 objects with addresses. "This is what we need to do today so that our people can return home from evacuation," the deputy head of the President's Office said. According to him, currently the state budget has been used to restore more than 11,000 objects. That is, only 13% of what is needed is being repaired, because Ukraine is critically short of financial resources. To attract financial aid from foreign governments, agencies and international organizations, a decision was made to create the Fund for the Reconstruction of Ukraine – a financial institution that should become a tool for transparently obtaining and effectively using international aid for the reconstruction of infrastructure in Ukraine. As noted by Tymoshenko, the transparency of the Fund will be ensured through maximum control by the donor community, because 75% of its supervisory board will be representatives of donors. All the Fund's managers will be appointed by donors, and all its reports will be available to public. "We plan that the Fund will be fully launched at the end of November or the beginning of December this year," he said. The deputy head of the Office of the President also spoke about the operation of the electronic system for recording destructions in the country. Information in the system is updated daily. He expressed his conviction that this electronic database will help the Reconstruction Fund in its day-to-day operational activities. "We are very much counting on the support of our international partners, in particular the expert environment, and we will do everything in our power to return the usual peaceful life to all communities in Ukraine," Tymoshenko said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine