1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041648/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russia is trying to find its "wonder weapon", which indicates the complete failure of the invasion and the fear of admitting catastrophic mistakes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 23:42 Russia will come up with more and more "wunderwaffe" as the Armed Forces of Ukraine and all our defenders liberate our land step by step. Ukraine must get everything it needs to win, because prolonging the war is a risk for the whole world - Andriy Yermak on MSNBC 18 May 2022 - 22:52 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Russia's aggressive war against our country may end sooner if the Ukrainian army receives the weapons on which negotiations are underway and there are agreements with partner countries. Andriy Yermak talked online with American actor Robert De Niro and producer Jane Rosenthal 18 May 2022 - 22:36 Andriy Yermak thanked the Hollywood legend for his support of Ukraine and his position on the terrible war waged against our state by the Russian Federation. The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 The President's wife thanked the WHO for its support during the war, including assistance with equipment, machinery, medicines, and participation in the investigation of Russian war crimes against doctors and the destruction of institutions. President supported the initiative to establish the national brand UNITED 24, the first ambassador of which is Andriy Shevchenko 18 May 2022 - 16:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed Decree № 344/2022 on the establishment of the national brand UNITED 24 and congratulated the first ambassador of this brand - the legendary Ukrainian football player and coach Andriy Shevchenko. President presented the Golden Star orders to Ukrainian servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:34 "I want to thank you for defending our state, each and every one of us, protecting our homes, our land, our children, risking your life every day," he said. Along with the embargo on Russian oil, it is extremely important to stop its transportation by vessels under EU flags - Oleg Ustenko 18 May 2022 - 15:19 Russia will be able to circumvent EU sanctions and continue to earn crucial cash from its oil sales. That is why Ukraine insists on a ban on transporting Russian oil by EU-flagged vessels. This was stated by Adviser to the President of Ukraine on Economic Issues Oleg Ustenko in a comment to Politico. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatar Genocide 18 May 2022 - 13:52 In 1944, expelling the Crimean Tatars from their land, the then torturers were convinced that none of the displaced would return home, to Crimea. Now, trying to occupy Ukraine and destroy our lives, the current torturers of the people were also convinced that everything would work out for them and that we would not be able to endure it. And we endured. And we are struggling to bring life back to every corner of our home. And we are coming back. Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:24 They cannot demonstrate success with general military action in the areas where they are trying to advance. So they are trying to show success through their missiles and other activities. To no avail as well. Today there is a war for freedom again, and again it is necessary for cinematography not to be dumb - address by the President of Ukraine to the filmmaking community at the opening of the 75th Cannes International Film Festival 17 May 2022 - 23:48 We must finally win this battle. And we need cinematography that will provide just such a finale. So that every voice is on the side of freedom. And, as it has always been seen, first of all the voice of cinematography. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine