17 captures 14 Apr 2022 - 20 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Mark Graham Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham Collection: "Fake News" II (2019) Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham - Collection 12099: "Fake News" II (2019) TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220414071843/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/polsha-ta-krayini-baltiyi-ye-spravzhnimi-druzyami-ukrayini-j-74313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The future of Ukraine directly depends on the strength of our resistance in all its forms - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 April 2022 - 00:43 View all videos n latest news Either Russia will really seek peace, or it will leave the international arena forever as a result of this war - address by the President of Ukraine 13 April 2022 - 23:06 Poland and the Baltic states are true friends of Ukraine and are always the first in supporting our state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 April 2022 - 22:38 The McFaul-Yermak international expert group has developed an action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 13 April 2022 - 20:37 In Kyiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Presidents of Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia 13 April 2022 - 19:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Presidents of Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia 13 April 2022 - 18:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Poland and the Baltic states are true friends of Ukraine and are always the first in supporting our state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 April 2022 - 22:38 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the leadership of Poland, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia in the comprehensive support for Ukraine in the face of armed aggression by the Russian Federation. The President of Ukraine stated this to the media following the talks with the Presidents of the four countries in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that before the meeting, the leaders of Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia visited Bucha, Borodyanka and Dmytrivka in the Kyiv region, which were recently liberated from Russian occupation. "This means that it is very important for them to see with their own eyes what happened in these small towns that were burned and tortured. This is what we discussed today. And this is not about war - this is about something horrible, tragic, something incomprehensible," he said. The Ukrainian Head of State stressed that the leaders of Poland and the Baltic states have always been side by side with Ukraine and they have been the first in everything from the very beginning in terms of supporting our state. "The first to support Ukraine's desire to take its place in the European family. The first in the strong sanctions policy against the Russian Federation, which is being promoted in the EU countries. Even when we talk about weapons, armaments and equipping our army, the leaders of these countries were among the first,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President would like Ukraine to have the same friendly, partnership, honest and open strategic relations with all neighboring countries. "And I am confident that these four states will be the first in all pages of the future history of Ukraine. And we have a great future, because with such partners and friends we will definitely win," Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced. For his part, Polish President Andrzej Duda said the last time he visited Ukraine was the day before the Russian invasion. He noted that the current visit is a sign of solidarity with Ukraine and its heroic people. Andrzej Duda also stressed that currently about 2 million Ukrainians (mostly women and children) are in Poland to protect themselves from war and death. The President of the Republic of Poland said that today he saw with his own eyes the consequences of Russian aggression. "It's hard to believe. This is not war, this is terrorism. If someone sends aircraft and soldiers to bomb residential areas, to kill civilians, it is not war, but cruelty, banditry, terrorism," he said. Andrzej Duda stressed the importance of bringing those who committed crimes and who gave criminal orders to justice in international courts. The Polish leader noted that the sanctions applied must lead to the end of the war and prevent aggression in the future. He also expressed hope that a free, sovereign, independent Ukraine would soon become part of the European Union. President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda noted that the Ukrainian nation has shown its strength and determination in recent weeks and continues to demonstrate these qualities every day in battles. He also stressed that the Russian authorities must be held accountable for all heinous crimes committed by Russian soldiers in the Kyiv region. According to Gitanas Nausėda, Ukraine must win this war, and for this it needs support - military, armed, humanitarian, financial, economic. Gitanas Nausėda also called for tougher sanctions against Russia, including a full embargo on Russian oil and gas, sanctions against all Russian banks aimed to stop funding Vladimir Putin's war. The President of Lithuania also announced that they intend to create a hub of Ukrainian culture and education in Vilnius, which will work under the leadership of the First Ladies. "Lithuanians feel the Ukrainian pain. We know that Ukraine will win and prosper, and we will remain partners and close friends," Gitanas Nausėda assured. President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis stressed the need to push Russian troops further east to ensure peace in Europe. He also stated that he, together with all the Estonian people, deeply sympathizes with Ukraine over the horrors the Russian occupiers did to the Ukrainians. Alar Karis stressed that all these crimes must be investigated, and they must be taken into account when applying a new package of sanctions against Russia. However, according to him, since diplomatic efforts have not helped avoid armed confrontation, Ukraine must receive assistance in the form of necessary weapons. President of the Republic of Latvia Egils Levits noted that the process of bringing the aggressor to justice for war crimes committed against Ukrainians is already underway in international courts. "I support the need for a special court or tribunal that will deal with the crime of aggression. Because so far there is no such international court where one can be convicted for such a crime with such a composition," he said. The President of Latvia is also convinced that Ukraine needs armed assistance now. "Ukraine is fighting for us, and it is our duty to help by all means, weapons, so that Ukraine can defend itself from the enemy," said Egils Levits. The Latvian leader noted that today all NATO member states must help Ukraine with effective weapons. In addition, the Republic of Latvia can help with grain exports. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Presidents of Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia 13 April 2022 - 18:41 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Presidents of Poland, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia 13 April 2022 - 18:41 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine