1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032439/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=42 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine: We are working to release both military and civilians from captivity 24 April 2023 - 16:31 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that more than 2,230 people have already been released from Russian captivity, and Ukraine is constantly working to free all servicemen and civilians who are still in captivity. Estonia can rest assured that the victory of Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation will be a guarantee of a historic outcome for all the nations of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with Kaja Kallas in Zhytomyr 24 April 2023 - 16:21 During a working trip to the Zhytomyr region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Kaja Kallas, who arrived in our country on a visit. President held a meeting with the EBRD President 21 April 2023 - 16:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Odile Renaud-Basso. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 April 2023 - 14:21 The members of the Staff continued to consider the issue of establishing the production of rockets and ammunition by domestic enterprises and improving the efficiency of the repair of armored vehicles, artillery and other weapons. Declaration of International Summit of Cities and Regions 20 April 2023 - 23:04 We, the participants of the summit, recognizing the special importance of uniting around the values of democracy and freedom, declare our determination, with joint efforts, to help build a peaceful, democratic and prosperous future, to promote the establishment of a comprehensive, just and sustainable peace in Ukraine to ensure international security and stability of the whole world. President of Ukraine and the NATO Secretary General took part in the International Summit of Cities and Regions held in Kyiv 20 April 2023 - 22:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg took part in the International Summit of Cities and Regions, which took place on April 19-20 in Kyiv at the initiative of the Head of State. President of Ukraine held a meeting with the Mayor of Paris and the President of the European Committee of the Regions 20 April 2023 - 20:49 As part of the International Summit of Cities and Regions, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Mayor of Paris Anne Hidalgo and President of the European Committee of the Regions Vasco Cordeiro. We consider Jens Stoltenberg's visit to Kyiv a sign that NATO is ready to start a new chapter in relations with Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the negotiations in the capital 20 April 2023 - 14:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who arrived in our country on a visit. President held a meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the Volyn region 19 April 2023 - 15:09 During the meeting, reports were heard on the situation in the area of responsibility of the “Volyn” operational group of troops and the readiness of military units to perform tasks, as well as on measures to reinforce the state border within the Volyn region. President observed the arrangement of the state border of Ukraine in Volyn 19 April 2023 - 14:47 During a working trip to the Volyn region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the border area where the borders of three states are adjacent: Ukraine, the Republic of Poland, and the Republic of Belarus. 1 2 ... 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine