14 captures 13 Jun 2023 - 15 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. Collection: top_domains-00500 TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230613235931/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/micnist-nashih-voyiniv-daye-rezultat-i-ya-dyakuyu-za-ce-kozh-83561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together with our partners, we must ensure such physical conditions that make Russian terror impossible - address by the President of Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 22:51 View all videos n latest news Together with our partners, we must ensure such physical conditions that make Russian terror impossible - address by the President of Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 22:46 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 13 June 2023 - 20:36 Head of State met with IAEA Director General 13 June 2023 - 20:20 President discussed possible scenarios of establishing a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 19:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada in Kyiv 10 June 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The strength of our warriors yields results, and I thank everyone who is now in combat for this - address by the President of Ukraine 12 June 2023 - 22:21 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! I held a meeting of the Staff today. The key reports were from the commanders of the operational directions that are the most important and hottest - Khortytsia and Tavria. The battles are fierce, but we are moving forward, and this is very important. The enemy's losses are exactly what we need. Although the weather is unfavorable these days - the rains make our task more difficult - the strength of our warriors still yields results, and I thank everyone who is in combat now, everyone who supports our combat brigades in the relevant areas. Generals Syrskyi and Tarnavskyi reported today on the successes we have already achieved, on the points of the front where we need reinforcement, and on the actions that can break more Russian positions. Thank you to our guys for every Ukrainian flag that is now returning to its rightful place in the villages of the newly de-occupied territory! Thank you also for the significant replenishment of our exchange fund! There was a report from the Commander-in-Chief on the general situation, and from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Security Service of Ukraine on stabilization measures in the de-occupied territory. We are working very actively to supply the necessary weapons and ammunition. There was also an intelligence report on the enemy's options. We are maintaining and strengthening our operational dominance. I am particularly grateful for Bakhmut as we are increasing our control in this area. Today's meeting also included a final report on the readiness and non-readiness of shelters across the country, in major cities and in Kyiv. Ministers Klymenko, Kamyshin and Kubrakov reported. The results are disappointing, to say the least. On Friday, relevant draft decisions will be prepared - both on those responsible and on ensuring an adequate level of protection for our people in all Ukrainian cities. I also held several meetings on our international activities. This week, as always, will be very meaningful. First, we are preparing new weapons support from our partners for our warriors. Second, we are preparing to involve more global actors in the implementation of the Peace Formula. Third, we are working to make the Vilnius Summit truly meaningful. I'll let you know every detail. And one more decision worth mentioning. The title of Hero of Ukraine has been posthumously awarded to Lieutenant Colonel of the Security Service of Ukraine Vasyl Bohach. For extraordinary personal bravery, for repeatedly detaining and eliminating enemy saboteurs. For the defense of Mariupol and for such heroism and self-sacrifice, which leave no other option for Ukraine and Ukrainians but victory. Glory to all who are fighting for Ukraine! Thank you to each and every one who is now in combat, at combat posts and on combat missions! We are moving forward step by step! We believe in victory. It will come! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine