1 capture 03 Aug 2024 Jul AUG Sep 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240803134053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-07-2023&date-to=31-07-2024&page=186 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine has started negotiations with the US on bilateral agreement on security commitments 3 August 2023 - 22:48 These security commitments will reinforce Ukraine’s progress towards future membership in the Euro-Atlantic community, including the EU and NATO, which is the ultimate goal and the most reliable guarantee of security. Everyone must work for the victory, for the protection of people and Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 August 2023 - 21:45 There were many meetings today. Different ones. International work, internal security, defense of the state. We are working to have more air defense systems. In particular, this is a task for each of our ambassadors, all representatives of Ukraine. Olena Zelenska: Spouses of Ukrainian diplomats are becoming a separate effective force 3 August 2023 - 14:02 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with representatives of Spouses of Ukrainian Diplomats Association. President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Speaking to the ambassadors, the President's wife thanked them for their cooperation, in particular in the preparation of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held in Ukraine in September. Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 Relocation of business and creation of new jobs in different communities of the region is an important area of work. Facilities for the rehabilitation of our warriors are the right projects. Many initiatives to develop the economy of Zakarpattia. President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the economic, social and security situation in the region. President: Our goal is to return people home, preserve their ties with Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 21:09 One of the mandatory tasks of Ukrainian diplomats around the world is to protect Ukrainians. The embassies of Ukraine should be assistants to our people and, if necessary, rescuers. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine held in Zakarpattia region. Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. President: Weapons and sanctions are among the top priorities of Ukrainian diplomats 2 August 2023 - 20:36 The Head of State emphasized that the Ukrainian troops need effective air defense systems, long-range weapons, including ATACMS, equipment and scarce munitions, as well as F-16 aircraft. 1 2 ... 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine