13 captures 26 Jan 2022 - 16 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214163224/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-z-radnikom-prezidenta-rumuniyi-bezpek-72553 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President started a meeting with the German Chancellor who is on a visit to Ukraine 14 February 2022 - 13:16 President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva discussed security situation and European integration aspirations of Ukraine with adviser to the President of Romania 26 January 2022 - 20:40 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Adviser of the Romanian President on European Affairs Luminiţa -Teodora Odobescu. Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor about the current security situation in Donbas and along the borders of Ukraine. He stressed the importance of maintaining a balanced and coordinated position of our country's international partners and praised Romania's strong support for Ukraine. "I sincerely thank the official authorities of Romania for their strong statements in support of Ukraine and the corresponding active efforts of our Romanian partners within the EU and NATO," said Ihor Zhovkva. The current security situation in the Black Sea and Ukraine's initiatives aimed at intensifying practical cooperation to strengthen security in the region were discussed. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the implementation of Ukraine's European integration strategy. Diplomatic advisers exchanged views on the importance of giving a European perspective to Ukraine and fixing Romania's support for this idea. Ihor Zhovkva noted Bucharest's effective support for our country's Euro-Atlantic aspirations. The parties stressed the importance of inviting Ukraine to the next NATO Summit in Madrid in 2022 and fixing concrete steps to further bring our country closer to the Alliance following this summit. Ihor Zhovkva and Luminiţa -Teodora Odobescu discussed the state of development of a number of bilateral projects, including in the field of infrastructure and cross-border cooperation. The interlocutors also praised the mutual steps of Ukraine and Romania aimed at enhancing bilateral cooperation in the areas of common interest. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine