8 captures 19 Sep 2020 - 21 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324182114/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-stavimosya-do-kozhnogo-investora-yak-do-perlini-volodimir-63613 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:26 View all videos n latest news Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Riksdag in Sweden 24 March 2022 - 14:18 NATO can still prevent the deaths of Ukrainians from Russian strikes by providing weapons - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 March 2022 - 13:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We treat every investor like a pearl - Volodymyr Zelenskyy in talks with the Federal President of the Republic of Austria 15 September 2020 - 17:02 During an official visit to the Republic of Austria, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with Federal President of Austria Alexander Van der Bellen. The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to the Republic of Austria for supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and a solidary position on sanctions against Russia. The Federal President of Austria stated that he knows that the peace agreement is not fully observed, but the fact that the regime of silence has been maintained and people are not dying is already a great progress. He expressed hope for further promotion of peace initiatives to end the war in Donbas. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that it is important to continue negotiations in the Normandy format for that. "We have not managed to return our territories yet, but a big step is a regime of silence. There were attempts to disrupt it, but we managed to continue. We are waiting for a meeting of advisors, and then the leaders of the countries of the Normandy format," the President of Ukraine said. The interlocutors discussed the measures taken by both countries to contain the COVID-19 pandemic and overcome its negative consequences. The importance of coordinating international efforts for the medical and social protection of citizens was emphasized. "We are ready for mass production of the vaccine when it is created. We always offer our capacities for this. In Ukraine, this proposal was made by two private companies. We very much hope that the vaccine will be available in 2021,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. In this context, the parties also discussed the importance of restoring the positive dynamics of bilateral trade and the need to intensify the existing mechanisms of practical cooperation, in particular in the trade, economic and investment spheres. The President of Ukraine said that a large number of interesting infrastructure projects are being implemented in our country. He informed of the "Great Construction" program, under which more roads are being built this year than in the last decade. “We need your highly qualified specialists in infrastructure projects. We have tunnel construction projects. I know that you are at a very high level in this area. I sincerely invite you to implement joint projects with Ukraine in our country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy urged. Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine Vladyslav Krykliy gave more details about infrastructure projects. He spoke about the development of the railway industry, successful concession projects, the creation of a state air carrier and the development of the road industry. "Localization of projects in Ukraine is very important for us, because it means job creation," Vladyslav Krykliy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Ukraine is currently implementing the reforms it has been waiting for all the years of independence. In particular, land, judicial reform, the reform of the Prosecutor General's Office. The President also said that decentralization reform is in its final stages and is one of the most successful in Ukraine. He also noted that the IT industry offers an attractive low tax rate of only 5%. Volodymyr Zelenskyy urged to gather interested Austrian business and demonstrate everything in Ukraine. In addition, he said that today Ukraine pays special attention to the development of tourism. The President of Ukraine believes that the Austrian experience and investments would be extremely useful for the creation of ski resorts in our country. The President of Ukraine informed the Austrian party about the steps taken by the Ukrainian authorities to improve business conditions and create opportunities for attracting foreign investment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke in detail about the project of the so-called investment nannies, due to which every foreign investor who is ready to invest $ 30 million receives favorable conditions for paying VAT, state guarantees and an individual manager. "We treat every investor like a pearl. I often hold meetings with them myself if problems arise, and control their solution," the President of Ukraine stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also informed that a bill on inland water transport has already been submitted to the Verkhovna Rada, which will create additional incentives to attract investors. After all, the adoption of this law will allow the intensification of transportation on inland waterways. Separately, the Head of State noted that this type of transportation is environmentally friendly and very developed in Austria. It is planned to expand bilateral contacts of relevant departments and business circles of Ukraine and Austria. ph Official visit to the Republic of Austria 15 September 2020 - 13:10 ph Official visit to the Republic of Austria 15 September 2020 - 13:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine