1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055355/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=78 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President and his wife honored the memory of Taras Shevchenko 9 March 2021 - 09:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena honored the memory of Taras Shevchenko on the occasion of the 207th anniversary of a prominent Ukrainian poet and artist. President to take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism" on March 9 8 March 2021 - 12:10 On March 9, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism". The state needs education to train competitive professionals - President 4 March 2021 - 19:16 The strategy for the development of education and science and the protection of veterans' rights was discussed at a meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. "The state needs a new quality of management. We need to find a format for students to gain knowledge and experience so that Ukraine can prepare a layer of strong, competitive professionals, including strong management," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. President received credentials from the ambassadors of Vietnam, Brazil and Italy 4 March 2021 - 16:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the ambassadors of Vietnam, Brazil and Italy. The Head of State hopes to further intensify cooperation with these states at all levels for the good of citizens. We have to breathe new life into the Ukrainian village - President 4 March 2021 - 15:30 The village reform and the implementation of the New Village program were discussed at a meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukraine must have a modern and safe infrastructure - President 3 March 2021 - 20:26 Розвиток інфраструктури та енергетичного сектору обговорили на нараді під головуванням Президента України Володимира Зеленського, у якій взяли участь керівник Офісу Глави держави Андрій Єрмак, заступники керівника Офісу Президента Юлія Свириденко та Кирило Тимошенко, Прем’єр-міністр Денис Шмигаль, міністр інфраструктури Владислав Криклій, виконувач обов’язків міністра енергетики та вугільної промисловості Юрій Вітренко, голова Комітету Верховної Ради з питань енергетики та житлово-комунальних послуг Андрій Герус, голова Комітету Верховної Ради з питань транспорту та інфраструктури Юрій Кісєль, радник Прем'єр-міністра України Кирило Криволап. The state must protect whistleblowers and fighters against corruption - President 3 March 2021 - 20:07 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy returned the Law “On Amendments to the Law of Ukraine “On Prevention of Corruption” Concerning the Regulation of Certain Issues of Protection of Whistleblowers” approved on February 4, 2021 to the Verkhovna Rada with his proposals. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Charles Michel discussed energy security, vaccination and bilateral cooperation 3 March 2021 - 14:01 During the talks between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel, a wide range of issues on the agenda were discussed. Ukraine greatly appreciates the comprehensive assistance of the EU, we have ambitious goals for our near future - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with Charles Michel 3 March 2021 - 13:47 The support of the European Union is important for Ukraine's efforts on a peaceful settlement in Donbas and putting the issue of the return of Crimea on the international agenda. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with President of the European Council Charles Michel in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with the President of the European Council 3 March 2021 - 11:27 Negotiations between President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel, who is on a visit to Ukraine, have begun at the Mariyinsky Palace in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine