9 captures 17 Nov 2022 - 10 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221117211615/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nizka-krayin-opinilasya-na-mezhi-novogo-golodu-same-tomu-sho-79217 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:20 View all videos n latest news If the world works in unity, famine will be defeated – address by the President of Ukraine 17 November 2022 - 22:19 Ihor Zhovkva held video consultations with the Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of Montenegro 17 November 2022 - 16:34 A number of countries found themselves on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started a war of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting on the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative 17 November 2022 - 15:56 Challenges of the war spurred the development of technology in Ukraine, decreased the influence of Russia on the economy and reduced the level of corruption - President 17 November 2022 - 14:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office A number of countries found themselves on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started a war of aggression against Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at a meeting on the implementation of the Grain from Ukraine initiative 17 November 2022 - 15:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the working group on providing aid to the countries suffering from an acute food crisis. The meeting was also attended by representatives of the Office of the President, ministries and departments, ambassadors of Ukraine, foreign diplomats accredited in our country and representatives of international organizations. Andriy Yermak noted that President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced the launch of the Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program while participating in the G20 summit. This initiative is aimed at alleviating the suffering of peoples and overcoming the food crisis caused by Russian armed aggression against Ukraine. First of all, we are talking about the countries of the African continent and Asia. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that the issue of overcoming the food crisis is among the points of the Ukrainian plan, which the Head of State presented at the summit. "There is one point there about food security and the right of every person not to die of hunger because someone in the Kremlin decided to take away other people's territories," he stated. "Today, all these countries are on the brink of a new famine precisely because Russia started this war of aggression against Ukraine," emphasized Andriy Yermak. According to him, the Grain from Ukraine initiative is also important in the context of confirming the status of our country as a guarantor of global food security. "It is very important that the international community knows exactly who is saving the world from hunger today. It is very important that not only Ukraine, but also partners know this," said the Head of the President’s Office. He added that Ukraine is ready to implement this program together with partners whose extensive experience will enable it to be done in a timely and efficient manner. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha noted that several states have already decided to participate in the initiative and are ready to become its donors. In particular, Belgium, Germany and Poland have confirmed the financing of dispatch of ships with grain, which are headed for or have already arrived in the countries in need of food. The representative of the President's Office also noted that preliminary confirmations were provided by Japan, Türkiye and the United States. Andriy Sybiha called on all participants of the meeting to consider the issue of participation in the initiative of Ukraine. Ambassador of Germany Anka Feldhusen noted that her country is willing to continue financing the dispatch of grain ships to countries that need it. Ambassador of Türkiye Yağmur Ahmet Güldere said that his country welcomes and supports the Grain from Ukraine initiative and is currently considering how exactly it can help in its implementation. He also assured: Türkiye will continue its efforts to ensure further work of the "grain corridor". Ambassador of the People's Republic of China to Ukraine Fan Xianrong noted that the PRC welcomes the steps aimed to guarantee global food security and appreciates the efforts that help alleviate the crisis situation, in particular, the extension of the grain agreement. Representatives of the US Embassy in Ukraine also expressed their support for the Ukrainian initiative and declared willingness to work with our country and partners to make it successful. Andriy Yermak thanked the partners for what their countries are doing for Ukraine and our citizens, and expressed hope that we will celebrate the great Ukrainian victory together. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine