1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031826/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=47 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine holds talks with Prime Minister of Croatia 31 March 2023 - 17:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia Andrej Plenković, visiting our country. Humanity should remember every Ukrainian city, which heroism, resilience give a future to all who value life – President on the occasion of the anniversary of Bucha de-occupation 31 March 2023 - 17:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu, Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic Eduard Heger, Prime Minister of Slovenia Robert Golob, and the Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković took part in events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of the city of Bucha in Kyiv region from the Russian invaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Slovakia 31 March 2023 - 15:08 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Eduard Heger discussed in detail the issue of countering Russia's armed aggression against Ukraine and further cooperation between Kyiv and Bratislava both at the bilateral level and on international platforms. President and heads of foreign states and governments honored the memory of Bucha residents killed during the Russian occupation 31 March 2023 - 13:41 On the anniversary of the liberation of Bucha (Kyiv region) from the Russian invaders, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in commemorating the residents of the city killed during the Russian occupation. President of Ukraine held a meeting with the Prime Minister of Slovenia 31 March 2023 - 13:35 The President informed the Prime Minister of Slovenia about the situation at the front and emphasized that the continuation of effective and active defense support of Ukraine by all partners and allies is more important than ever. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Rheinmetall delegation 30 March 2023 - 17:16 The President emphasized the need for further deepening and intensification of the partnership in order to meet the urgent needs of the defense forces of Ukraine and to significantly strengthen the defense capabilities of our country in the future. Famous British adventurer Bear Grylls will promote the “Rebuild Ukraine” direction as a UNITED24 ambassador 29 March 2023 - 18:00 Famous British traveler Bear Grylls joined the United24 fundraising platform of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and will promote the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction. He became the first British ambassador of the platform. President held a coordination meeting regarding the security situation, reinforcement and protection of the state border in the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 16:44 In Sumy, under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a coordination meeting was held with the heads of armed forces and law enforcement agencies on reinforcement and protection of the state border and the security situation in the Sumy region. In the Sumy region, the President checked the readiness of border units to take action to protect the state border 28 March 2023 - 16:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also heard a report on the order of defense and protection of the border of Ukraine within the area of responsibility of the Sumy border detachment. In the Sumy region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the anniversary of the liberation of Trostyanets from the Russian invaders 28 March 2023 - 15:13 The Head of State noted that these days Ukraine is celebrating the anniversary of liberation of the cities and communities of the northern regions from the Russian invaders: Sumy region, Chernihiv region and Kyiv region. 1 2 ... 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine