1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926221523/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=26-09-2023&date-to=26-09-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:47 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 23:48 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 22:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine Is Committed to Cooperation and Fulfills All Obligations to the IMF – Iryna Mudra 7 September 2024 - 14:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra discussed with representatives of the International Monetary Fund mission the key reforms necessary for the fifth review of the EFF financing program. The Second Thematic Conference in the Wake of the Peace Summit Was Held on the Food Security 4 September 2024 - 21:55 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a thematic conference on the implementation of the agreements reached at the Global Peace Summit; the conference was dedicated to the implementation of the Food Security point of the Peace Formula. It was held online. The Office of the President Held Briefings for the U.S. Delegation on the Battlefield Situation, Ukraine's Arms Needs and Sanctions Against the Russian Federation 4 September 2024 - 21:45 The Ukrainian side held briefings for the U.S. delegation on the security situation in the face of Russia's full-scale aggression, the development of Ukraine's Defense Forces capabilities, and the sanctions policy. Ukraine and the United Nations Have Extended the Joint Preventive Plan Aimed at Ending and Preventing Grave Violations Against Children in Ukraine Amid War 3 September 2024 - 09:25 Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk, UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Ukraine Matthias Schmale and UNICEF Representative to Ukraine Munir Mammadzade signed an agreement to continue the cooperation between the Ukrainian government and the UN's National Task Force under the Joint Preventive Plan "Children and Armed Conflicts." In the United States, Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Military and Security Experts 31 August 2024 - 21:08 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with U.S. military and security experts. Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Vice President of the United States Philip Gordon. Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien. Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. Ukrainian Delegation Discussed with Lloyd Austin the Needs of the Defense Forces and the Joint Production of Weapons 30 August 2024 - 20:20 A Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko has begun its visit to Washington. The first meeting was held with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. Ukraine and Montenegro Have Initiated Consultations on a Bilateral Security Agreement 30 August 2024 - 18:46 The document aims to strengthen security in Europe and deepen cooperation between the two countries. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 40 41 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine