13 captures 13 May 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 13 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230513062338/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/namagannya-obijti-sankciyi-maye-viznachatisya-yak-odin-iz-na-82833 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Attempts to circumvent sanctions should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and peace – address of Ukraine's President 12 May 2023 - 18:20 View all videos n latest news Attempts to circumvent sanctions should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and peace – address of Ukraine's President 12 May 2023 - 18:19 The project of Ukrainian-language audio guides has been implemented in three more famous landmarks of the world 12 May 2023 - 16:12 Applications for awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine will be considered by an expert group under the Commission of State Awards and Heraldry – President’s decree 12 May 2023 - 12:40 Today, I approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming our law enforcement system – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2023 - 22:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 9 May 2023 - 14:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Attempts to circumvent sanctions should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and peace – address of Ukraine's President 12 May 2023 - 18:19 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! Today is a sanction day. Five sanctions packages have been approved, which we prepared very carefully these weeks in the NSDC, the Cabinet of Ministers, the Office, and our secret services. The first is a package related to Zaporizhstal. We block the influence of the terrorist state on this company, which existed thanks to various front and offshore persons. The shares controlled by Russia through one of the systemic banks will be confiscated and will work for the sake of Ukraine and Ukrainians. We won't leave any link of the terrorist state in Ukraine that it can use against our state, against our economy or against our people. In addition, sanctions packages have been approved that continue our course to isolate and block the Russian defense industry. Hundreds of individuals and legal entities of the terrorist state and those connected with Russia are becoming targets for global isolation. We are working very actively with our partners so that all those who actually produce this aggression, who give weapons, ammunition, equipment and technologies into the hands of terrorists – so that they are all crushed by the world. I'm thankful to everyone who helps Ukraine put pressure on Russia for this war, as well as block the terrorist state's attempts to circumvent sanctions. I am sure this should be defined as one of the gravest crimes against international law and international peace – trying to circumvent sanctions introduced to limit the resources of aggression, or assisting in these efforts. I held a meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief today. There were important reports by the commanders of task forces. I will especially note a report of General Syrsky and General Tarnavsky, commanders of the Khortytsia and Tavria air defense units, respectively. There was a report by Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny, Minister of Defense Reznikov, and Minister for Strategic Industries Kamyshin. What is important to understand now? The occupiers are already internally ready for defeat. They have already lost this war in their minds. We must put pressure on them daily so that their sense of defeat turns into their escape, their mistakes, their losses. I thank each and every one who destroys the enemy! I'm thankful to everyone who, despite any difficulties, returns our land to Ukraine! We are preparing to add even more weapons for you, warriors, to have even more opportunities to defeat the aggressor and restore peace. I spoke today with British Prime Minister Sunak. Thank you, Rishi, for your continued support and the steps which make it clear to the world that the UK will always lead the way. We discussed our current weapons cooperation, our next defense cooperation, and the diplomatic steps we must take together to bring our shared victory closer. To guarantee: whoever is the aggressor against the free world, he will end up with the same disgrace as the Kremlin. Glory to all our soldiers currently in battle, at combat posts and on combat missions! I thank everyone who trains our fighters! I thank everyone who treats and restores Ukrainian soldiers after injuries! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine