7 captures 23 Mar 2021 - 22 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050856/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-poslami-krayin-g7-ta-yes-i-zaklik-67285 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with G7 and EU ambassadors and urged them to support Ukraine in its efforts to return to the ceasefire in Donbas 22 March 2021 - 19:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with the Ambassadors of the G7 and the European Union to Ukraine, which took place in the format of a video conference. The key focus of the meeting was on the security situation in Donbas and peace talks. Andriy Yermak informed the ambassadors about the results of the video conference of the political advisers to the leaders of the "Normandy Four", which took place on March 18. Despite Ukraine's active efforts to restore the ceasefire regime of July 27, 2020, the Russian party did not support Ukrainian initiatives and refused to hold an extraordinary meeting of the working group on security issues of the Trilateral Contact Group proposed by the Ukrainian party. The Head of the Office of the President thanked the representatives of France and Germany for their constructive position. "The establishment and strict observance of a sustainable and comprehensive ceasefire is a guarantee of the implementation of all important agreements reached by the leaders of the Normandy format, and a key point of the Minsk agreements. Therefore, first of all, a ceasefire should be provided," he said. According to Andriy Yermak, the Ukrainian party is ready at any time to hold further discussions in any format to make concrete decisions and return to an unconditional ceasefire, and then move on towards peace in Donbas. He informed the ambassadors about the establishment of the Center for Countering Disinformation in Ukraine, which will soon start working on the basis of the National Security and Defense Council. The establishment of the Center will be the first step in the implementation of the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to establish the headquarters of the International Office to Counter Disinformation and Propaganda in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak expressed hope for continued active cooperation with the G7 countries, as well as Ukraine's partners in the EU and NATO in combating disinformation and propaganda. Commenting on the incidents that took place during the mass rally near the Office of the President on March 20, he assured that the position of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy remains unchanged - all citizens of Ukraine have an unimpeded right to peaceful rallies, but what happened is not a peaceful protest. "People who came to Bankova Street were willing to provoke a conflict. What happened on Saturday is absolutely unacceptable for a democratic state that is at war and has won its right to freedom and independence at a very high price," he said. Andriy Yermak also informed the ambassadors of the G7 and the EU about the situation with the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, which is currently difficult, as in many countries around the world, but remains under control. He said that about 112,000 people have already been vaccinated in Ukraine. "Vaccination is extremely important, so we are doing everything to ensure that Ukrainians have an opportunity to receive the necessary vaccinations," said the Head of the President's Office. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine