59 captures 25 Nov 2022 - 18 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221125235516/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/klyuchove-zavdannya-cogo-tizhnya-energetika-zvernennya-prezi-79441 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The key task this week is energy – address of President 25 November 2022 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news The key task this week is energy – address of President 25 November 2022 - 22:05 Head of state inspects residential building in Vyshgorod damaged in Russian missile attack, visits Points of Invincibility 25 November 2022 - 20:18 Olena Zelenska joins 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign 25 November 2022 - 17:24 President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 25 November 2022 - 12:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The key task this week is energy – address of President 25 November 2022 - 22:05 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! The key task of today, as well as of other days this week, is energy. From Wednesday to today, it was possible to halve the number of people for whom electricity is cut off to stabilize the system. As of this evening, blackouts continue in most regions and in Kyiv. In total, more than six million subscribers. Almost 12 million subscribers were disconnected from the grid on Wednesday evening. Most of the problems are currently in the capital of Ukraine, as well as in Kyiv region, Odesa region, Lviv region, Vinnytsia region and Dnipropetrovsk region. Please, it is necessary to consume electricity sparingly in all regions, as before. If you don't have a power outage, it doesn't mean the problem is over. Please, if you have electricity, this does not mean that you can turn on several powerful electrical appliances at once. Spiked power draws are recorded every evening, which cause an increase in emergency blackouts. Now, as before, it is necessary to save energy. Points of Invincibility are deployed throughout the country. But I know that, unfortunately, not in all cities the local government has done a good job. In particular, there are many complaints in Kyiv. In fact, only the Points that are deployed at the base of the State Emergency Service and at the railway station of the capital are normally provided, and other Points still need to be improved, to put it mildly. Please pay attention. Kyiv residents need more protection. As of this evening, 600,000 subscribers have been disconnected from the grid in the city. Many Kyiv residents were without electricity for more than 20 or even 30 hours. I expect quality work from the mayor's office. No one will forgive anyone for desecrating the Kyiv Points of Invincibility. Please be more serious. As well as lies in reports of various levels. I was in Vyshgorod, Kyiv region today, where a Russian missile destroyed an apartment building and damaged the houses of an entire residential neighborhood. Six people have been killed then, dozens have been injured. My condolences to the families of the victims. We do everything to help and we help. I visited two Points of Invincibility in Vyshgorod: at the base of the State Emergency Service and at a local school. They are arranged exactly as it should be. In total, there are now more than 4,000 Points in the country, and it is the responsibility of each local leader to ensure that everything that should be there for people really works. I spoke today with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. I thanked her for the decision to provide a EUR 2.5 billion macro-financial assistance. They approved another EUR 0.5 billion by the end of the year and discussed the preparation of the support package for the next year. They also agreed on new steps in energy support for Ukraine. Today, I took part in the international symposium "The idea of Europe" in Lithuania. I called on the partners to take new steps for the sake of our joint victory and thanked Poland and the Baltic States for their principled stance to cap the price of exported Russian energy. I believe that the partners' proposals to introduce a more significant price restriction for Russian oil than was sounded this week are quite valid. In the evening, I signed another decree awarding our soldiers. Some 216 servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine were given state awards. I would especially like to mention the fighters of the 71st separate hunting brigade and the 24th Aidar assault battalion for their bravery and effectiveness in destroying the enemy and conducting counter-offensive actions. As well as the border guards of the Lviv and Mohyliv-Podilsky detachments, who are ferocious in defense of the Bakhmut and Avdiyivka directions. Thank you, warriors! Thank you to everyone who fights for our country! Who is doing everything to suppress the occupiers that are shelling, unfortunately, Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and our other cities. Thank you to everyone who works for Ukraine and Ukrainians! To everyone who brings heat, water, electricity and communication back to people. Glory to our indestructible people! Glory to all of you – well done! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine