34 captures 06 Dec 2022 - 15 Aug 2025 Nov DEC Jan 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221206003802/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-terorist-destabilizuye-zhittya-vsih-zupiniti-teror-ce-s-79657 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When a terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task - address by the President of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news When a terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task - address by the President of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:56 President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Montenegro signed the Joint Declaration on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:17 Volunteers are the most powerful part of the civil society of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the International Volunteer Day 5 December 2022 - 17:12 To get through the winter, we have to be even more resilient and even more united - address by the President of Ukraine 4 December 2022 - 21:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President and the First Lady of Ukraine to the "World of Skovoroda" exhibition in Kyiv 3 December 2022 - 18:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When a terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task - address by the President of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:56 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! A report on the day. The main result - 70 Russian missiles were launched, most of them were shot down. Kalibr, Kh-101, etc. I am grateful to all our warriors of the air commands "East", "South" and "Center". Well done! I am also grateful to our partners for the air defense systems we are currently using. Every downed Russian missile is concrete proof that terror can be defeated. But, unfortunately, we still cannot ensure complete security to our sky - there were several hits. Unfortunately, there are victims. As of this time, there are four people killed by Russian strikes today. My condolences to families and friends. Energy workers immediately started restoration. Maximum efforts are in the central regions of Ukraine, Odesa, Zaporizhzhia and Kharkiv regions. In many regions we had to switch to emergency shutdowns to stabilize the system. From Zakarpattia to Kyiv region, from Kirovohrad region to Sumy and Kharkiv regions. As of this evening, the biggest number of shutdowns is in Vinnytsia, Kyiv, Zhytomyr, Dnipropetrovsk, Odesa, Khmelnytskyi and Cherkasy regions. But we will do everything to restore stability. Russian terror again affects neighboring states. There are interruptions with electricity supply in Moldova again. And this once again proves that Russia's ability to carry out such massive terrorist attacks is a threat not only to Ukraine, but also to our entire region. At least. When one terrorist destabilizes everyone's lives, stopping terror is a joint task. Tonight I will talk about this in my address to the expert community of the American Institute for the Study of War and to all our friends in the United States. By the way, with today’s missile attack Russia marked the anniversary of the Budapest Memorandum. The fate of this document gives answers to many current questions about Russia. Simply signing something with these terrorists will not bring peace. They will certainly break any agreements reached with them. Giving up any element of someone else’s security to Russia means new war. Therefore a principled continuation of the existing policy of conscientious states of the world is necessary: it is only the dismantling of Russian terrorist capacities, liberation of all our territories and holding the murderers to account that will bring peace. I believe we will come to this. Another result of today is a new declaration of support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic course. This is the third such declaration. Today it was signed with Montenegro. After the Czech Republic and Belgium. We will complete this path step by step - we will persuade the Euro-Atlantic majority in favor of Ukraine. And not just in words, but in decisions. In decisions to support our accession to the collective security system. And one more thing Finally, a special award for extraordinary people appeared in Ukraine - for Ukrainian volunteers. "Gold Heart". Today, greeting the volunteer community, I named the first 50 teams and individuals who will receive this new award shortly. But this is far from a complete list of those who deserve it. The state should know how to be grateful and express gratitude. And it will. Glory to everyone who defends Ukraine! Gratitude to everyone who helps our state hold out against Russian terror! Eternal memory to everyone whose life was taken by terrorists! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine