1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025535/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=162 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Already today, many investors believe in the victory of Ukraine and want to come when the war ends - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 November 2022 - 09:34 After the victory in the war with Russia, the security issue in Ukraine will be resolved and rapid economic growth will begin, so Ukrainians will willingly return to their homeland from abroad. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives on the Day of Radio, Television and Communications Workers. Ukraine definitely did not send missiles to territory of Poland, participation of Ukraine in work of investigative group should be ensured – President 16 November 2022 - 22:22 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has emphasized that the participation of the Ukrainian side in the work of the joint investigative team to find out the circumstances of the missile hitting the territory of Poland near the border with our country during the massive missile attack on the territory of Ukraine by Russia should be ensured. We are returning everything to have normal life in Kherson region, Mykolaiv region – address of President of Ukraine 16 November 2022 - 21:48 We are doing everything to provide people with electricity, water, communications, financial and social services, and normal medicine as soon as possible. UN resolution on payment of reparations to Ukraine to become basis for compensation from aggressor country – Head of State 16 November 2022 - 21:36 The adoption of a resolution on the mechanism for reparation for damages caused to Ukraine as a result of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation by the UN General Assembly will become a political basis for the further transfer of Russian assets that are currently frozen in various countries of the world to our state. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with media representatives on the occasion of the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers. Any issues related to end of war in Ukraine should be discussed in public – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 November 2022 - 20:39 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that any issues related to negotiations on the end of the war in Ukraine should be brought to a public plane, and our country has already voiced its proposals for establishing peace at the G20 summit. The Head of State said this at a meeting with media representatives on the occasion of the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers. Symbol of irreversibility of changes in social relations: Olena Zelenska presents printed "Barrier-free Handbook" in Kyiv 16 November 2022 - 18:39 On the International Day of Tolerance, a presentation of the printed "Barrier-Free Handbook," a guide to correct communication, created at the initiative of First Lady Olena Zelenska, was held in Kyiv. Head of State meets with Vice President of World Bank 16 November 2022 - 18:29 The President expressed his gratitude to the World Bank and its management for the quick response to Ukraine's needs from the first days of the full-scale war, to threats to economic and macro-financial stability, and the budget deficit. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 November 2022 - 14:31 The parties analyzed information on the nature of damage caused by recent Russian missile strikes and considered the course of action to eliminate the consequences of these terrorist attacks. Take the Ukrainian defense experience to guarantee the security of your people - speech by the President of Ukraine during the participation in the "Digital Transformation" panel within the G20 summit 16 November 2022 - 09:21 Today, it is impossible to imagine life without computer networks, high-speed communication, the Internet, and even more so - without electricity. But your enemies may try to deprive you of just that. My good advice to you is to take Ukrainian defense experience in order to guarantee the safety of your people. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands 15 November 2022 - 23:31 The Head of State highly appreciated the consistent support for Ukraine from the government of the Netherlands and the personal efforts of Prime Minister Mark Rutte to counter Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine