7 captures 15 Dec 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241215075201/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-svidomij-cinichnij-rosijskij-teror-same-proti-lyudej-kozh-95017 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos n latest news Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:37 Many Countries and People around the World Are Supporting Ukraine Not Only with Their Sympathy, but also with Their Active Assistance – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Libelle 14 December 2024 - 14:02 Andriy Yermak Met with the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space 14 December 2024 - 09:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Evika Siliņa Discussed the Possibility of Training and Equipping Brigades by Ukraine's Allies 13 December 2024 - 22:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This Is a Deliberate, Cynical Russian Terror Aimed Specifically at Our People: Each Missile Targeted a Particular Energy Facility – Address by the President 13 December 2024 - 20:50 Dear Ukrainians! First of all – I thank the defenders of our skies. This was one of the largest Russian attacks against our energy sector today. 94 missiles of various types, both cruise and ballistic. 81 of them were shot down. In addition, almost 200 strike drones were launched. In general, we can see that the Russians aimed to overload our air defense, as they always do during such large-scale attacks. And they also specifically waited for the frosty weather to make things worse for the people. The strike was timed to coincide with the cold snap. This is a deliberate, cynical Russian terror aimed specifically at our people. Each missile targeted a particular energy facility, and thanks to the precision of our warriors and the reliability of our air defense systems, many facilities were protected. Currently, power engineers and repair crews are working in all regions – where it is needed. The system is being restored. Today, I held the first session of the Technology Staff – the format we promised to introduce to bring more innovation to our Defense Forces. And the very issue of enhancing the capabilities of our air defense was discussed at this Technology Staff. Defense against missiles, defense against “Shahed” drones. We require even greater capabilities to shoot down all this terrorist garbage. The session was attended not only by representatives of the army and the Security and Intelligence Forces, but also by arms manufacturers, scientists, people who know exactly what technological things can be done. We expect concrete decisions at the next session in this format. We will also involve other representatives of our defense industry. It is essential to involve more people, from the volunteer community, who have been helping the army become more technologically advanced for a long time. And technologies should address critical questions regarding the effectiveness of our units in combat operations. Greater technological capability means more lives saved. Today, I also spoke with our European friends. The President of Finland – I thanked him for supporting Ukraine and Ukrainians. A new support package, a defense package, is on the way. Finland is also preparing another package. We also agreed with President Stubb that Finland will work with our requests for additional air defense systems. We also focused on how to work more actively with our partners on security guarantees and bringing peace closer. I also had a conversation with the Prime Minister of Latvia. About our cooperation – at the bilateral level and in coordination with other Baltic and Nordic states. The JEF (Joint Expeditionary Forces) Summit is being prepared, a format for cooperation in Northern Europe, and British leadership is clearly visible there. Ukraine always joins in, and we discussed the need for our full participation – as a full-fledged member of these forces. I am grateful for the willingness to help us staff a brigade together with other partners in the Baltic and Nordic countries. We are already preparing for meetings in Brussels next week – with European leaders. And one more thing. There is a new defense package from the United States of America that includes, among other things, missiles for air defense, for HIMARS systems. As well as artillery. The package is worth 500 million dollars. I thank President Biden and both parties in Congress – everyone who supports our defense of life and people. Every time there are new Russian strikes against our country, we need – and this is an objective necessity – steps that send a clear message to Putin: his terror must not succeed. He is using missiles instead of seeking ways to end the war. It is war and intimidation that uphold the Russian "throne" under this individual. However, our partners should not be concerned with ensuring the stability of such individuals in Moscow; instead, they should focus on guaranteeing stability for themselves and for the world — stability and security that are only possible in peace. I am grateful to all those who are helping us to bring peace closer. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine