4 captures 28 Nov 2024 - 19 Jun 2025 Nov DEC Jan 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241214153648/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chleni-radi-fondu-prezidenta-ukrayini-z-pidtrimki-osviti-nau-94677 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:39 View all videos n latest news Today, We Already Have Preliminary Data That the Russians Have Begun to Use North Korean Soldiers in Their Assaults – Address by the President 14 December 2024 - 16:37 Many Countries and People around the World Are Supporting Ukraine Not Only with Their Sympathy, but also with Their Active Assistance – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Libelle 14 December 2024 - 14:02 Andriy Yermak Met with the EU Commissioner for Defense and Space 14 December 2024 - 09:11 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Evika Siliņa Discussed the Possibility of Training and Equipping Brigades by Ukraine's Allies 13 December 2024 - 22:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Board Members of the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports Presented Their Achievements for the Year 26 November 2024 - 21:26 The Board members of the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports discussed their achievements and approved the report on the Fund's activities. “It is crucial that the Fund not only generates productive areas of work but also operates in full alignment with the overall national educational strategy. We must consider the needs of our country at war and adjust the Fund's activities to meet these challenges,” said Olena Kovalska, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Olha Budnyk, Adviser – Commissioner of the President on the Fund, highlighted the program of scholarships and awards of the Head of State for talented youth. “This year, more than 80 talented young people received awards and scholarships from the President of Ukraine. Among them are winners of international and national Olympiads, who received UAH 100,000 and UAH 20,000, respectively, graduates who passed the NMT with the highest scores and received a scholarship of UAH 5,000 for one year, as well as 17 teachers who trained winners of international Olympiads and received awards of UAH 50,000,” said Olha Budnyk. According to her, since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, international partners have been involved in the Fund's projects. One of the initiatives, Safe Educational Environment, prepares educators to act in crises. The pilot project, which is based on the Israeli experience, is being implemented in 12 communities of the Zhytomyr and Odesa regions. The main goal is to create conditions for the safety of all participants in the educational process. The Fund also co-coordinates the Global Coalition of Ukrainian Studies, the establishment of which was announced by the First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska. The goal of this initiative is to consolidate efforts in the development of Ukrainian Studies around the world and to serve as a unifying center for initiatives in the field of Ukrainian Studies. Models for participation in the coalition have already been developed and negotiations with academic centers have begun. Institutions of higher education from the United States, the European Union, and Japan have expressed their intention to participate in this initiative. In total, there are 44 potential participants. Together with partners from the United Kingdom, the Twinning Initiative is developing a double degree program with local universities. In total, more than 100 partnerships have been established between Ukrainian and UK higher education institutions. Double degree programs have been launched in ten Ukrainian universities. In the near future, the Board will hold a series of meetings to determine the key areas of work for the coming year. It will focus on attracting the best foreign experience for Ukraine in education, science and sports, as well as popularizing Ukrainian Studies abroad. After that, the Fund will announce concrete competitive programs to finance support in the identified areas. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine