6 captures 29 Oct 2023 - 15 Sep 2025 Sep OCT Nov 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231029182323/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-na-malti-zustrich-iz-pomichnikom-derzha-86697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Peace Formula gradually, step by step, is becoming global – address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2023 - 20:33 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak meets with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:52 Andriy Yermak holds meetings with advisors to leaders and representatives of Italy, South Africa, Japan, Qatar, Bahrain, Switzerland, and Armenia in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:41 Statement of the co-chairs (Malta | Ukraine) on results of the meeting regarding key principles of peace for Ukraine 29 October 2023 - 16:50 During third advisors' meeting in Malta a proposal to create international coalition of states to facilitate return of Ukrainian children deported by Russia was made 29 October 2023 - 15:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak meets with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State in Malta 29 October 2023 - 18:52 During the third national security and foreign policy advisors' meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, held in Malta, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs James O'Brien. The participants discussed the comprehensive implementation of agreements on military and financial support for Ukraine in its fight against Russian aggression, which were reached between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the United States Joseph Biden during the Ukrainian leader's visit to Washington in September 2023. The head of the President's Office emphasized that despite new global challenges, U.S. assistance to Ukraine remains steadfast. Andriy Yermak said that before the onset of winter, it is critically important for our country to receive additional air defense to protect cities and critical infrastructure. In particular, the provision of the 49th defense assistance package of $150 million on October 26 demonstrates the continuity of such support. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to the U.S. President's administration for submitting a budget request to Congress for further military and financial support to our country. The importance of continuing bilateral dialogue on providing security guarantees to Ukraine was also highlighted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine