33 captures 14 Jul 2019 - 11 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220525134743/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/povne-oblashtuvannya-kpvv-na-adminmezhi-z-okupovanim-krimom-56421 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: Both Ukraine and Western countries need unity and self-confidence today 25 May 2022 - 15:24 The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:55 Olena Zelenska spoke about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 22:34 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Securing Europe panel in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 20:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Full equipment of the checkpoint on the administrative border with the occupied Crimea must be completed by December 20 – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2019 - 17:27 During a working trip to the Kherson region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Chonhar checkpoint on the temporary administrative border with the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. This is the first visit of the Head of State to the administrative border with the occupied Crimea since 2014. The President inspected the infrastructure of the checkpoint and the conditions in which people cross the administrative border. The Head of State spoke with the citizens who were heading to the occupied Crimea and the inhabitants of the neighboring districts. At the meeting on the implementation of the projects on the equipment of Chonhar and Kalanchak checkpoints, newly appointed Kherson RSA Head Yurii Husiev emphasized that people from the temporarily occupied territory should feel that Europe begins with the Kherson region. And this should be reflected in the quality of service and attention of officials and civil servants of all levels. "Since the beginning of occupation, people crossing the administrative border with Crimea suffer from the lack of proper infrastructure: unfortunately, high-quality infrastructure has not been created since 2014. Problems on the checkpoint are usually complex and require coordinated interaction of various executive authorities," he said. According to Yurii Husiev, the implementation of the project on the equipment of the checkpoint has the following risks: corruption, lack of funding, as well as violations by designers and general contractor of the contractual schedule of design and construction. The new RSA Head noted that the completion of the first stage of the equipment of the checkpoint (creation of restricted areas) was scheduled for November 15. The President stressed that the second final stage of the project - creation of service centers with bus terminals and administrative services centers - must be completed by December 20 of this year. "Let it be December 20. That will be enough. Otherwise, the new governor will remain in the past. It's fair," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. At the same time, the participants of the meeting informed the President that already allocated 100 million hryvnias would be enough for the first stage of the project. However, the state budget still has not provided 70 million hryvnias for the second stage. The Head of State promised to help ensure full funding of the project on the equipment of the checkpoint. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine