24 captures 29 Sep 2024 - 24 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240929181557/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/blizko-sotni-kerovanih-aviabomb-kozhnogo-dnya-vikoristovuye-93585 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Day, Russia Uses About a Hundred Guided Aerial Bombs Against Ukraine – Address by the President 29 September 2024 - 20:22 View all videos n latest news Every Day, Russia Uses About a Hundred Guided Aerial Bombs Against Ukraine – Address by the President 29 September 2024 - 20:18 President's Visit to the U.S. Was Challenging yet Crucial and Successful – Andriy Yermak 29 September 2024 - 17:52 President Honored the Memory of Babyn Yar Victims 29 September 2024 - 14:20 We Received Full Support for Our Strategy of Approaching Peace – Peace Through Strength – Address by the President 28 September 2024 - 21:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the Events on the 83rd Anniversary of the Babyn Yar Tragedy 29 September 2024 - 14:30 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Every Day, Russia Uses About a Hundred Guided Aerial Bombs Against Ukraine – Address by the President 29 September 2024 - 20:18 Dear Ukrainians! Today in Zaporizhzhia, 14 people were injured following a Russian strike. The rubble is being cleared all day long. 2 people were rescued from under the rubble. The aerial bombs hit ordinary residential buildings, ordinary city facilities. Today, Russians also struck Kharkiv, Donetsk, and Sumy regions with guided aerial bombs. In Hlukhiv, several residential buildings were damaged. In the Kharkiv region, apartment buildings, energy and medical infrastructure were damaged. And it is a daily Russian terror. Every day, Russia uses about a hundred guided aerial bombs against Ukraine. And this is a constant reminder to all our partners who can help that we need more long-range capabilities for Ukraine, we need more air defense for Ukraine, we need more sanctions against Russia. Now, this week, during our various talks in America, our position and arguments have been heard in as much detail as possible. So that there are no more questions. And the teams – ours and those of our partners – have already begun preparing for “Ramstein.” In a week and a half, in October, at “Ramstein,” we have to decide, together with other leaders, on common steps and a common vision of the ways to increase pressure on Russia for this war and for the sake of peace. A just peace. Today, I would like to especially acknowledge our people who have been saving lives and helping all those suffering from Russian attacks throughout this time. I extend my gratitude to the entire team of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, especially to Oleksiy Sukhorukov, Andriy Pavlenko, Ostap Tretiak, Ihor Koriahin, and Dmytro Borodatyi – employees of the SES in the Zaporizhzhia region, one of the most challenging areas. Also, our Dnipropetrovsk region: Volodymyr Zhushman, Vadym Derkach, Stanislav Lichmanenko, Ivan Podoliak, Ivan Khudoliy – these guys are employees of the SES. And our Sumy region: Ivan Sakhno, Andriy Nahornyi, Yehor Synytsyn, Danylo Suniov, and Oleksandr Protsyk have particularly distinguished themselves in recent weeks. I am grateful to you and all your colleagues from the SES in the Sumy region. And one more thing. I want to acknowledge the officers of the National Police of Ukraine working in the Dnipropetrovsk region, who rescued people after the Russian strike on the police department in Kryvyi Rih. These are Police Captain Kateryna Tupa, Lieutenant Colonel Mykola Harmash, and Police Colonel Inna Vlasova – thank you! Thank you to everyone who protects our people and does everything to help Ukraine get through this difficult time, endure, and achieve its victory – its peace. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine