1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233320/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 It was noted that as of October 3, almost 90% of the region's inhabitants were provided with electricity (taking into account the actual availability of people). In June-August this year alone, electricity supply was restored to about 6,000 houses. President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 The President listened to the report by commander of "Khortytsia" operational-strategic grouping of troops Oleksandr Syrskyi on the defense of Kharkiv region and offensive actions in Bakhmut and other areas. The supply of weapons, ammunition and reserves to the troops was also addressed. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 The Kupyansk-Lyman direction is one of the hottest on the frontline. The Russian occupiers are constantly trying to conduct offensive actions there. President of Ukraine received the Minister of Defense of Estonia 2 October 2023 - 20:42 The Head of State thanked Estonia for its leadership in providing comprehensive, efficient and timely assistance to Ukraine to counter Russian ongoing full-scale aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the Government of Spain 2 October 2023 - 19:42 The parties discussed further defense cooperation between the two countries. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented shoulder boards to Ukrainian military and law enforcement officers 2 October 2023 - 19:35 The Head of State thanked the officers for their service and once again congratulated them on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, which the whole country marked on October 1. The President wished the servicemen and their families good health. President met with Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Foreign Affairs of Italy 2 October 2023 - 18:38 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised Italy's accession to the coalition for demining Ukraine and the IT coalition. Head of State discussed Ukrainian grain exports and support for Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 2 October 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Ursula von der Leyen discussed alternative export corridors for Ukrainian agricultural products. President had a meeting with High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 2 October 2023 - 17:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy commended the holding of the first-ever offsite meeting of the EU Foreign Ministers in Kyiv. President awarded the Foreign Ministers of Ireland, Italy, Romania, Denmark and France 2 October 2023 - 16:40 During the meeting of the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the Foreign Ministers of Ireland, Italy, Romania, Denmark, and France. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine