7 captures 11 Jul 2019 - 27 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220327083437/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-poziciyi-ukrayini-ta-moldovi-u-zahisti-suvere-56361 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Ukraine and Moldova share common positions in the protection of sovereignty and security in the region 11 July 2019 - 18:48 Ukraine and Moldova remain not only neighbors, but also immutable and reliable partners. It was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference with Prime Minister of Moldova Maia Sandu on July 11 in Kyiv. The Head of State emphasized that the visit to Ukraine was one of the first foreign visits of the Prime Minister of Moldova. “This means that our countries are not just neighbors, but also immutable partners,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to the President, the government and parliament of Moldova have always supported the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. He expressed hope that the newly appointed government of Moldova would continue to do so. The President noted that Ukraine would continue to provide full support to the territorial integrity of Moldova and actively participate in the negotiation process on the Transnistrian settlement. "Ukraine and Moldova have a common desire - there should be no Russian troops in our territories. Also, we will not allow anyone to impose plans for the so-called federalization on us. As for the protection of the sovereignty of our states and security in the region, our positions are common,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. In turn, Maia Sandu assured that Moldova fully supported Ukraine’s territorial integrity. "I feel love and respect for Ukrainians who sacrificed their lives to defend their country, its sovereignty and future as a European state," she said. ph Meeting with the Prime Minister of Moldova 11 July 2019 - 17:49 ph Meeting with the Prime Minister of Moldova 11 July 2019 - 17:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine