1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070705/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=19 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine to visit Brussels to take part in the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit on December 15-16 15 December 2021 - 09:12 During his visit to Brussels, Volodymyr Zelenskyy will hold a series of bilateral meetings with the leaders of the EU member states and partner countries, the leadership of the European Union and the Secretary General of NATO. President during the swearing-in ceremony by judges: The main task is to restore public confidence in the judiciary 14 December 2021 - 20:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn swearing-in ceremony of the newly appointed judges, which took place at the Office of the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Next year we will resume the state program to provide housing for participants in the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident 14 December 2021 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on social protection of liquidators of the Chornobyl accident. During the event, he presented the participants of the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident with state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for La Repubblica: Russia threatens Ukraine to blackmail the West 14 December 2021 - 10:47 Interview of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. From January, a thousand hryvnias received by vaccinated citizens of Ukraine can be spent on medicines - meeting with the President 13 December 2021 - 14:55 In Ukraine, more than 40% of adult citizens have already received a full course of vaccination against COVID-19. In January 2022, the list of goods and services that can be purchased for UAH 1,000 provided by the state to every Ukrainian who has received a full course of vaccination will be expanded. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Head of State: We have done everything to make Russia say today that it is not going to invade Ukraine 10 December 2021 - 23:16 During a phone conversation with US President Joseph Biden, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the possibility of creating another platform with the United States for negotiations with the Russian Federation on ending the war in Donbas and restoring Ukraine's territorial integrity. The Head of State spoke about this in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. Ukrainian society does not support coup attempts - President 10 December 2021 - 22:46 Ukrainian society has not and does not support coup attempts in our country. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine must count on its army - it is stronger than any military bloc 10 December 2021 - 21:49 The issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO is a choice of Ukrainian society, but the decision to admit our country to the Alliance is made by other states. Therefore, Ukraine will continue its Euro-Atlantic integration, but must rely on its Armed Forces first. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. One of Ukraine's priorities is to uphold the values of freedom and democracy - President at the Summit for Democracy 10 December 2021 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a virtual Summit for Democracy initiated by US President Joseph Biden. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of France 10 December 2021 - 15:39 The heads of state discussed the security situation around Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked France for the timely support for our state during the recent aggravation of the situation. For his part, Emmanuel Macron noted Ukraine's balanced position against the background of military escalation by Russia. 1 2 ... 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine