4 captures 25 Apr 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230425190558/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-videozustrich-iz-vikonavchoyu-direktork-82469 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are already preparing our energy sector for the next winter - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2023 - 19:42 View all videos n latest news President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 25 April 2023 - 14:31 Head of the President's Office: Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group presents new action plan to enhance sanctions against Russia 25 April 2023 - 12:14 Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 We are already preparing our energy sector for the next winter - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2023 - 19:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zhytomyr region and the meeting with the Prime Minister of Estonia 24 April 2023 - 16:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with UNICEF Executive Director on the situation with the deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 25 April 2023 - 09:02 Pursuant to the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a videoconference meeting with UNICEF Executive Director Catherine Russell. The meeting was also attended by Ukrainian Parliament’s Commissioner for Human Rights Dmytro Lubinets, Advisor - President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk and Advisors to the Head of the Presidential Office Daria Zarivna and Oleksandr Bevz. The parties discussed ways to strengthen cooperation to stop the violation of the rights of Ukrainian children by the Russian Federation, in particular their illegal deportation from the territory of Ukraine. "We expect UNICEF to play one of the most important roles in this cooperation, given the organization's extensive experience and respect of the international community," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that involvement of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassadors - famous and popular people - in highlighting the problem of Russia's violation of the rights of Ukrainian children will draw worldwide attention to this topic. The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that the problem of deportation of underage citizens of Ukraine by the aggressor state is extremely acute. According to officially confirmed data alone, 19391 Ukrainian children were illegally deported to the Russian Federation, Belarus or forcibly relocated to the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. 470 children were killed or died, 949 children were wounded, and 406 are missing. "The aggressor state is not just taking children away, it is deliberately destroying their national identity: it is doing everything to make children forget the Ukrainian language, Ukrainian history, and their relatives," emphasized Andriy Yermak. For her part, Catherine Russell expressed concern about what is happening to Ukrainian children amid the aggressive war launched by Russia. According to her, the UNICEF team is doing everything possible to protect their rights. The parties agreed to continue active cooperation, in particular through the Ukrainian office of UNICEF. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine