4 captures 02 Dec 2024 - 18 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241202165202/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=28 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, Ukraine Has Taken an Important Step to Support Our People Through This Winter – Address by the President 1 December 2024 - 16:20 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz Inspected Smart Unmanned Systems of Domestic and Joint Ukrainian-German Production 2 December 2024 - 15:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz Visited Wounded Ukrainian Warriors 2 December 2024 - 14:13 President of Ukraine and Chancellor of Germany honored the memory of the fallen Ukrainian warriors 2 December 2024 - 14:00 The Head of State Discussed Defense Support and Ukraine’s European Integration with Kaja Kallas 1 December 2024 - 17:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Meeting with the President of the European Council and EU Commissioners 1 December 2024 - 16:02 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine has become a symbol of freedom, the center of Europe where the struggle between good and evil is now concentrated - Mykhailo Podolyak 11 April 2022 - 17:28 After Europe and the world saw the horrific crimes committed by Russian troops against civilians in the Kyiv and Donetsk regions, they began to help Ukraine more decisively to repel Russia's armed aggression. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine said this in an interview for the host of the TV channel "Ukraine 24" Tygran Martyrosyan. Mykhailo Podolyak: Ukraine's position in negotiations with Russia will depend on success on the frontline 11 April 2022 - 15:47 In negotiations with the Russian Federation, Ukraine will do its utmost to end the war taking into account its national interests and to obtain reliable international guarantees to prevent such wars in the future. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview for the host of the TV channel "Ukraine 24" Tygran Martyrosyan. Giving up Russia's bloody oil is a top priority - Oleg Ustenko 10 April 2022 - 23:54 The countries' abandonment of Russian oil will not lead to an increase in world oil prices, even if oil production does not increase significantly, which is unlikely. This was stated by Adviser to the President of Ukraine on economic issues Oleg Ustenko in an online interview for the South Korean media outlet MoneyS. We are consolidating international support for youth infrastructure development - Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine 8 April 2022 - 10:58 Ukraine is actively working to consolidate international support for the restoration of destroyed and the construction of new youth infrastructure. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Dniprov during an online conversation with the leadership of the National Democratic Institute (NDI, USA). Sanctions against Russia must be destructive enough to stop this heinous war - Andriy Yermak 6 April 2022 - 21:07 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a regular online meeting of a group of Ukrainian and international experts established under the auspices of the Office of the President to analyze the real impact of sanctions against Russia, provide proposals for strengthening existing and implementing new effective measures. Ukraine is an integral part of Europe and the democratic world and deserves to be at the center of the European security system - Head of the President's Office 4 April 2022 - 22:36 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak is convinced that today no one has any doubts that the Ukrainian state is a full-fledged part of Europe and deserves to be at the center of an effective European security system. Andriy Yermak: The crimes committed by the Russian military in Bucha are genocide 4 April 2022 - 18:59 The crimes committed by the Russian military against civilians in the Ukrainian cities of Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel and other settlements in the Kyiv region are genocide of the Ukrainian people. This was emphasized by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy already has a plan for Ukraine's economic revival on the table - Andriy Yermak 4 April 2022 - 17:41 The restoration of Ukrainian cities will begin immediately after their liberation from the Russian occupiers. A plan for Ukraine's economic revival has already been prepared. This was announced byHead of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview for Natalia Moseichuk on 1+1 TV channel. The world must learn to live without Russian energy, through which Russia finances the terrible war in Ukraine - Oleh Ustenko and Simon Johnson 1 April 2022 - 18:29 According to the authors, Vladimir Putin underestimated the horror his invasion of Ukraine would create, especially in Europe. The European Union will certainly no longer risk its national security by importing Russian energy. Both the United States and the EU have all the tools they need to stop Russia from being a leading player in world energy markets. All military-industrial complex enterprises must work non-stop today - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukroboronprom Director General 1 April 2022 - 13:35 "Today, all enterprises of the military-industrial complex must work 24/7. To repel Russia's aggression, the Armed Forces of Ukraine need effective work of every employee in the industry," Andriy Yermak stressed. 1 2 ... 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ... 36 37 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine