11 captures 26 Jun 2021 - 18 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071059/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-iniciyuvav-stvorennya-prezidentskogo-universi-68741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President initiated the establishment of the Presidential University, which will train specialists of the future 31 May 2021 - 12:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Education and Science" signed Decree № 217/2021 "Issues of the project "Presidential University". The document launches the project of the Presidential University initiated by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, which should become a modern innovative educational and research center, which, in particular, will train leaders in strategic areas of state development ready for the challenges of today's changing world. "It is a higher education institution that will train people of the future. Which will gather in one place the best lecturers and train specialists who will be able to solve important tasks to protect our country in very important, priority, most relevant areas - areas of today and tomorrow's challenges," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the signing of the decree. It is envisaged that the educational process at the Presidential University will be based on specialties that form the basis of the sixth technological paradigm, form scientific and technological progress and allow to train professionals of the highest level. These include information technology, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, aerospace, energy technology, biotechnology and health sciences, globalization and international communications. In addition to providing professional knowledge, the university will ensure the balanced development of the student as a person capable of implementing his or her own scientific and technical developments and entrepreneurial initiatives. The best graduates will be selected for the university. The first enrollment will include 120 people (six specialties of 20 students each), and in the next five years their number should increase to 600. The best Ukrainian specialists will be invited to teach at the university; the most modern teaching methods will be used (key principle: 30% of theory and 70% of practice). Foreign lecturers and experts will also be involved in the educational process. It is planned to introduce guaranteed employment of university graduates, in particular in leading state companies, research and scientific institutions, central authorities. The state and the university's partners will guarantee students national and international internships. It will be possible to reimburse the cost of study by the employer. The university, the state and partner businesses will ensure the implementation of students’ own scientific developments and their further commercialization. "Our goal is the best conditions, the best lecturers, the best students from all over Ukraine who will study for free and then work in the country. Work here, realize themselves here, in Ukraine, for the benefit of our state, for the protection of every Ukrainian," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine