3 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 19 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911231409/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukrainian Delegation Discussed with Lloyd Austin the Needs of the Defense Forces and the Joint Production of Weapons 30 August 2024 - 20:20 A Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko has begun its visit to Washington. The first meeting was held with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:13 I am immensely grateful to all our military pilots, all engineers, all warriors of mobile firing groups, air defense units. All those who really fight for Ukraine – for the result. And the same goes for the command level – we must strengthen ourselves. Ukraine and Montenegro Have Initiated Consultations on a Bilateral Security Agreement 30 August 2024 - 18:46 The document aims to strengthen security in Europe and deepen cooperation between the two countries. Gratitude to Every Warrior and All Fallen Ukrainian Heroes Who Return Home on Their Shields – Address by the President 29 August 2024 - 20:25 The courage of our people. The strength of the Ukrainian spirit. And the gratitude – of all our people, of our entire state – to every warrior. And to all fallen Ukrainian heroes who return home on their shields. On This Day, Ukraine Pays Special Tribute to the Memory of All Our Fallen Warriors – The President Met with the Families of Ukraine’s Fallen Heroes 29 August 2024 - 16:47 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine fallen in the struggle for Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the families of Ukraine’s Heroes and presented 16 Orders of the Golden Star and 22 certificates for apartments. The First Lady Participated in a Working Meeting with Regional Teams Implementing the National Mental Health Program in Communities 29 August 2024 - 16:10 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a working meeting with regional teams that are implementing the National Mental Health Program "How Are You?" in communities. We Are Working with Partners to Supply the Frontline Not Only with Weapons and Shells but Also with the Power of Our Unity – Address by the President 28 August 2024 - 20:06 We continue to insist that their determination now – lifting the restrictions on long-range strikes for Ukraine now – will help us to end the war as soon as possible in a fair way for Ukraine and the world as a whole. Safe Educational Environment: Interim Project Results Were Presented in the Zhytomyr Region 28 August 2024 - 19:29 Olha Budnyk, Advisor-Commissioner of the President on the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports, presented the interim results of the project aimed at creating a safe educational environment in the Zhytomyr region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Representatives of the Ecumenical Patriarchate 28 August 2024 - 16:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the Ecumenical Patriarchate: Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada, Archbishop Ilarion of Winnipeg, Metropolitan Job of Pisidia, Patriarchal Deacon Epiphanius and the Exarch of the Ecumenical Patriarch in Ukraine, Bishop Michael. Ukraine and the United Kingdom Made Significant Progress in Preparing for the Signing of the Agreement on Transition to Stronger and Deeper Partnership 28 August 2024 - 16:11 Ukraine and the United Kingdom held the second round of negotiations on a bilateral agreement on transition to a stronger and deeper partnership. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine