5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 22 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101202928/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/finansuvannya-ukrayinskogo-oboronnogo-virobnictva-ta-drugij-94125 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Funding for Ukrainian Defense Production and the Second Peace Summit: President Meets with Denmark's Prime Minister 29 October 2024 - 14:05 In Reykjavik, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen. The leaders highlighted the success of the Fourth Ukraine – Nordic Summit, particularly the decision by the Nordic countries to finance Ukrainian production of weapons, ammunition, and long-range capabilities, following Denmark's example. "Thank you for your support of the Victory Plan and for backing domestic arms production. This is a very important initiative," the President said. The key topics of the meeting were the continuation of defense support for Ukraine and the delivery of weapons and equipment from the announced aid packages. Special attention was given to maintaining pressure on Russia and limiting Russian exports of crude oil and petroleum products. Specifically, the parties discussed the shadow fleet and Russian ports in the Baltic Sea, which account for over 50% of Russia's crude oil exports. The President emphasized that Ukraine expects an appropriate response from allies – not only Denmark but also all EU and G7 partners. The parties also discussed the involvement of the North Korean military personnel in the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The Head of State talked about his conversation with the President of the Republic of Korea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mette Frederiksen stressed the importance of bolstering Ukrainian air defense and acknowledged Denmark’s leadership in the Air Force Capability Coalition. Additionally, they discussed the possibility of Scandinavian countries assisting in training and equipping a brigade of the Ukrainian Armed Forces. Other topics included further implementation of the Peace Formula and preparations for the Second Peace Summit. In particular, Denmark co-chairs the working group on implementing the third point of the Peace Formula, "Energy Security." The President also noted the importance of stepping up cooperation with Global South countries to restore a just peace. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine