5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101192052/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – War Damage Compensation and Restoring Justice: Event on Ukraine Held on the Sidelines of the UN General Assembly 25 October 2024 - 13:15 In New York, during the UN International Law Week, the event “War Damage Compensation: Claims Commission for Ukraine” took place, organized by the Netherlands and the Register of Damage. Ukraine was represented by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra. Reintegration and Rehabilitation of Children Who Survived Deportation and Forcible Transfers: Bring Kids Back UA Task Force Presents White Paper 25 October 2024 - 09:57 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak participated in the presentation of the White Paper, “Reintegration of Children Affected by Deportation and Forcible Transfers: International Standards and Best Practices for Ukraine,” prepared by the Bring Kids Back UA Task Force. Meeting with a Member of the UK Parliament from the Conservative Party Took Place at the Office of the President 24 October 2024 - 21:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva met with Andrew Mitchell, Member of the United Kingdom Parliament and Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs from the Conservative Party, who is visiting Ukraine. Implementation of the UN Charter and Restoration of Ukraine’s Territorial Integrity: The Seventh Conference Was Held in Riga in Continuation of the First Peace Summit 24 October 2024 - 21:10 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak participated online in a thematic conference dedicated to the fifth point of the Peace Formula: "Implementation of the UN Charter and Restoration of Ukraine’s Territorial Integrity and the World Order." The President Called for Working on the Victory Plan at the Community Level, Just as at the National Level 24 October 2024 - 20:39 Victory in the war can only be achieved through unity and collective effort. This was the message from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at the expanded meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities. Delaying Decisions Costs Lives – Olena Zelenska at the Estoril Conference 24 October 2024 - 19:16 The First Lady emphasized that after 10 years of Russian aggression, Ukraine has had to rethink many things, and now it can share its experience with the world. This includes approaches to security and civil defense, the importance of resilience, and the protection of children. Ukraine Now Needs to Develop the Internal Strengthening Plan, Which Will Also Guarantee Unity – President's Address 24 October 2024 - 19:00 There’s an internal part to this work. Positions on the frontline and in the rear. What needs strengthening. The issue of justice in Ukraine, which is especially pressing. Our economy – our jobs, the development of industries that are critical for Ukraine. Legislative Changes for Reforming the Medical and Social Expert Commissions Discussed at the Office of the President 24 October 2024 - 17:11 A meeting on legislative changes to implement the decision of the National Security and Defense Council regarding the reform of the Medical and Social Expert Commissions was held under the chairmanship of Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Vereshchuk. The President: It Was with the Annexation of Crimea That Russia's Assault on the System of International Law Began 24 October 2024 - 12:35 The UN Charter is based on the respect of all states for sovereignty, territorial integrity and right to determine their future, not on the premise that someone can decide to burn the life of a neighboring nation or deport it. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the Parliamentary Summit of the Crimea Platform. Words Like “Occupation,” “Captivity,” and “Deportation” Should Have No Power Anywhere in the World – Speech by the President at the Parliamentary Summit of the Crimea Platform 24 October 2024 - 11:45 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine