22 captures 03 Jul 2022 - 15 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220703175535/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-u-kiyevi-zustrivsya-z-premyer-ministrom-avstr-76233 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In Lugano, Ukraine will present a national view of reconstruction; it is necessary to create a new basis for our life - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 July 2022 - 23:14 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The situation in Donbas is the most difficult, and our task now is to ensure the fire superiority of the Armed Forces 3 July 2022 - 19:51 It is important to find a legislative solution to compensate for the losses caused by Russia at the expense of the seized assets of Russians abroad - President of Ukraine 3 July 2022 - 19:19 President met with the Prime Minister of Australia in Kyiv 3 July 2022 - 19:01 On the Day of the Naval Forces, the President presented the Gold Star Orders and other state awards to the defenders of Ukraine 3 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Australia 3 July 2022 - 16:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President met with the Prime Minister of Australia in Kyiv 3 July 2022 - 19:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Australia Anthony Albanese who visited our country. As the Ukrainian President emphasized, this is the first visit of the Australian Prime Minister to Kyiv in the entire history of relations between the two countries. "Of course, we would all like this visit to take place in peacetime and under other circumstances, but we appreciate and are grateful for your presence here with us at this time of Russia's war against the Ukrainian people," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Anthony Albanese. According to the President, Australia supports Ukraine and international law and provides significant assistance to our country, including defense assistance. "Our defenders highly appreciated, in particular, the Australian Bushmaster armored personnel carriers and other specific assistance from Australia. During the negotiations the Prime Minister confirmed an additional package of enhanced assistance," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said and thanked the head of the Australian government for the support. The key topics of the negotiations in Kyiv were security cooperation between Ukraine and Australia and further protection of freedom. "I informed Mr. Prime Minister about the situation on the frontline, about our capabilities, technical comparison, resistance to the occupiers. We must strengthen international cooperation in order to break Russia's aggressive potential. We must increase the sanctions pressure on the aggressor. I am grateful to Australia for its firm, unyielding position on this issue," said the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that with its aggression against Ukraine, Russia has created global threats that are felt in all regions of the world. So today, at a meeting with Anthony Albanese, the parties agreed to coordinate efforts to overcome the food crisis provoked by the Russian Federation by blocking Ukrainian ports. The leaders also paid attention to economic challenges and the need to enhance macro-financial support for Ukraine. The President thanked the Prime Minister for his understanding of Ukrainian needs. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that an international conference dedicated to the reconstruction of Ukraine will start in Lugano (Switzerland) on Monday. "The amount of work on the already liberated territories is truly colossal. And more than 2,000 settlements in the east and south of Ukraine have yet to be liberated. I offered Australia to take part in the post-war reconstruction and I am grateful for the willingness to join the implementation of this, I am sure, ambitious project," said the Head of State. For his part, the Prime Minister of Australia emphasized that his visit demonstrates solidarity between the Australian and Ukrainian nations at the time of brutal aggression against Ukraine by Russia, which was not provoked and which is taking place in violation of international law and the UN Charter. Anthony Albanese said that during his visit to Bucha, Irpin and Hostomel, he saw with his own eyes the destruction of civilian objects and brutal violations of human rights as a result of this immoral war. "Australia is ready to continue providing support to the Ukrainian state and its people for as long as it takes for Ukraine to gain an advantage and protect the law and order in which we all exist," he said. The head of the Australian government announced that his country will increase military-technical assistance to Ukraine and will provide 14 more APCs and 20 Bushmaster armored vehicles, additional military equipment, drones and other military equipment as requested by our country. Anthony Albanese also spoke about the readiness to join international investigations of Russia's crimes against Ukraine and to impose additional financial sanctions and travel bans on 16 more Russian officials and oligarchs. "We will ban the import of Russian gold to reduce Russia's ability to finance this war," he said. The Prime Minister of Australia emphasized that today's visit is the beginning of strong bilateral relations. v Videos ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Australia 3 July 2022 - 16:09 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Australia 3 July 2022 - 16:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine