36 captures 17 Nov 2024 - 24 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241119095413/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/golub-miru-nadislav-nam-chergovi-kindzhali-ta-kalibri-os-tak-94461 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Strength of Our Entire Ukrainian Army Is the People Who Serve Faithfully and Steadfastly – Address by the President 18 November 2024 - 17:51 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska Begins Visit to Slovenia 18 November 2024 - 22:36 Yermak-McFaul International Sanctions Group Proposes New Effective Steps to Strengthen Energy Sanctions 18 November 2024 - 19:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Defenders of Kupyansk 18 November 2024 - 19:38 The Strength of Our Entire Ukrainian Army Is the People Who Serve Faithfully and Steadfastly – Address by the President 18 November 2024 - 17:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk and Kharkiv Regions 18 November 2024 - 15:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The “Dove of Peace” Sent Us Yet Another Barrage of “Kinzhal” and “Kalibr” Missiles; That’s His Diplomacy – Address by the President 17 November 2024 - 22:25 Dear Ukrainians! Today marked one of the largest and most dangerous Russian attacks in the entire war. Two hundred and ten drones and missiles launched simultaneously – including hypersonic and aeroballistic ones. Fortunately, most of the targets were intercepted. Russia aimed for energy and critical infrastructure. And this is the answer to all those who wanted to achieve something with Putin through conversations, phone calls, hugs – appeasement. Today, this “dove of peace” sent us yet another barrage of “Kinzhal” and “Kalibr” missiles. That’s his diplomacy. His language is treachery. For nearly a thousand days now, Russia has been doing the same thing. And we must defend ourselves against it. We need to be strong. Time should be invested not in talking to someone in Moscow, but in really forcing Russia to end the war. I am grateful to all our air defense forces, the Air Force, mobile fire groups, and everyone who makes it possible for Ukraine to shoot down all this Russian evil. Once again, Patriot systems performed brilliantly today. The F16s also showed their worth intercepting missiles. Special thanks to all our partners who help us with air defense systems and missiles. This is truly a global effort. Every time such Russian strikes take place, we see how important it is that our partners do not leave Patriots and other systems in warehouses somewhere, but transfer them to exactly those people who can protect lives and need them. We still haven’t received all the systems we need from our partners. But we’re continuing to work on that. Once we have what’s needed, repelling these attacks will be even more comprehensive. Restoration work is underway in four regions. This morning, over a million households were without electricity. That number is now significantly lower. Thank you to all the repair crews. The work will continue around the clock. Unfortunately, today’s Russian attack caused injuries in the Lviv region, in Kyiv, in the Poltava, Dnipropetrovsk, Odesa, and Zaporizhzhia regions. Everyone has received the necessary assistance. Tragically, there are also fatalities. My condolences to all the families and loved ones. We will definitely respond to the occupier. And we must withstand the pressure now. Any pressure. Any strikes. So that next year, we can achieve our goal. So that we achieve peace. And one more thing. The plan to strengthen Ukraine is the Victory Plan, which I presented to our partners. One of its key points is long-range capabilities for our army. Today, there’s a lot of talk in the media about us receiving permission for respective actions. But strikes are not carried out with words. Such things are not announced. Missiles will speak for themselves. They certainly will. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine