1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221559/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Ambassador of Brazil 1 September 2023 - 20:41 At the meeting, the main attention was given to the ways of further strengthening of bilateral relations, in particular, the political dialogue for the near future. Andriy Yermak has conversation with national security advisor to President of South African Republic 1 September 2023 - 20:15 On the instructions of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi. Andriy Yermak discusses further work within implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with Ambassador of India 1 September 2023 - 19:55 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Ambassador of India to Ukraine Harsh Kumar Jain. Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on the Peace Formula for heads of diplomatic missions accredited in Türkiye 1 September 2023 - 16:56 The event was organized by the Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of Türkiye. The briefing was attended by the heads of diplomatic missions of 30 countries, including the Group of Seven, the EU and the Global South. Daria Herasymchuk: Ukraine, together with the UN, is developing an implementation strategy to prevent and combat violations of children's rights in the context of Russia's armed aggression 31 August 2023 - 21:32 A strategic session on children in armed conflict was co-chaired by Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk and UNICEF Ukraine Representative Murat Sahin. Ihor Zhovkva: More than 70 countries share the Ukrainian philosophy of the Peace Formula already 31 August 2023 - 19:41 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Sweden. Andrii Sybiha met with UNDP Resident Representative in Ukraine 31 August 2023 - 14:01 The interlocutors discussed in detail the main areas of UNDP's activities in Ukraine, including programs to support veterans and internally displaced persons, rebuilding the energy sector based on energy efficiency, restoring schools and hospitals damaged by Russian attacks, humanitarian demining, anti-corruption initiatives and support for small businesses in Ukraine. Andriy Yermak held the seventh meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula dedicated to food security 30 August 2023 - 17:35 The seventh meeting of this format, attended by more than 70 representatives of foreign countries, was dedicated to the Food Security clause of the Formula and took place at the premises of a bread producer in Kyiv region. Andrii Sybiha met with Canadian MPs 30 August 2023 - 11:55 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President briefed the interlocutors on the situation on the frontline and emphasized the priority of further strengthening the Ukrainian air defense system before the winter period, in particular to protect energy infrastructure. The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group has developed recommendations to tighten control over foreign-made components used by Russia in its UAVs 28 August 2023 - 10:48 The International Working Group on Sanctions Against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) Ambassador Michael McFaul, has examined 174 foreign components removed from three UAV models used by Russian troops on the battlefield in Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine