13 captures 16 Apr 2023 - 09 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230416213637/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-buti-vpevneni-sho-zlo-prograye-mayemo-nablizhati-prog-82173 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 View all videos n latest news Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:08 Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 Olena Zelenska attends opening of new Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center in Lviv 14 April 2023 - 21:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must be sure that evil will lose, we must bring the defeat of evil closer, and we are bringing it closer - address by the President of Ukraine 9 April 2023 - 21:30 Ukrainians! Tonight, the Russian army shelled Zaporizhzhia with S-300 missiles. They hit a house, an apartment building. Three people were inside. A man, a woman and a child - a girl, her name was Iryna, she would have turned 11 this year. She died. The man died too. My condolences... The woman is in critical condition, in the hospital, she is being provided with medical care. This is how the terrorist state spends this Palm Sunday. This is how Russia puts itself in even greater isolation from the world, from humanity. Every bright Christian holiday teaches us that we may not know how, but we must be sure that evil will lose. We have to believe. And we believe. We must bring the defeat of evil closer. And we are bringing it closer. And the world stands with us. Every month, every week, support is increased, the circle of those who support us, who support our grit and our faith in life, increases. I thank everyone in the world who is with Ukraine now, who is with us in deed. I thank all our people who are eliminating the consequences of Russian shelling and helping those who have suffered from terror. In Zaporizhzhia, Kharkiv region, Chernihiv region, Sumy region, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kherson region, Donbas. I am grateful to every rescuer and doctor, every nurse, every sapper, every policeman... All representatives of local authorities in cities and villages who help people. And volunteers. And of course, I want to thank the warriors! Everyone who is currently in battle. Everyone who repels Russian evil. Everyone who destroys the occupiers - in battle and in their rear. We are preparing for an active new week, in particular in our international activities, to strengthen the defense, to strengthen our warriors. And based on the results of this week, I would like to especially celebrate the marines of the 35th and 36th separate brigades, warriors of the 55th artillery brigade... They are fighting in the Donetsk region. Efficiently. Thank you guys! I thank the warriors of the assault company of the 783rd regiment of the State Special Transport Service, the warriors of the 5th separate assault brigade and the 80th separate airborne assault brigade for the active assault actions in Bakhmut and in the Bakhmut direction... Well done, guys! Slovyansk direction - the 30th separate mechanized brigade... Also active assault actions. Thank you guys! I thank the warriors of the 66th separate mechanized brigade and the 95th airborne assault brigade for their steadfastness and grit in the Lyman direction. I am thankful to the intelligence units that are fighting in the hottest areas of the frontline! Border guards of the Luhansk and Kramatorsk detachments, combined units of the Lviv, Donetsk, Mohyliv-Podilskyi and Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi detachments... Thank you, guys! Special forces, the 50th National Guard regiment... Thank you! Zaporizhzhia direction - I will separately mention the warriors of the 39th anti-aircraft missile regiment. Well done, guys! Accuracy is the main thing. And thank you to all the fighters of the Air Defense Forces and the Air Forces who reliably protect our sky! Glory to all Ukrainian heroes! To everyone who is now in battle! To everyone who is currently in combat positions or fulfilling missions! Eternal and bright memory to all those who gave their lives protecting the lives of Ukraine and Ukrainians! May next year's Palm Sunday pass in peace and freedom for all our people! May the sincere prayers for peace of all who celebrate Easter today be heard! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine