7 captures 14 Feb 2022 - 23 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214055946/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-zi-specialnim-radnikom-premyer-minist-71513 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva discussed topical issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine with the Special Adviser to the Prime Minister of Croatia 10 November 2021 - 11:37 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video conference with Special Foreign Policy Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia Vladimir Drobnjak. The parties focused on the latest steps of Ukraine towards European integration. In particular, Ihor Zhovkva informed his interlocutor of the practical results of the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit held in Kyiv on October 12, as well as with the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the Eastern Partnership Summit scheduled for December 15 this year. "Ukraine expects that the results of the Eastern Partnership Summit will be no less ambitious than the results of the recent Ukraine-EU Summit," Ihor Zhovkva said. The interlocutors also agreed to speed up the process of preparing a bilateral declaration on Ukraine's European perspective. Ihor Zhovkva noted the personal participation of Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia Andrej Plenković in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform on August 23, 2021 in Kyiv and called on the Croatian side to actively participate in further activities within this international mechanism. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked Croatia for supporting Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations, in particular during the NATO Summit in Brussels on June 14 this year. Ihor Zhovkva also informed of the latest steps in the implementation of Ukraine's Annual National Program and expressed hope for the expansion of practical cooperation between our country and NATO in the framework of the enhanced opportunities partnership. The parties noted positive trends in the growth of bilateral trade, including goods by 18% in the first half of this year. They also emphasized the importance of holding a regular meeting of the Joint Commission on Economic Cooperation between the Government of Ukraine and the Government of the Republic of Croatia. During the conversation, the interlocutors also discussed measures taken by both countries to prevent the spread of COVID-19 and ensure further vaccination of citizens with quality certified vaccines. Ihor Zhovkva expressed hope that the next wave of the pandemic would be overcome and that Croatia would keep the possibility of unrestricted entry for Ukrainians. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine