2 captures 06 Mar 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230306204512/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-vidomim-britanskim-istorikom-prof-80993 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world is strong enough to punish Russia for the war, and we will provide courage and tools to make it happen - address by the President of Ukraine 5 March 2023 - 20:27 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 6 March 2023 - 13:36 The world is strong enough to punish Russia for the war, and we will provide courage and tools to make it happen - address by the President of Ukraine 5 March 2023 - 20:25 Olena Zelenska and the team of her Foundation visited a family-type children's home in the Lviv region and handed over humanitarian aid 5 March 2023 - 12:14 Olena Zelenska at United for Justice conference: The victim is never responsible for the crime, only the offender is responsible 4 March 2023 - 23:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 3 March 2023 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the famous British historian, Professor Timothy Ash 15 February 2023 - 16:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with British historian, journalist and writer, Professor of European Studies in the University of Oxford Timothy Garton Ash, who is on a visit to our country. Andriy Yermak thanked Timothy Ash for his sincere support of Ukraine and active position from the very beginning of Russia's full-scale aggression. Andriy Yermak noted that our country enjoys strong support from the leaders of many partner countries. At the same time, he emphasized the need to quickly make the necessary decisions and implement them. The Head of the Presidential Office also emphasized the importance of support at the political level. In particular, this concerns the issue of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects. "Today we are the best image maker for NATO. And an "open door" is no longer enough. It is necessary to correct the mistakes of the past and give the green light to Ukraine's membership in NATO," he said. Andriy Yermak spoke about the recommendations developed by the international Yermak-Rasmussen group on security guarantees for Ukraine and the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Timothy Ash thanked the Head of the President's Office for the opportunity to meet and receive extremely important information. He noted that in these crucial times Ukraine needs even more support and every effort should be made in this direction. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine