1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013159/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=173 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine highly appreciates the political support and practical assistance of Croatia - Ihor Zhovkva 25 October 2022 - 14:26 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Republic of Croatia on October 24-26. The return of the Ukrainian flag to Crimea will mean the restoration of real peace - President's speech at the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform 25 October 2022 - 13:36 The return of the Ukrainian flag is the arrival of the European Union on the peninsula. In the full sense of these words. The return of the Ukrainian flag is the protection of human rights, it is freedom for all people in Crimea. By investing in the recovery of Ukraine, you are investing in a future member of the EU - President's speech at the International Expert Conference on the Recovery, Reconstruction and Modernisation of Ukraine 25 October 2022 - 13:14 Whoever invests in the restoration of Ukraine invests in a future member of the European Union. These are very important words. Significant ones. I believe that they will be heard by all Europeans and global economic players. We defended the independence of Ukraine, and Russia cannot change that already, but we still have to go the way to victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 October 2022 - 22:03 On February 24, the Kremlin could not even think about it, although they should have. But now, on October 24, there is no Russian official or propagandist who does not understand where all this is going for them. They started to recall 1917 long ago. The feeling of failure in Russia is getting stronger. Andriy Sybiha met with the deputy of the Bundestag from the CDU/CSU faction 24 October 2022 - 20:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha met with Bundestag member of the Federal Republic of Germany Roderich Kiesewetter, who is the Spokesman for the Christian Democratic Union and Christian Social Union (CDU/CSU) faction on crisis prevention and security policy and a member of the Bundestag's foreign policy committee. The alliance between Russia and Iran can be rendered meaningless if we act together - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Haaretz Democracy Conference 24 October 2022 - 17:46 Isn't it time for your state to choose who you are with as well? Is it with the democratic world, which is fighting side by side against the existential threat to its existence? Or with those who turn a blind eye to Russian terror? A regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 24 October 2022 - 13:56 The members of the Staff considered the steps to counter the air attacks of the Russian army on the critical infrastructure facilities of Ukraine, in particular, they analyzed the course of formation of an effective air defense system of Ukraine and provision of the necessary ammunition. Russia brings death and degradation, Ukraine is always about restoration - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 October 2022 - 20:53 If Russia has prepared another round of raising stakes and another escalating step, it must see now, preemptively and before its any new "dirt" that the world will not swallow that. Olena Zelenska presented the "Barrier-Free Handbook" at the Frankfurt Book Fair 23 October 2022 - 16:23 During her visit to Germany, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska presented the "Barrier-Free Handbook" at the Frankfurt Book Fair, and also took part in an interview-discussion at the invitation of Brigitte magazine. Olena Zelenska meets with First Lady of Federal Republic of Germany Elke Büdenbender 22 October 2022 - 22:57 The first ladies of Ukraine and Germany held a working meeting within the framework of Olena Zelenska's visit to Germany and presented the joint project Better Time Stories. 1 2 ... 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine