1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214174703/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=96 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure" on February 22 19 February 2021 - 22:41 The forum will discuss the restoration and development of infrastructure in Ukraine. In particular, the continuation of the National Program "Large Construction", financing of long-term projects and the role of international partners in this process. Forum participants will explain the logic of decision-making on infrastructure financing priorities. Legislative initiative to regulate the legal status of national minorities was discussed at a meeting chaired by the President of Ukraine 19 February 2021 - 18:39 As a state, Ukraine respects the traditions and cultural values of persons belonging to national minorities living on its territory and must adopt a new law that will regulate the protection of their identity and equality. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Meeting of the National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President ended 19 February 2021 - 17:43 The meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took place. The parties discussed a number of important issues in the military, energy and state security spheres. Transparent government must be transparent in everything - President on the launch of the National Geospatial Data Infrastructure 19 February 2021 - 15:29 Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food of Ukraine Roman Leshchenko together with Acting Chairman of the State Geocadastre Oleksiy Pinchuk, Acting Chairman of the State Space Agency Mykhailo Lev and leading employees of the Research Institute of Geodesy and Cartography, USAID Agro Project Manager Serhiy Kubakh presented a pilot project of the National Geospatial Data Infrastructure to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President supports the resumption of contests for civil service positions, however amendments to the law are needed 19 February 2021 - 10:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy urges the Verkhovna Rada to remove from the Law “On Amendments to Certain Laws of Ukraine on Resumption of Contests for Civil Service Positions and Other Civil Service Issues” of February 16, 2021 the provisions restricting the performance of powers by deputy ministers, if the position of the minister is vacant. President: Ukraine is an authoritative and responsible member of the international community and makes a significant contribution to global and regional security and stability 18 February 2021 - 20:19 This was discussed at a meeting chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the strategy of European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as on foreign policy vectors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The bill on simplified customs clearance of cars with European number plates is a reasonable compromise 18 February 2021 - 18:46 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy supports the adoption by the Verkhovna Rada in the first reading of amendments to the Tax and Customs Codes of Ukraine, which provide for preferential customs clearance of cars with European registration. President emphasizes the importance of reforming the judiciary 18 February 2021 - 18:16 "The judicial system in Ukraine today is one of the biggest problems. First of all, for ordinary Ukrainians who do not hope for justice in the courts and do not feel the protection of the judiciary. But there are also other problems such as attracting investment, the image of Ukraine. All Ukraine's international partners put emphasis on judicial reform, and we need to do it," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy supports the strategy of digital transformation of Ukraine for the coming years 18 February 2021 - 14:55 On February 17 this year, the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine approved a list of 94 digital transformation projects. The strategy is a reflection of all government activities and contains clear plans for its digitization - transition to modern, transparent and automated rules. The projects of digital transformation for the next three years are: e-notary, e-property, e-urban planning, e-school, e-social protection, e-migration, e-hospital, e-permit, etc. Volodymyr Zelenskyy commends the work of the Ukrainian delegation at the last PACE session 17 February 2021 - 20:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the activities of Ukraine in the PACE with the representatives of the Ukrainian delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Office of the President. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine