5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101203301/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyi Held a Meeting of the Staff in the Sumy Region 4 October 2024 - 18:47 The main issues discussed at the meeting were air defense and energy. The President Visited the Location of the 82nd Brigade and Awarded the Warriors Participating in the Operation in the Kursk Region 4 October 2024 - 18:15 The President received a report from the Commander of the brigade, Hero of Ukraine Dmytro Voloshyn, on the operational situation in the brigade's area of responsibility, combat mission accomplishment and interaction with neighboring units. Our Key Goal is Ukraine’s Full Membership in the Alliance – President at the Meeting with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte 3 October 2024 - 15:20 Ukraine’s priorities include joining NATO, implementing the decisions of the Alliance's Washington Summit, and jointly intercepting Russian missiles and drones. This was the focus of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s discussion with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte during their meeting in Kyiv. Winterization, Protection of Energy Facilities and Construction of School Shelters: the President Met with the USAID Administrator 2 October 2024 - 20:31 The main topics of discussion with Samantha Power included the implementation of projects aimed at strengthening Ukraine's energy grid, restoring critical infrastructure, enhancing air defense and building school shelters. The President Met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine and Thanked Him for Strengthening Bilateral Relations 2 October 2024 - 19:56 The Head of State held a meeting with the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda before the end of his diplomatic mission. The President Met with Leaders of the World’s Top Defense Companies 2 October 2024 - 11:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the heads and top executives of defense companies from partner countries as part of the second International Defense Industries Forum (DFNC2). Thanks to its Defense Industries, Ukraine Is Set to Become One of the Key Global Contributors to Security – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 October 2024 - 20:09 In the conditions of war, Ukrainians have managed to build a de facto new defense industry. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the Second International Forum of Defense Industries. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Visited Wounded Servicemen and Honored Them with State Awards 1 October 2024 - 12:21 "Congratulations on your day – the Day of Defenders of Ukraine. Thank you for your service and for defending Ukraine. I wish you a speedy recovery, and together we will achieve victory," said the Head of State. Today Is the Day of Those Who Make Tomorrow Possible – President Congratulated the Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2024 - 11:22 On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored warriors with state awards, presented battle flags to brigades, and conferred honorary titles. The event was attended by leaders of Ukraine’s security and defense forces, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak and his deputies, as well as ambassadors. President Honored the Memory of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2024 - 11:12 The Head of State laid flowers at the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 84 85 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine