1 capture 02 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220702083745/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=29-05-2021&date-to=29-05-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:30 View all videos n latest news The United States announced a new support package for Ukraine, which includes powerful NASAMS systems that will significantly strengthen our air defense - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 23:27 The whole world understands that it is Ukraine who is implementing the main reform in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2022 - 21:11 Ukraine will have its own security model, and these must be clear, legally verified guarantees - Andriy Yermak 1 July 2022 - 20:44 Head of State met with the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Norway in Kyiv 1 July 2022 - 17:16 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 "We need more weapons. Small arms, demining systems, drones, counter-battery radars, howitzers, body armor... Everything! But first of all, we need to close the sky to protect our cities from missiles," Andriy Yermak explained. Mykhailo Podolyak: International multilateral treaty on security guarantees will give Ukraine reliable protection against possible new aggression 30 March 2022 - 18:50 Ukraine wants to sign an international treaty on security guarantees, which will give it reliable allies and real protection from any new aggression in the future. Adviser to the Head of the President's Office and member of the Ukrainian negotiating team Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized this during an online briefing at the Ukrainian Media Center. The Office of the President of Ukraine supported the initiative to establish the Ukrainian Global University 30 March 2022 - 15:25 With the support of the Office of the President of Ukraine, the government, educational institutions and non-governmental organizations are creating the Ukrainian Global University (UGU), a network that brings together the world's best educational institutions to provide Ukrainian students, scholarship holders, researchers and lecturers with access to educational institutions around the world, as well as new scholarships and postdoctoral programs. Iryna Vereshchuk announced the approval of three humanitarian corridors in the Zaporizhzhia region and called on the UN Security Council to take measures to demilitarize the Chornobyl zone due to the danger of detonation of Russian ammunition 30 March 2022 - 10:41 According to her, in the context of nuclear security, the irresponsible and unprofessional actions of the Russian military pose a very serious threat not only to Ukraine, but also to hundreds of millions of Europeans. Andriy Yermak met with a group of experts who will analyze the impact of sanctions against Russia 29 March 2022 - 23:38 Andriy Yermak believes that it is necessary to reach the pace of the weekly increase of sanctions pressure against Russia. According to him, Ukraine's partners are currently working on the introduction of a new sanctions package against Russia. Critical import chains will be targeted, including export controls and sanctions aimed at suppliers cooperating with the Russian military-industrial complex. The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible - Andriy Yermak 29 March 2022 - 23:24 The new multilateral treaty should make any aggression against Ukraine impossible and become a key element of the new international security system. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak commenting on the face-to-face round of Ukrainian-Russian talks, which took place on March 29 in Istanbul. During the negotiations with Russia, the Ukrainian delegation officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for our country 29 March 2022 - 17:20 During the talks with Russia in Turkey, the Ukrainian party officially outlined its proposals for a new system of security guarantees for Ukraine. This was announced by Head of the Ukrainian delegation, Head of the Servant of the People faction David Arakhamia. In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 "With great gratitude from the Ukrainian people at this turning point in our history. They deserve the respect of Ukrainians and people around the world. After all, indifference and silence are complicity," he stressed. Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 One of the key elements of the negotiations on ending the aggressive war launched by the Russian Federation on the territory of Ukraine is the creation of a system of clear and reliable security guarantees for our state. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview for the German media Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Today, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in the Kyiv, Luhansk and Donetsk regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 26 March 2022 - 12:52 As of March 26, ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed in Ukraine to evacuate people from settlements affected by the Russian invasion. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 20 21 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine