10 captures 20 Oct 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221020121516/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaklikav-predstavnikiv-providnih-yevrejskih-or-78589 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:09 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak called on representatives of leading Jewish organizations to facilitate the provision of modern air defense systems to Ukraine 20 October 2022 - 11:19 Timely aid from partners makes it possible to avoid many victims and destruction - Olena Zelenska in an interview with Bild 20 October 2022 - 09:24 Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:06 Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak called on representatives of leading Jewish organizations to facilitate the provision of modern air defense systems to Ukraine 20 October 2022 - 11:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with representatives of leading Jewish organizations, during which he emphasized the importance of providing our state with modern air defense systems that Israel has. Andriy Yermak told the participants of the online meeting that on October 7-8, Russia launched 190 strikes with missiles and drones on the territory of Ukraine, and on October 10, 84 missiles and 24 attack UAVs were launched. In general, according to the available information, the Russian Federation purchased 2,400 kamikaze drones from Iran, which attack Ukrainian cities, critical infrastructure, and historical and cultural monuments every day. In particular, on Monday, October 17, such a drone destroyed a historic building in the center of Kyiv, built by the Jewish community, in which many famous people once lived. "We are talking about the intention to intimidate civilians, efforts to destroy the critical infrastructure of Ukraine before winter, to plunge the country into darkness and frost," the Head of the President's Office emphasized. Andriy Yermak noted that the Russian authorities are considering the possibility of purchasing missiles and other weapons for attacks on Ukraine. He emphasized that the Russian aggressor directs his efforts not only against our state, but also against the entire civilized world. "I think there is no doubt in anyone's mind that we are dealing with a terrorist state. Russia is a terrorist state that today uses Iran in its fight against the United States and its allies, including Israel. Andriy Yermak is convinced that Russia is the European Hezbollah. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that without reliable air defense systems, no one in Ukraine will be able to feel safe: children will not be able to go to school, and civilians will be left without heat and electricity. "Finally, our allies and partners, in particular the USA, Great Britain and other states, confirmed the start of work on providing Ukraine with air defense systems," he noted. Andriy Yermak called on Israel to join effective assistance to Ukraine, because at a time when the aggressor poses threats to the whole world, it is impossible to remain an outside observer. According to him, it is important to unblock military-technical cooperation between the two countries. In particular, according to the Head of the President's Office, Jewish public organizations are now able to influence the situation and persuade the Israeli government to provide our state with the necessary systems. "Today, the voice of each of you and your organizations is critically important in the issue of air defense, in which Israel has really great experience, and most importantly - it has these systems," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Office of the President also noted the importance of information support to Ukraine in difficult times of war. "Explain as much as possible to both citizens and politicians what Russia's real goals are in this war, as well as what Ukraine is fighting for. This is necessary not only for us - this is also a guarantee of peace for Israel," noted Andriy Yermak. He urged to support Ukraine in concluding the Kyiv Security Compact on the mechanism of security guarantees, recommendations for which were developed by an international group of experts chaired by the Head of the President's Office and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. Andriy Yermak emphasized that despite war, Ukraine will not stop in the development and support of the Babyn Yar Memorial Center, although the hostilities make their adjustments. "This memorial will develop and truly become one of the most powerful memorials in the world," he assured. For his part, Chairman of the Executive Board of the Jewish Agency for Israel and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial Center Natan Sharansky noted that the war in Ukraine is not just a tragedy for the Ukrainian people, it is a war for the future of the entire free world. "That's why I, like everyone present here, believe that being together with Ukraine at this moment is not just a moral obligation, it is in the interests of Israel," said Natan Sharansky. He noted that the systems of early warning about missile attacks, which Israel is ready to provide, will help Ukraine use air defense means more economically and inform citizens more quickly. However, according to him, Israel can provide much more help, so this is only the first step and everything should be decided in the process of negotiations. "Our duty is to do everything so that Israel does this. The people of Ukraine need this, but we, as part of the free world, also need this, because Putin has encroached on the foundations of the free world and wants to deprive us of this freedom," said Natan Sharansky. Chief Rabbi of Kyiv, President of the Union of Jewish Religious Organizations of Ukraine Yaakov Dov Bleich emphasized that in this historic struggle, Israel must be on the side of truth and protection of people's lives. "We are talking now about saving lives - this is not about politics, not about elections. We are talking now about the war against people, against the nation. This is terror to destroy people. We have to do something to stop this," said Yaakov Dov Bleich. "We must fight against terror, we must do everything possible to stop the killing of civilians. Everyone saw these mass burials on the territory of the de-occupied cities - in Bucha, in the Kharkiv region. We cannot turn a blind eye," he added. The Chief Rabbi of Kyiv offered to establish an international committee of Jews to support Ukraine in the fight against terror and appeal to the government and people of Israel to support Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine