1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221555/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The principled stance of a warrior is an extension of the principles instilled by their family and teacher – President of Ukraine on the eve of Educators' Day 29 September 2023 - 17:12 On the occasion of the upcoming Educators' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to educators and also awarded certificates for the President's Prize to the winners of international student Olympiads and their mentors. Head of State holds meeting with EBRD President 29 September 2023 - 15:49 Ukraine is interested in continuing cooperation with the EBRD, particularly in the areas of energy security, trade financing, support for critical infrastructure and municipalities, food security, the corporate sector, and more. President of Ukraine pays tribute to memory of Babyn Yar victims 29 September 2023 - 11:58 On the 82nd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the victims of Nazi mass shootings of civilians in occupied Kyiv during World War II. We will do everything to ensure the safety of Ukraine and the entire Europe from Russian nuclear blackmail – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 September 2023 - 21:31 Ukraine has become a member of the Board of Governors of this organization. The International Atomic Energy Agency. And this not only underscores our international security role but also provides real opportunities for Ukraine to influence the adoption of decisions that are binding for all IAEA members and the entire international community. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of the Armed Forces of France 28 September 2023 - 18:17 The Head of State acknowledged France's comprehensive assistance to Ukraine. He highly appreciated President Emmanuel Macron's personal role in supporting international initiatives of our state and decisions to strengthen Ukrainian defense forces. It is only a matter of time before Ukraine becomes a de jure member of NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Jens Stoltenberg in Kyiv 28 September 2023 - 14:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, who arrived in Ukraine on a visit. Olena Zelenska in an interview with CBS: It's not enough for the world to be aware of the violence of Russians against Ukrainian children – criminals must be punished 28 September 2023 - 13:12 Victims of the violence committed by the Russian military against Ukrainian children will begin to testify en masse when they see that the perpetrators are punished, and Ukraine relies on the world's help in establishing justice in this matter. This was stated by First Lady Olena Zelenska in an interview with CBS. Baroness Helena Kennedy to become co-chair of the international expert group Bring Kids Back UA 28 September 2023 - 09:27 The Head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, invited Baroness Helena Kennedy KC, a well-known lawyer specializing in human rights and civil liberties, child protection, and Director of the International Bar Association’s Human Rights Institute, to become the co-chair of the high-level expert group "Bring Kids Back UA". Ihor Zhovkva met with the Advisor to the President of Moldova on Defense and National Security, Secretary of the Supreme Security Council 28 September 2023 - 09:15 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked the Moldovan side for its participation in the implementation of certain points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula on energy and food security. President meets with Secretary of State for Defenсe of the United Kingdom 28 September 2023 - 08:20 The interlocutors discussed the issue of bolstering Ukraine's air defence, which is particularly important in the run-up to the winter season. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine