1 capture 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In the leading capitals, humanity must overcome fear and benefits, and then the Ukrainian sky will be safe, and the cities will be unblocked - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 12:23 Russia has not lost as much aircraft in the past 30 years as in these 13 days in Ukraine. But they still have enough machinery to kill. There are still enough missiles for terror. Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Today Ukraine is fighting for its freedom and independence, but the success of our struggle depends not only on our state, but also on all countries of the civilized world. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk informed that the functioning of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy affected by the shelling of the Russian troops had been agreed on as of today. Every day of resistance creates better conditions for Ukraine in the negotiations to guarantee our future in peace - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 23:42 In the south of our country, such a national movement has unfolded, such a powerful manifestation of Ukrainianness that we have never seen in the streets and squares there. And for Russia it is like a nightmare. Ukrainian and Russian delegations clarified details of functioning of humanitarian corridors - Mykhailo Podoliak 7 March 2022 - 20:53 "We have received some positive results in terms of logistics of humanitarian corridors. They will be amended, and we will receive more effective assistance to people who are currently suffering from the aggression of the Russian Federation," he said. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Ronald Reagan Freedom Award 7 March 2022 - 20:41 Frederick Ryan stressed that this high award honors the leadership of the President of Ukraine and the steadfastness of millions of Ukrainians who defend their right to choose their own future and inspire the entire civilized world to fight for the values of freedom and democracy to which Ronald Reagan dedicated his life. A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The Office of the President of Ukraine together with UNICEF and the Ministry of Social Policy have created a bot "Child is not alone" to help minors in difficult situations in wartime. The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 Peaceful people of a belligerent state! We have been defending ourselves against the invasion for 12 days already. We never wanted this war. But it was brought to us. We never dreamed of killing. But we have to knock out the enemy. From our land and from our lives. The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 We will not forgive the destroyed houses. We will not forgive the missile that our air defense shot down over Okhmatdyt today. And more than five hundred other such missiles that hit our land. We will not forgive the shooting of unarmed people. Destruction of our infrastructure. Hundreds and hundreds of victims. Thousands and thousands of sufferings. And God will not forgive. Not today. Not tomorrow. Never. And instead of Forgiveness, there will be a Day of Judgment. Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the people through the Global Citizen platform to promote the decision to protect the Ukrainian sky from Russian attacks, civilians from bombing, and Ukrainian cities from destruction. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine