14 captures 19 Jul 2022 - 28 Feb 2026 Jun JUL Aug 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220720112700/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/hoch-bi-yak-okupanti-namagalisya-shovatisya-zsu-j-nasha-rozv-76541 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 23:13 View all videos n latest news No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 22:59 Olena Zelenska started her visit to the United States 19 July 2022 - 10:01 Provide information and emotional support to our people in the occupied areas, tell them about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2022 - 22:37 Actions and inaction of every official in the security sector and in the law enforcement agencies will be evaluated - address by the President of Ukraine 17 July 2022 - 22:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 22:59 Ukrainians! All our defenders! Every day, the occupiers give new reasons for recognizing Russia as a terrorist state. Last night, they carried out a missile attack on a village in the Odesa region - 7 sea-based "Kalibr" missiles against an ordinary village. These are not cheap or simple missiles - Russia was very proud of them. And what did they hit? An ordinary rural field and a non-working farm, rural houses, outbuildings, a lyceum, a cultural center. No military sense. Just terror. Fortunately, there were no casualties - people reacted in time to the air-raid warning signal. But six locals were injured, including a 5-month-old child. She and her mother are given all the necessary aid. These are the targets of Russian cruise missiles. And what kind of wimp do you have to be to fulfill commands for such missile strikes at peaceful villages and cities? Even fish and rapana in the Black Sea have more dignity than the officers of the Russian fleet. Over the past day, the targets for Russian shelling were also Nikopol and other settlements of the Dnipropetrovsk region, the Kharkiv region, Mykolaiv, Kramatorsk - a cruise missile hit the center of the city, Slovyansk, Toretsk and other cities of Donbas. Many casualties, many wounded... The occupiers shelled the border areas of the Sumy region. At the captured Zaporizhzhia NPP and in Enerhodar there are new facts of terror against workers and local residents... No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces of Ukraine and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes and our state will identify every Russian criminal who is guilty in the terror of Ukrainians. Increasing American support for Ukraine, additional assistance to protect people from Russian terror, addressing humanitarian needs are all the tasks of the ongoing visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the United States. Today, on the second day of the visit, a meeting at the White House with First Lady Jill Biden took place - President Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris and her husband came to greet the First Lady of Ukraine. I am grateful to the presidential couple of the United States, all representatives of the American Administration and every American family for their warmth towards our country and our people. And I expect from this visit of the First Lady significant results for Ukraine in cooperation with America. It is important right now. There have already been meetings with Secretary of State Antony Blinken, with Samantha Power and other influential female politicians representing the government and parliamentary structures of America. Tomorrow Olena will speak in the Congress - on behalf of all Ukrainian mothers, all Ukrainian women, and it will be an important address. And I really believe that it will be heard by those on whom decision-making in the US depends. Today I had phone conversations with three leaders. I informed President of Poland Andrzej Duda about the situation on the frontline. We discussed further steps in countering Russian aggression. I spoke with Prime Minister of Italy Mario Draghi. I thanked him for his honest and principled position in defense of our common European values. In the evening, I also spoke with the President of Côte d'Ivoire. I informed him about our efforts to counter the food crisis, which was created by Russia and which threatens the world with large-scale hunger. The renewal of the power vertical of the state is in progress. Today I appointed new heads of regional offices of the Security Service of Ukraine in the Zakarpattia, Poltava, Sumy, Dnipropetrovsk and Kharkiv regions. I also dismissed one of the deputy heads of the Security Service of Ukraine. I am grateful to the members of the competition commission on the election of the head of the Specialized Anticorruption Prosecutor's Office for finalizing the competition. The decision on the winner has been approved. A new Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine - Oksana Zholnovych - was appointed as well. I expect her to be more active in explaining to people all the nuances of state social policy - specific people's rights, payment mechanisms and other opportunities provided by the state. It is also necessary to speed up the modernization of the regulatory framework for social policy, and the role of the minister in this should be significant. It is very important that today the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine implemented the initiative of Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak to set up a special commission to control the use of weapons provided by our partners. The commission included representatives of all parliamentary factions and groups. I want to emphasize: there is no ground for any claims to our state in this regard. Our partners are fully informed about how we use the weapons provided. But in order to put an end to any manipulations of Russian propagandists and those who help them in Ukraine or somewhere else, such an additional parliamentary control tool will enter into force. I signed another decree on awarding our warriors. 185 servicemen were awarded state awards, five of them posthumously. Eternal memory to all those who gave their lives for Ukraine! Glory to all who defend and strengthen our state! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine