1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=40 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President creates working group to develop proposals to mitigate threats from construction of gas pipelines bypassing Ukraine 16 September 2021 - 21:29 In connection with the construction of gas pipelines bypassing Ukraine and challenges in the energy sector, in particular the implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project, which contains direct threats to national security and the security of the entire region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed order No. 545/2021-rp on September 16, creating a working group to develop proposals to manage the relevant risks. First results of visit of Zelenskyy to the United States: Ukraine may receive new air defense systems 15 September 2021 - 12:42 Thanks to the agreements that were reached during the visit of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States of America, Ukraine may receive new air and missile defense systems, in particular the Iron Dome system. The Ukraine air defense amendment to the draft 2022 defense bill was introduced by Representative Scott Franklin and passed by a bipartisan vote. President will prevent judicial reform from derailing 13 September 2021 - 15:09 A working meeting will be held at the Office of the President of Ukraine on Thursday, September 16, with the participation of the heads of the judicial bodies, in particular the chairman of the Council of Judges, the Supreme Court, representatives of the parliament, as well as G7 ambassadors. Ukraine cannot be compared to Afghanistan, we are holding up against world's most powerful armies over seven years – President 13 September 2021 - 13:09 Ukraine cannot be compared to Afghanistan, as our state has been holding up against the most powerful armies in the world more than seven years, and in the first days of Russia's escalation Ukrainian people deterred the aggression only with own efforts. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with CNN. President of Ukraine: I am sure our state deserves to host the Olympic Games 11 September 2021 - 23:05 In Ukraine, programs are being implemented that will create the necessary sports infrastructure and decent conditions for the training and preparation of Ukrainian athletes. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the festive events on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the creation of the National Olympic Committee, which took place at the Ukraine National Palace of Arts. Ukrainian President and IOC President discuss Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 and a possible future candidature 11 September 2021 - 22:04 During a meeting in Kyiv Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated President Thomas Bach on the delivery of extremely safe and successful Olympic Games. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presents urban park in Kyiv: we will encourage the Ukrainian to go in for sports with such cool modern entertainment "magnets" 11 September 2021 - 19:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with President of the International Olympic Committee Thomas Bach, who is visiting Ukraine, came to the urban park on the territory of the National Complex Expocentre of Ukraine (VDNG). President instructs government to immediately restore St. Nicholas Church 10 September 2021 - 21:23 In order to support and protect the cultural heritage of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has tasked the government to ensure the restoration of St. Nicholas Roman Catholic Church in Kyiv, which was damaged by fire on the night of September 4. This is stated in a letter of the head of state addressed to Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia does not want a swift end to war in Donbas, and we need to make it have a desire to speak in detail about de-occupation of our territories 10 September 2021 - 13:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that he would like to hold a substantive summit of the leaders of the countries participating in Normandy format, which would end with concrete results and bring the end of the war in Donbas and the de-occupation of Ukrainian territories as close as possible. President at YES Brainstorming: we must put a stop to wars among humans before wars do away with humanity 10 September 2021 - 13:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the world needs to unite in an effort to overcome new global challenges together, which will be more and more difficult each time, because the on-your-own policy ends with the all-against-all struggle. The head of state said this during his speech at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine