6 captures 02 Dec 2021 - 04 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-zasidannya-rnbo-na-yakomu-zastosovano-68465 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, which imposed sanctions on thieves in law and instructed to conduct an audit of state lands in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya 14 May 2021 - 19:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, at which a decision was made to apply sanctions against representatives of criminal groups, the Cyber Security Development Strategy was approved and the creation of a nationwide digital multichannel television network Multiplex was agreed. According to the decision of the National Security and Defense Council, restrictive measures were applied to 557 so-called thieves in law, 542 of them are foreigners, 15 are citizens of Ukraine. Sanctions have also been imposed on 111 foreign nationals who are currently on the territory of Ukraine and are considered crime bosses. "All of these persons are subject to: blocking of assets, ban on entry into the territory of Ukraine, refusal to grant a visa, abolition of visa, temporary or permanent residence permit, immigration permit, refusal to extend the period of stay in Ukraine, inability to acquire Ukrainian citizenship and forced expulsion. In a word: those who are not in Ukraine have nothing to come here for. Those who are in Ukraine have nothing to stay here for," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said in a video address following a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. Sanctions, which expire in May, have also been extended for a number of Russian and Ukrainian citizens and Russian companies. In addition, the National Security and Defense Council discussed sanctions imposed by Western partners on Ukrainian citizens. According to Oleksiy Danilov, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council, Ukraine has submitted an official request to the United States regarding every citizen of Ukraine - when and on the basis of what sanctions were imposed - in order to react correspondingly to these individuals in Ukraine. "To date, it is known about 61 citizens of Ukraine, against whom the United States has imposed sanctions. The same inquiries regarding these people will be submitted to European partners," Oleksiy Danilov said. In addition, according to the decision of the National Security and Defense Council, an audit will be conducted of state lands and buildings in Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya, which were provided to outsiders for a symbolic fee in times of the previous government. These are 365 hectares of preserved state area and more than 100 state buildings and cottages (71 houses in Koncha-Zaspa and 32 in Pushcha-Vodytsya). “Today I have set a task to conduct a full audit of the lands and residences of Koncha-Zaspa and Pushcha-Vodytsya to make a complete list of persons living there and find out under what conditions they obtained this right. That is, all the necessary information, after which we will begin the great migration of these people,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. In addition, in order to ensure information security, the National Security and Defense Council decided to build a nationwide digital multichannel television network Multiplex MX-7, which by the end of 2021 should cover at least 95% of Ukraine, including border regions. MX-7 will broadcast from 10 to 12 channels. First of all, it is about state TV companies and Public broadcasting. All commercial channels will be allowed to broadcast based on the results of a competition held by the National Council on Television and Radio Broadcasting. The operator of the multiplex is the Broadcasting, Radiocommunications & Television Concern, which is part of the State Service for Special Communication and Information Protection of Ukraine. The project will be implemented by obtaining a loan under state guarantees in the amount of UAH 490 million within the national security and defense program. Also, the National Security and Defense Council adopted a Cyber Security Development Strategy for the next five years. "The quality and relevance of this document were at the highest level. From the audit of the current situation, from the understanding of what we need to do to make our country a leading country in the world in the field of cyber defense, - all this is noted in the Strategy," said Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov. In addition, the Human Development Strategy was approved. The issues of priority measures to ensure biological safety, biological protection, ensuring sanitary and epidemiological well-being were also considered. The National Security and Defense Council considered proposals for the budget declaration for 2022-2024 under articles related to national security and defense of Ukraine, and three representatives from the National Security and Defense Council were appointed to the commission for the election of the director of the Economic Security Bureau of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine