12 captures 17 Mar 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220317180037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-pid-chas-onlajn-zustrichi-zaklikav-providni-in-73637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world must officially recognize that Russia has become a terrorist state - address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2022 - 01:15 View all videos n latest news During the online meeting, Andriy Yermak called on the world's leading investment companies to participate in the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 17 March 2022 - 19:13 President paid a visit to the hospital with residents of the Kyiv region wounded by enemy shelling 17 March 2022 - 17:05 Ukraine needs effective security guarantees that will work unconditionally - Mykhailo Podolyak 17 March 2022 - 16:13 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the Bundestag 17 March 2022 - 12:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with the SES employees who took part in eliminating the consequences of Russian aggression 17 March 2022 - 18:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office During the online meeting, Andriy Yermak called on the world's leading investment companies to participate in the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 17 March 2022 - 19:13 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online conference with representatives of the world's leading investment companies. He said that the Russian army continues to bomb Ukrainian cities, killing civilians and children. "Today the whole world is talking about the terrible situation in Mariupol. The situation is not much better in Kharkiv, in the settlements around Kyiv. But Ukraine will never give up, will never give up its independence. And the army of a non-NATO country has stopped and continues to fight one of the largest armies in the world," Andriy Yermak stressed. According to him, negotiations with the Russian Federation to end the war are not easy, and it is very difficult to predict everything that the parties may eventually agree on. But there is definitely no compromise for Ukraine regarding its independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Head of the President's Office is convinced that Russia's war against Ukraine has destroyed the structure of not only European, but also world security, and we need to build a new one, where our state will have one of the key positions. Andriy Yermak also noted that after the end of the war, Ukrainians will rebuild their beautiful country very quickly. To this end, Ukraine plans to raise funds from international partners, as well as reparations to be paid by the Russian Federation. He called on businesses to invest in the purchase of military bonds of the Ukrainian government, and responsible companies that have already left or are leaving Russia - to refocus on Ukraine in the future. Also, according to the Head of the Office of the President, it would be appropriate to consider the creation of special funds or individual programs for the restoration and reconstruction of Ukraine. "The best answer to the inhumane acts we see now in our country will be the appearance of the most modern buildings and enterprises on the site of destroyed buildings, where Ukrainians will be able to work. And we hope that thanks to this, people who are now forced to leave Ukraine will quickly return to their homeland," Andriy Yermak summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine