6 captures 01 Jun 2020 - 03 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323042002/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pereviryatimu-postijno-dopoki-nadbavki-ne-nadijdut-vsim-lika-61265 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:02 Speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at Chatham House 22 March 2022 - 22:17 As a result of talks with Russia, Ukraine expects an end to aggression and withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukrainian territory - Andriy Yermak 22 March 2022 - 20:45 20 children - cancer patients arrived in France for treatment 22 March 2022 - 18:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events I will check constantly until all doctors receive the allowance - President 21 May 2020 - 12:50 By the end of the week, all hospitals that have fought coronavirus will have concluded the agreements with the National Health Service for the payment of allowance to doctors for April. This was reported to President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the traditional meeting on prevention of the spread of COVID-19. Currently, almost 80% of agreements have been concluded. All emergency medical services have concluded the agreements already. "There should be no such delay with the April allowances as with the March ones. I am glad that the percentage of concluded agreements has increased substantially. However, I will check constantly until all doctors receive the allowance. Today, doctors are our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The parties also discussed further compliance with safety rules in the transition to adaptive quarantine. Quarantine has proven to be the most effective way to combat coronavirus. This is indicated not only by the statistics of the spread of the virus in other countries, but also by the mortality rate, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said. For example, the mortality rate in Sweden is 6.25%, in the United Kingdom - 5.7%, while in Ukraine it ranges from 2.7% to 2.9%. "These figures prove once again that Ukraine was saved by timely quarantine measures and a large percentage of people who adhered to them. These indicators should not make a misleading impression, so that people do not think that now the danger of coronavirus can be treated carelessly," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine