6 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 18 Jan 2026 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130104752/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Smyrnov discussed the roadmap of judicial reform in Ukraine with diplomatic representatives of G7 and EU countries 12 January 2023 - 17:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting with the heads and representatives of the embassies of the Group of Seven (G7) and the EU states in Ukraine, which was devoted to the assessment of the current state and further steps in the judicial reform in Ukraine. President held a regular meeting of the Staff 12 January 2023 - 17:06 Reports on the current situation on the main directions of the front and possible actions of the enemy were heard. Separately, the participants focused on the situation in the hottest areas - in Bakhmut and Soledar. The importance of prompt and uninterrupted provision of the units defending this area with all necessary means and ammunition was emphasized. Ukraine expects a joint decision of partners on the transfer of modern tanks - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:48 Ukraine expects a joint decision of the partner countries on the transfer of modern tanks to strengthen the Armed Forces of Ukraine after the adoption of the relevant important decision by Poland. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv. Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania together will go all the way to restore security of our state and the whole of Europe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:02 Russian aggression will be depleted only when Russian ambitions have no other alternative except for the defeat. All Russian ambitions - on the front, in politics, in economy, in the legal sphere. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Andrzej Duda and Gitanas Nausėda held a meeting in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 18:14 The main attention was paid to security issues. The leaders had thoroughly discussed the supply of weapons to Ukraine and concrete opportunities to limit the potential of Russian aggression. Joint declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of Poland Andrzej Duda following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle 11 January 2023 - 18:07 The leaders of the Lublin Triangle reaffirm their readiness to further strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 16:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle held in Lviv. President held a meeting on security situation in northwestern regions of Ukraine in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 13:12 In particular, the parties discussed the operational situation on the border with the Republic of Belarus. In addition, information was provided on counter-subversive measures in the relevant territories. Free world has everything necessary to stop Russian aggression; it is important for global democracy - address by the President of Ukraine 10 January 2023 - 22:04 The defeat of the Russian aggression must remain unalterable, no matter who and what Russia tries to throw into the battle. Ukraine needs as many weapons as possible from partner countries to end this war in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 10 January 2023 - 20:58 Supplying weapons and armored vehicles to Ukraine will allow minimizing losses among Ukrainian citizens, shortening the duration of the war and accelerating its completion in a fair way that will restore the authority of international law. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine