7 captures 07 Nov 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230506224504/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/peremoga-ukrayini-j-nastannya-miru-maye-bazuvatisya-na-povaz-78965 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:39 View all videos n latest news We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:35 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 President at the Infantry Day celebrations: No matter what our enemy does, Ukrainian infantrymen are stronger, our time is the time for victory 6 May 2023 - 17:23 Oleksiy Kuleba met with the new Head of the ICRC delegation to Ukraine Jürg Eglin 6 May 2023 - 09:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in festivities on the Infantry Day 6 May 2023 - 17:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ukraine's victory, advent of peace must be based on respect for territorial integrity, international law – Andriy Yermak at briefing after meeting with Jake Sullivan 5 November 2022 - 09:54 Ukraine's victory in the full-scale war unleashed by Russia must be based on the fundamental principles of the UN Charter and international law, respect for the principle of territorial integrity and the inviolability of internationally recognized borders. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak at a joint briefing with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan who was on a visit to Ukraine. "Today we must clearly formulate what is the Ukraine peace plan. It was voiced by President Zelenskyy during an online speech at the UN General Assembly. This plan is based on those principles, which are very difficult to oppose today for someone who respects the UN Charter, territorial integrity, internationally recognized borders and international law, which provides for accountability for criminal crimes," he said. Yermak expressed hope that this issue will become a key one at the G20 Heads of State and Government Summit on November 15-16 in Indonesia and that this summit will be a demonstration of the unity of the international community in supporting Ukraine and our victory. "And our victory is also clearly formulated by us – it is the return of our territorial integrity in full, compensation for all that the invaders did to our country, the return of all our people from captivity and the return of the world to a clear system of international security. These are security guarantees that Ukraine needs so that this can never happen again in the future," the head of the Office of the President said. Yermak reminded that President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy clearly stated that he will not participate in the G20 summit if the President of Russia is present there. At the same time, according to the head of the Office of the President, Ukraine is still in contact with the rest of the participants of the upcoming summit and is grateful to the United States and other partners for their work on consolidating support for our country. For his part, Jake Sullivan recalled the recent statement of the G7 leaders that they welcomed a just peace in Ukraine. Sullivan said that we all seek peace, but the elements of this peace contain the fundamental principles of the UN Charter. It is respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity that countries cannot seize the territories of neighboring countries by force, he said. The advisor to the President of the United States called unacceptable the statements of Russian officials that the Russian Federation retains the occupied Ukrainian lands, as the UN Charter does not allow the forcible seizure of territories, the violation of sovereignty and territorial integrity. Sullivan said that this war could be easily stopped. Russia launched it, and it can quickly end it simply by ending the occupation. And that's exactly what it must do, in our opinion, Sullivan is convinced. He also recalled the words of US President Joe Biden, who from the very beginning of the Russian war clearly declared that "nothing about Ukraine without Ukraine." Yermak, for his part, said that all partners of our country, in particular the United States, the UK, Germany, France, say that they will support Ukraine to victory. "And our understanding of victory completely coincides with the understanding of our partners. Therefore, there is no question of any pressure on us. Today, we have very friendly relations of mutual respect. But this is the result of the courageous struggle of the Ukrainian nation, which will definitely win," the head of the President's Office said. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the President’s Office with the Advisor to the U.S. President 4 November 2022 - 21:10 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the President’s Office with the Advisor to the U.S. President 4 November 2022 - 21:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine