1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071834/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=36 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine met with the UN Secretary-General 22 September 2021 - 08:40 As part of the participation in the 76th session of the UN General Assembly in New York, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres. President met with business representatives and potential investors in New York 21 September 2021 - 22:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with business representatives and potential investors (American Jewish Committee) in New York. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Commission discussed the priorities in Ukraine's relations with the European Union in the context of preparations for the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit 21 September 2021 - 21:33 During his visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of the 76th session of the UN General Assembly 21 September 2021 - 18:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of the 76th session of the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Head of State approves Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine 17 September 2021 - 20:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy put into effect the decision of the National Security and Defense Council made on August 20, 2021 and approved the Strategic Defense Bulletin of Ukraine. Decree No. 473/2021 was signed by the Head of State on September 17. Zelenskyy chairs National Security and Defense Council meeting where decision to boost Ukraine's defense budget for 2022 made 17 September 2021 - 20:33 Under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council (NSDC) was held, at which the budget for the security and defense sector for 2022 was discussed. President of Ukraine to arrive in the United States on September 20 to participate in 76th Session of UN General Assembly – spokesman 17 September 2021 - 20:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Monday, September 20, will arrive in the United States on a working visit to attend the 76th Session of the UN General Assembly in New York. This was announced by Spokesman for the head of state Serhiy Nykyforov. Zelenskyy meets with Ukrainian Paralympians: You are supermen who have no disabilities, but super power 17 September 2021 - 13:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with his wife Olena, met with the athletes of the Ukrainian national team – champions and prize-winners of the Tokyo 2020 Summer Paralympic Games and awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to swimmer Maksym Krypak. President: Rescuers are real heroes of our time, we are proud of them 17 September 2021 - 12:20 On the Day of the Rescuer, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the awarding ceremony of the Hero Rescuer of the Year nationwide event, and also congratulated the employees of the State Emergency Service on their professional holiday. President creates working group to develop proposals to mitigate threats from construction of gas pipelines bypassing Ukraine 16 September 2021 - 21:29 In connection with the construction of gas pipelines bypassing Ukraine and challenges in the energy sector, in particular the implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project, which contains direct threats to national security and the security of the entire region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed order No. 545/2021-rp on September 16, creating a working group to develop proposals to manage the relevant risks. 1 2 ... 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine