20 captures 17 Oct 2024 - 15 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: University of Michigan Bentley Historical Library Archive-It Partner 934: University of Michigan Bentley Historical Library Collection: Michigan Historical Collections Web Archives The Michigan Historical Collections Web Archives document the activities of individuals, organizations, and voluntary organizations in the state of Michigan, with particular emphasis on websites and other resources related to religious groups, social justice, ethnic communities, business, and politics. These materials complement and/or supplement additional physical and digital archives held by the University of Michigan's Bentley Historical Library. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241017173731/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cogo-tizhnya-predstavimo-vsim-partneram-u-yevropi-nashu-stra-93825 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All European Leaders Will Hear How Our Positions Must Be Strengthened – Address by the President 17 October 2024 - 09:32 View all videos n latest news Nuclear Security: The Fifth Conference Following the First Peace Summit Took Place in Paris 17 October 2024 - 19:55 Ukraine’s Future EU Membership and Financial Support: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Meets with the President and Leaders of European Parliament Political Groups 17 October 2024 - 19:39 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Implementation of the Victory Plan Will Strengthen Us and Give Ukrainians Confidence in the Future 17 October 2024 - 16:03 Greece Will Provide Additional Resources to Accelerate F-16 Training for Ukrainian Pilots – Bilateral Agreement 17 October 2024 - 14:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 17 October 2024 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches This Week, We Will Present to All Our Partners in Europe Our Strategy for Compelling Russia to Bring This War to a Just End – Address by the President 14 October 2024 - 18:48 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A brief summary of the day. A long report by Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi – the frontline and especially the Pokrovsk direction. The Kursk operation and our vision of further actions on the foothold. I held a meeting of the Staff. Several issues. Among the most important was the report of the intelligence services – the Foreign Intelligence Service and the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine – on the intentions of the Russians for the fall and winter. Everything was quite detailed. The actual involvement of North Korea in the war. Also, Russia's relations with some other countries, that, unfortunately, are investing in prolonging the war. Also, the direction of foreign policy: our relations with partners and possible steps that can help us defend ourselves and achieve results despite everything. I thank our intelligence, all the specialists involved for the full picture. In return, I have given specific tasks to the Defense Forces, the Security Forces, the Government and our diplomats. Whoever helps Russia, we will respond as toughly as necessary to defend Ukraine. There will be respective work with our partners to ensure that Russia's intentions do not work. And it is possible. This is exactly what will happen. Today, Deputy Prime Minister Stefanishyna delivered a report on the negotiations in Washington and other capitals at the team level on the geopolitical point of our Victory Plan. The military officials are working at their levels with our partners on the military points. This week, we will present to all our partners in Europe our strategy for compelling Russia to bring this war to a just end. Of course, the Victory Plan will be made public. Moreover, along with the initial response we have received from our partners. And all of us in Ukraine really need maximum support. And one more thing. There was a report by Oleksandr Kamyshin on our production, domestic production and supply to the army. As of today, there are already one million drones that have been purchased at state expense and delivered to the front. And this is only the state's contribution. There are also supplies from volunteers, from all those who support us. I want to thank everyone who makes our army technologically advanced: all Ukrainian manufacturers, our entire state sector, all partners who invest in the production of drones in Ukraine. We will continue increasing this supply, and the main thing is that technological development helps us protect our warriors' lives. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine