3 captures 20 Jul 2022 - 26 Feb 2024 Jun JUL Aug 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220720152410/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-zi-spivgolovoyu-komit-76545 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 23:13 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Council 20 July 2022 - 15:37 The Office of the President conducts weekly briefings on the use of the received weapons so that our partners do not have any questions - Andriy Yermak in an interview with НВ. 20 July 2022 - 14:00 Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with the Ranking Member of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee 20 July 2022 - 13:16 No matter how the occupiers try to hide, the Armed Forces and our intelligence will ensure retaliatory strikes, and every Russian criminal will be identified - address by the President of Ukraine 19 July 2022 - 22:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with the Ranking Member of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee 20 July 2022 - 13:16 In a phone conversation, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Ranking Member of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator James Risch discussed the importance of intensifying arms supplies and deepening international sanctions. Andriy Yermak expressed appreciation of the bipartisan support vital for Ukraine. The Presidential Office Head briefed the senator on the current situation on the front and the US-provided weapons efficiency used by the Armed Forces of Ukraine. "Having a sufficient number of effective weapons and ammunition will enable Ukraine to speed up the successful liberation of our people and territories and help save a huge number of lives," Andriy Yermak said. He informed the interlocutor about the work of the Yermak-McFaul international expert group regarding recommendations to Ukraine's allies and partners to increase sanctions pressure on Russia. Andriy Yermak noted the importance of designating Russia a state sponsor of terrorism and expressed hope that the respective resolution will get strong support when voted in the US Senate. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine