1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053026/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=70 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: No nationality in Ukraine should feel like a minority, because we are all equal and worthy 13 July 2021 - 12:46 National communities in Ukraine must be an integral part of Ukrainian society without losing their identity. To this end, work is underway to develop a bill on the national communities of Ukraine, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Humanitarian Policy" in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is our duty to make Babyn Yar a place of memory, not a place of oblivion 13 July 2021 - 12:30 Preservation of historical memory is an important component of Ukraine’s humanitarian policy. Therefore, by the 90th anniversary of the Holodomor of 1932-1933, the second stage of the National Museum of the Holodomor-Genocide will be completed. It is also important to honor the memory of the victims of the tragedy in Babyn Yar, the 80th anniversary of which will be marked this September. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine-30. Humanitarian Policy" in Kyiv. All countries must put pressure on Russia to hold a meeting in the Normandy format to establish peace in Ukraine - President 12 July 2021 - 22:38 The President of Ukraine called for increased pressure on Russia to make it fulfill its peacekeeping commitments. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Nord Stream 2 should be considered in the format of the Normandy Four, because this is an issue of security in Ukraine 12 July 2021 - 22:22 The implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project should be considered at a meeting in the Normandy format with representatives of Germany and France, as it is an integral part of Ukraine’s security. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel with media representatives in Berlin. President of Ukraine keeps saying that the damage from Nord Stream 2 will be of not only economic, but also security nature - Press Secretary 12 July 2021 - 19:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy brought significant arguments to the talks in Germany against the construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which poses both economic and security threats. This was announced by Press Secretary of the President Serhiy Nykyforov during a conversation with the media in Berlin. In a phone conversation, Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Maia Sandu on the successful holding of the parliamentary elections in Moldova 12 July 2021 - 18:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu. The President congratulated his colleague on the successful holding of early elections to the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Federal President of Germany discussed the progress in implementing reforms in Ukraine 12 July 2021 - 17:33 The interlocutors paid attention to the security situation in eastern Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that our country is doing everything possible for a peaceful settlement in Donbas. In Berlin, the President of Ukraine met with the Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia, the head of the CDU party Armin Laschet 11 July 2021 - 23:21 During a working visit to Germany, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia, the head of the Christian Democratic Union Armin Laschet. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena met with the athletes who will represent Ukraine at the 32nd Summer Olympics in Tokyo 11 July 2021 - 17:08 On Sunday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the headquarters of the National Olympic Committee of Ukraine (Olympic House) in Kyiv. There they met with the athletes who will represent our country at the 32nd Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State Victoria Nuland 10 July 2021 - 14:46 In furtherance of the regular dialogue with the American party, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland on July 9. 1 2 ... 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine