3 captures 30 Oct 2020 - 04 Jun 2023 Jun JUL Aug 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220706195434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-otrimali-unikalnij-shans-dlya-provedennya-vsih-neobhidnih-57069 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Ukraine expects to receive air defense systems from partners to protect the sky - Head of State 6 July 2022 - 18:24 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Ireland, whose visit to our country is the first since independence 6 July 2022 - 18:01 The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:35 President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Ireland 6 July 2022 - 16:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: We have got a unique chance to implement all the necessary reforms 2 September 2019 - 14:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Ukraine was in a truly unique situation at the moment when it had the political will and opportunities to implement all the necessary reforms. “Now we have a unique situation, a truly unique chance to implement all the necessary reforms. I really want that. We have everything: political will of the President, majority in the Verkhovna Rada, government and Prime Minister that are willing to work. The only thing we lack is time. Society won’t wait for something to start working in Ukraine in several years,” the Head of State noted during a meeting with the leadership of the Verkhovna Rada, the Cabinet of Ministers and the law enforcement bodies. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the new composition of the Verkhovna Rada, the newly appointed government and the leadership of the law enforcement bodies shared the same views. The President emphasized that today’s meeting would become a reference point outlining priorities and setting tasks and deadlines for their implementation. “We are well aware that a checks and balances system is required for a democratic country. Let’s be frank: we have had a hybrid one for 28 years. In fact, it was a system restraining the appetite and whims of various political forces. We had a disproportionate government, banal distribution of Cabinet slots in the coalition, between the parties. So-called political backstage dealings,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. According to him, the laws were adopted focusing not on the priorities and necessities of Ukraine, but on the benefits of certain political forces. “At the same time, the task of the opposition was not to criticize the authorities constructively, but to blackmail them in order to get their piece of political or financial cake,” he emphasized. “What are the results? The reforms failed or were launched as a window display: loudly, pompously, on Facebook, but then everything was wound down quietly. In the end, the government branches were like a circular firing squad, thus, our country was standing still at most,” the President said. The Head of State noted that the situation must change. “Unfortunately, not all parties are willing to work for society, but I think we will find an approach. Otherwise, we will adopt the laws independently. Because we promised that to our voters. And finally, the young government. I am sure we will be able to work together and beat everyone,” the President summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine