1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=40 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Russia cannot defeat Ukraine on the battlefield, so it resorts to the greatest terror since World War II - Andriy Yermak 10 October 2022 - 21:53 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that Ukraine will continue to liberate its territories and approach victory in the war with Russia. He said this while taking part in The Cipher Brief, an event dedicated to security issues, in a video conference format. Andriy Yermak discusses security assistance to Ukraine with chair of Bundestag defense committee 7 October 2022 - 19:45 The main topics of the negotiations were: the need for the strongest possible international reaction to Russia's illegal attempts to annex Ukrainian territories, as well as ways to strengthen defense assistance to our state from Germany. Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 Ukraine is counting on the support of international partners, including the expert environment, in the restoration of housing and social infrastructure destroyed due to the Russian invasion. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko said this while speaking online at the "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference, which took place in Warsaw (Poland). A Symbol of Perseverance: the United24 platform presented bracelets made of metal from "Azovstal", the proceeds from the sale of which will go to support the Armed Forces 6 October 2022 - 10:31 Fundraising platform United24, initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, launched the project "Azovstal. A Symbol of Perseverance" to raise funds to support Ukraine during the war. The first part of the initiative is the charitable release of bracelets made from the last pre-war batch of metal from the Azovstal plant. Andriy Yermak discussed with the diplomats of the Scandinavian countries the situation at the front and strengthening the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine 5 October 2022 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak informed the attendees about Ukraine's success in resisting a full-scale Russian invasion. He emphasized: it is extremely important for our country that partners have comprehensive information about the events at the front, as the security situation in Ukraine depends on it. Ihor Zhovkva held phone consultations with the diplomatic advisors to the Prime Minister of Portugal and the Prime Minister of Spain 5 October 2022 - 18:32 The interlocutors were informed about the liberation by the Armed Forces of Ukraine of a significant number of settlements in the Southern and Eastern directions. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine