7 captures 21 Feb 2023 - 17 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230221160036/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-radnikom-z-pitan-nacionalnoyi-bez-81129 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fate of the world order based on rules, humanity, and predictability is now being decided in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 February 2023 - 22:36 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discussed support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 21 February 2023 - 16:32 The fate of the world order based on rules, humanity, and predictability is now being decided in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 February 2023 - 22:34 President of Ukraine met with IMF Managing Director 20 February 2023 - 19:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden unveiled a plaque dedicated to the U.S. President on the Walk of the Brave 20 February 2023 - 15:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:09 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 21 February 2023 - 16:32 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India Ajit Kumar Doval. Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutor about the current situation at the front, in particular about the extremely difficult defense of the city of Bakhmut in the Donetsk region. "We know that Russia is preparing certain offensive actions, and we are preparing to respond. The Russian army is very unmotivated, while Ukrainian warriors are showing extraordinary bravery and resilience. We will not stop until we liberate all our territories. We only need weapons," the Head of the Presidential Office said. According to him, Ukraine continues to fight on the battlefield, but at the same time has proposed a peace plan - a ten-point Peace Formula that provides comprehensive answers to the question of what needs to be done to end the war in a sustainable and just manner. The draft resolution on support for the principles of the UN Charter, which form the basis of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, will be considered by the UN General Assembly on February 23. The document is based on such fundamental principles as the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of states within internationally recognized borders. Andriy Yermak said that Ukraine is interested in the broadest possible support for the resolution, in particular from the countries of the Global South. "Cooperation with India is very important to us. We believe that you will support our resolution, as it contains very correct wording on the inviolability of borders and territorial integrity. Our goals are transparent and clear: we do not claim a single centimeter of Russian territory, we just want to get ours back," he said. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of forming a new effective security system in the world to replace the ineffective one that existed until February 24, 2022. "This resolution is fundamental for us because it restores respect for international law and the UN Charter in the world. It is very important to protect the territorial integrity of any state in the world in order to prevent any attempts by one country to appropriate the territory of another one in the future," emphasized Andriy Yermak. Andriy Yermak believes these principles are shared by India and the majority of countries of the world. As the Head of the Presidential Office noted, Ukraine welcomes any initiatives that give a chance to end the war and restore the territorial integrity of our country, but these should not be partial temporary solutions such as a ceasefire, but a complete withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukrainian territory. Otherwise, peace will be unstable, and this is unacceptable for Ukraine. "We are absolutely convinced that the war can and should be ended this year, so that the anniversary of the beginning of the full-scale invasion will be the first and last in our history," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The parties agreed to maintain close contact on the eve of the UN General Assembly vote. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine