10 captures 27 Nov 2020 - 16 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220520064635/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-dav-zavdannya-uryadu-yaknajshvidshe-viplatiti-stra-61645 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:56 View all videos n latest news Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:51 President offers to extend the simplified procedure for admission to higher education institutions to graduates from all territories of Ukraine, which are currently temporarily occupied 19 May 2022 - 22:13 President of Ukraine: I am proud that Ukrainian is fashionable in the world 19 May 2022 - 20:55 Thanks to the post-war reconstruction plan, state-of-the-art universities will appear in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 20:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President commissioned the government to provide insurance payments to doctors affected by COVID-19 as soon as possible 15 June 2020 - 13:11 The issue of insurance payments to the families of deceased doctors and those who became disabled as a result of the fight against coronavirus infection COVID-19 was raised by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a traditional conference call on preventing the spread of coronavirus. "Our doctors are heroes. That's for sure. The state should thank them not just in words. I have already raised the issue of insurance payments to doctors affected by coronavirus. There was time for the bureaucracy, now it's time to pay the aid. The Cabinet of Ministers should do this as soon as possible," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President reminded that the Verkhovna Rada had passed the bill according to which in the event of the death of an employee of a state or municipal healthcare institution or state scientific institution as a result of coronavirus infection, such an employee is equated in status to a serviceman. In response, government officials said that the documents required for insurance payments had been prepared. "Health workers should not be afraid to go to work, they should not only feel our moral support, but also know that the state cares for them and is able to take care of their loved ones and children. We must also understand that today it depends not only on doctors, but also on each of us, how quickly Ukraine will cope with the consequences of the epidemic and be able to return to normal life. Therefore, it is necessary to adhere to the specified quarantine norms even after mitigation," the Head of State stressed. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov announced that changes would be made to the resolution regulating the observance of quarantine measures. They will determine the circumstances under which a region may tighten certain restrictions. This will be necessary in case of deterioration of the epidemic situation. The President also commissioned Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy to purchase electric trains with a good air conditioning and ventilation system to reduce the risk of infection. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine