11 captures 06 Aug 2022 - 17 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220806025350/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ne-mozhna-buti-nejtralnim-do-vijni-yaku-vede-rosiya-proti-uk-76877 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more our grain will be on the global market, the smaller will be the harvest of political chaos – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news The more our grain will be on the global market, the smaller will be the harvest of political chaos – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2022 - 22:43 UNITED24 platform initiated by President raises over UAH 6 bln in three months 5 August 2022 - 20:37 Andriy Yermak discusses support for Ukraine with Jacob Sullivan 5 August 2022 - 18:35 There can be no condition under which any Russian attack on Ukraine becomes justified - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 August 2022 - 22:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events You can't be neutral about the war that Russia is waging against Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with representatives of the African media 4 August 2022 - 17:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the whole world, in particular the countries of the African continent, cannot take a neutral position regarding Russia's war against Ukraine, as Russian aggression will have consequences for them as well. The Head of State said this during an online meeting with African journalists, including media representatives from Nigeria, South Africa, Kenya and Ghana. "I don't think there should be neutrality in war. This is the wrong attitude. There can be no neutrality between life and death. When you are neutral in the war, you immediately turn from even a large state into a small one. No one sees you, the world does not see you, and therefore you do not influence the processes in the world. And when you have problems, you have to remember that the world can also be neutral. And it's not about business - it's about people's lives. I believe that the position of neutrality is not modern," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the President, the world should know the truth about the fact that a colonial war started by Russia is currently ongoing on Ukrainian territory. He noted that racism and Nazism once asserted the alleged superiority of one race or nation over others, and now a new term has appeared - "rashism", which describes the so-called "Russian world", in which Russia does not recognize the right to existence of the multi-million Ukrainian people, its language and culture. According to the Head of State, if one or another country does not have enough economic or political weight to influence the Russian Federation and force it to stop the war, then at least at the level of diplomacy, it is necessary to condemn death, autocracy, racism, Nazism and "rashism", to condemn aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the world should have paid more attention to what is happening in some countries of the African continent, which have also experienced wars and tragedies. "There is no war, which is far away. This is the injustice of the security structure of the whole world, which needs to be changed. International institutions need to be changed to make them work. Today, when we talk about security guarantees for Ukraine, we act as a living yet tragic example that can later be extended to other continents and other states," he said. The President also noted that Ukraine does not divide African countries into those that profess neutrality in relation to Russian aggression and those that support our state. Our state is ready to provide grain to all African countries that need it, because hunger cannot be treated neutrally. "It's about people dying. I know what we should do to help the countries of the African continent, just as African countries should unite and support Ukraine, because the truth is on our side," he said. The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine will fight to the end, and when this war will end depends on the unification of the world around our country and against Russian aggression. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine