9 captures 29 Nov 2022 - 24 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230507023547/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-kazhemo-nashim-partneram-zokrema-nimechchini-yaksho-vi-ho-78017 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:39 View all videos n latest news We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:35 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 President at the Infantry Day celebrations: No matter what our enemy does, Ukrainian infantrymen are stronger, our time is the time for victory 6 May 2023 - 17:23 Oleksiy Kuleba met with the new Head of the ICRC delegation to Ukraine Jürg Eglin 6 May 2023 - 09:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in festivities on the Infantry Day 6 May 2023 - 17:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We say to our partners, in particular Germany: if you want the war to end as soon as possible, give us the Leopard 2 - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Tagesschau 26 September 2022 - 16:10 Ukraine has the right to defend its territory and wants to restore peace, and this requires the support of partners, including the provision of modern weapons. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with Tagesschau.de. "If we intensively break through the defense line of the Russian army, the next step will be the return of territories and the destruction of the armed forces of the Russian Federation. And this requires a certain amount of armored vehicles and tanks. But these should not be ineffective Soviet tanks - either T-55, or T-64, or even T-72. That's why we're telling our partners, especially Germany: if you want to take the lead, if you want us to have fewer casualties, and if you want this war to end sooner, give us the Leopard 2," Mykhailo Podolyak said. The Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President emphasized that the Ukrainian military can very quickly learn to use new weapons of any complexity, which has been proven more than once. "There is nothing impossible for us. And we also say: open educational centers, but with a shortened program," he said. Mykhailo Podolyak stated that today the Ukrainian troops at the front use almost all types of artillery, which they did not even have before the start of a full-scale war. "Are we using them effectively? Did we quickly learn to use them? Yes! We can do it right. And this is exactly what we are explaining to Germany. I want to tell the Federal Government a very simple thing: we are learning things very quickly. But we will always emphasize that we learned so quickly because the Germans were on our side," he added. Answering a question about whether there is a threat of escalation by Russia after holding sham referenda in captured Ukrainian territories in the event of a successful counteroffensive by Ukraine, Mykhailo Podolyak said: "What is escalation? World War III? There is a country that uses cruise missiles that take off from the Caspian Sea and attack cities like Lviv and Kyiv. A country that destroys civilian infrastructure, massively kills people in Bucha, takes the life of an entire family in Izyum. What do you mean by escalation and World War III? Only the use of nuclear weapons? But we use conventional weapons." The Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine is convinced that the fact that Russia is a nuclear power should not stop Ukraine from protecting its territory. "If we stop, they will at some point drive their tanks into Dnipro, then into Kyiv and declare these cities Russia as well. This way we will completely lose Ukraine. There is no escalation. There is Ukraine, which has the right to defend its territory. We want to restore peace. This requires support with conventional weapons," Mykhailo Podolyak noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine