3 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213115112/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=179 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We have a very specific plan for the next year – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online participation in Reuters NEXT 9 November 2023 - 14:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the Ukrainian Defense Forces have a clear action plan for the de-occupation of the territories next year, but will try to show results this year as well. The Head of State made this statement during an online participation in the Reuters NEXT conference. I hope to hear a strong voice of Mexico in support of Ukraine – President during the conversation with the Mexican university community 9 November 2023 - 11:44 The President clarified that Mexico could join the implementation of the points of the Peace Formula related to nuclear safety and the return of thousands of Ukrainian children illegally abducted by Russia from the occupied territories of Ukraine. When our voices are heard in unison, we will prevail, and peace, justice and the rule of law will be restored – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and professors of universities in Mexico 9 November 2023 - 11:16 We invite Mexico to join the efforts to overcome the consequences of aggression in the humanitarian, energy, and environmental spheres, and to restore and rebuild Ukraine. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Advisor for Political and International Affairs to the Office of the President of Chile 8 November 2023 - 23:30 The parties discussed further steps to implement the Formula, including preparations for the inaugural Global Peace Summit. First Lady of Ukraine opens Ukrainian bookshelf in UNESCO library 8 November 2023 - 23:23 As part of her Ukrainian Bookshelf project, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska donated Ukrainian contemporary books to the UNESCO Library. The event was attended by UNESCO Director-General Audrey Azoulay. We already understand what steps are needed to bring the key goal – Ukraine's accession to the EU – closer – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 22:45 Our people deserve to be in the European Union – together with all the free peoples of our Europe. And we are doing everything for this. Olena Zelenska speaking at the 42nd session of the UNESCO General Conference: The defense of Ukraine is now the defense of peace, civilization, and culture around the world 8 November 2023 - 21:08 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has arrived in France. The main purpose of her visit is to participate in the opening of the Ukrainian Institute in Paris. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Ambassador of the European Union and signed a decree on preparations for the negotiation process on Ukraine's accession to the EU 8 November 2023 - 20:08 Following the meeting of the College of Commissioners, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Ambassador of the European Union to Ukraine Katarina Mathernova. President of Ukraine met with U.S. Secretary of Transportation 8 November 2023 - 16:41 The meeting focused on coordinating joint actions to rebuild Ukraine's infrastructure and develop transportation capabilities to export Ukrainian goods to international markets. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Cardinal Pietro Parolin 8 November 2023 - 14:41 The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude for the participation of the Vatican representative in the meeting of national security and political advisors in Malta on the restoration of lasting and just peace based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine