1 capture 03 Aug 2024 Jul AUG Sep 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240803134054/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=31-07-2023&date-to=31-07-2024&page=87 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:58 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:56 Andriy Yermak: Latin American Countries Should Join the Peace Formula Implementation 2 August 2024 - 18:17 Ukraine and Ireland Discussed Preparation of Bilateral Agreement 2 August 2024 - 16:39 Second Corvette for the Ukrainian Navy Launched in Türkiye 2 August 2024 - 10:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a member of the Republican Party, former Governor of New Jersey Christopher Christie 4 August 2023 - 16:38 The President emphasized the importance of increasing assistance from partners for reliable protection against Russian missile terror and successful liberation of the temporarily occupied Ukrainian territories. President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 "I am grateful that the warriors from Zakarpattia are fighting so heroically and effectively against the Russian occupiers for the sake of our country and our common freedom. They are fighting in different combat brigades. We are all citizens of Ukraine: ethnic Hungarians, ethnic Ukrainians, and all our other national communities. We all defend our country, we all help our warriors, all our heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the economic, social and security situation in the region. President: Our goal is to return people home, preserve their ties with Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 21:09 One of the mandatory tasks of Ukrainian diplomats around the world is to protect Ukrainians. The embassies of Ukraine should be assistants to our people and, if necessary, rescuers. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine held in Zakarpattia region. Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. President: Weapons and sanctions are among the top priorities of Ukrainian diplomats 2 August 2023 - 20:36 The Head of State emphasized that the Ukrainian troops need effective air defense systems, long-range weapons, including ATACMS, equipment and scarce munitions, as well as F-16 aircraft. President: Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO, security guarantees and neighborhood policy are the guidelines of Ukrainian diplomacy 2 August 2023 - 20:10 By the end of this year, Ukraine is to begin negotiations on its future membership in the European Union. Also, the main focus of the work of representatives of Ukrainian diplomatic missions in foreign countries is preparation for joining NATO and specific security guarantees on the way to the Alliance. President: Today, the efforts of our diplomacy should be aimed at the full implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula with the involvement of a wide range of countries 2 August 2023 - 18:43 Also, as stated by the President, Ukraine expects other states and all international organizations whose actions for peace can and will be significant to join this work. The Head of State held an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine and announced five benchmarks for the next political season 2 August 2023 - 18:36 “I will now give you five guidelines. The Peace Formula is the first. Weapons and sanctions are the second. Ukraine's integration into the European Union and NATO, security guarantees, and neighborhood policy are the third. The fourth is the economy, recovery, and transformation. The fifth is our people, both in Ukraine and abroad, in the countries where you work,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that Brazil must be a party to the implementation of the Peace Formula proposed by Ukraine, in particular the implementation of the paragraph on global food security. 1 2 ... 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine