17 captures 18 Apr 2023 - 02 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230418135714/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-peredovi-poziciyi-ukrayinskih-zahisn-82321 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing for the next Ramstein meeting, we expect solidly grounded decisions to meet the prospects on the battlefield – address of the President of Ukraine 17 April 2023 - 18:29 View all videos n latest news President visited a hospital in the Donetsk region and awarded servicemen 18 April 2023 - 15:13 President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:33 Olena Zelenska talked about the All-Ukrainian mental health program on the pages of Vogue Ukraine Edition and NV magazines 18 April 2023 - 14:05 Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on security issues for representatives of the British Parliament 18 April 2023 - 13:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:30 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:33 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in Avdiivka. The Head of State listened to the report of the commander of the "Donetsk" operational-tactical group regarding the situation in the area of his responsibility. Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked with the servicemen of the marines, airborne assault, mechanized and artillery units and thanked them for their service. "I have the honor to be here today, to thank you for your service, for defending our land, Ukraine, our families. Congratulations on the holidays, on Easter, I wish you only victory - this is what I wish for every Ukrainian, this is what is very important to all of us. I wish good health to all of you and your families, and I am sincerely grateful on behalf of every Ukrainian for the great path that you overcome every day," he said. The memory of the fallen defenders was honored with a moment of silence. The President presented the servicemen with state awards. The defenders received the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky of the II and III degrees, as well as the Orders "For Courage" of the II and III degrees. The military presented the Head of State with a military coin, a chevron and a plaque with the symbols of the 110th separate mechanized brigade. ph Working trip of the President to the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:30 ph Working trip of the President to the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:30 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine