1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033146/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=89 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the British Prime Minister's National Security Adviser 18 April 2023 - 21:39 The parties discussed the current situation at the front and the importance of supplying Ukraine with the necessary weapons for the successful liberation of territories occupied by Russian troops. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives 18 April 2023 - 21:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the interlocutor about the course of hostilities in the main frontline areas and about the urgent defense needs of our country, in particular in armored vehicles, long-range weapons, artillery, air defense and aircraft. President visited a hospital in the Donetsk region and awarded servicemen 18 April 2023 - 15:13 The President also spoke with the medical staff of the hospital and awarded representatives of the medical service of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with Orders of Danylo Halytsky for saving the lives of Ukrainian defenders. President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region 18 April 2023 - 14:33 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian defenders in Avdiivka. Olena Zelenska talked about the All-Ukrainian mental health program on the pages of Vogue Ukraine Edition and NV magazines 18 April 2023 - 14:05 The wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, in an exclusive interview for the first issue of Vogue Ukraine Edition after the start of the full-scale invasion, spoke about the All-Ukrainian mental health program she initiated, the goal of which is to make psychological care as accessible and universal as general medical care. Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on security issues for representatives of the British Parliament 18 April 2023 - 13:52 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on security issues for members of the defense and foreign affairs committees of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain. A ship with Ukrainian grain arrived in Yemen as part of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian food program 18 April 2023 - 12:29 As part of the Grain from Ukraine initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the ship Negmar Cicek delivered humanitarian cargo – 30,000 tons of wheat – to the Port of Salif in the Republic of Yemen. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 18 April 2023 - 10:11 The interlocutors agreed on further coordination in the issue of providing security assistance to Ukraine and discussed next steps in this direction. We are preparing for the next Ramstein meeting, we expect solidly grounded decisions to meet the prospects on the battlefield – address of the President of Ukraine 17 April 2023 - 18:29 The aggressor must lose. And this is our joint responsibility with our partners – to gain more time for peace, that is, to be as active as possible now in providing weapons and ammunition to speed up our joint victory. President holds meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 17 April 2023 - 14:04 Members of the Staff considered the issue of providing the defense forces of Ukraine with weapons and ammunition, in particular of own production. 1 2 ... 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine