12 captures 27 Oct 2022 - 21 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221027222514/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/astronavt-skott-kelli-stav-ambasadorom-fandrejzingovoyi-plat-78757 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today we remember the expulsion of the Nazis, approaching the expulsion of the Rashists - address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Today we remember the expulsion of the Nazis, approaching the expulsion of the Rashists - address by the President of Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 00:02 Astronaut Scott Kelly became an ambassador of the United24 fundraising platform and presented an ambulance to Ukraine 27 October 2022 - 23:54 Andriy Yermak presented an action plan for the protection of Ukrainian prisoners held by Russia at the Conference of Ombudspersons and NHRIs 27 October 2022 - 14:03 Ukraine needs victory over Russia, in particular in energy sphere – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 October 2022 - 22:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Guinea-Bissau in Kyiv 26 October 2022 - 18:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Astronaut Scott Kelly became an ambassador of the United24 fundraising platform and presented an ambulance to Ukraine 27 October 2022 - 23:54 American astronaut and former U.S. Navy captain Scott Joseph Kelly has joined the United24 fundraising platform. He will develop the "Medical aid" direction, and the first project will be fundraising for Type C ambulance vehicles. During an online meeting with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Scott Kelly discussed his ideas for supporting our country and developing United24. “We are proud to have an ambassador like you, Scott. It is very important that famous people - not only stars, but also famous astronauts - join the platform. I am grateful that before becoming a United24 ambassador, you supported us, in particular on Twitter, and that you support Ukraine with real actions, helping our medical industry," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Scott Kelly is known not only for four flights into space and setting a record for a total stay in it for 520 days, 10 hours and 33 minutes. He also holds the record for continuous stay in orbit - 340 days in a row. The record-breaking astronaut holds the rank of captain in the U.S. Navy, as part of which he spent more than 3,500 hours in the sky on more than 30 types of aircraft and made more than 250 landings on an aircraft carrier. Scott Kelly has supported Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion in word and deed. Over this time, he has raised 500,000 U.S. dollars to help Ukrainians. He also became famous throughout the world for his apt sarcastic comments under the posts of officials and propagandists of the occupying country in social networks. In addition to such an impressive track record, Scott Kelly has a medical background. This, according to the new ambassador, dictated his desire to raise money for ambulances. "When I was young, I worked in emergency medical care and as an ambulance driver and saw with my own eyes how timely medical care can save people's lives. Later, when I was already an astronaut, I performed the role of crew medical officer. Ukrainian doctors today are real heroes who do miracles every day in incredibly difficult and dangerous conditions. I consider it my duty to support Ukraine, which is defending democracy from Russian aggression. I am also the first to make a monetary contribution of USD 65,000 for the purchase of an ambulance through President Zelenskyy's United24 platform. I really hope that freedom-loving people around the world will join me in this fundraising!” said the astronaut. United24 is a fundraising platform initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the main platform for collecting donations in support of Ukraine. In more than five months of operation, more than USD 210 million from citizens of 110 countries have been raised through United24. Among the ambassadors of the platform are outstanding athletes Andriy Shevchenko, Elina Svitolina and Oleksandr Usyk, creative director of Balenciaga Demna, American actors Liev Schreiber and Mark Hamill, band Imagine Dragons, singer and actress Barbra Streisand. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine