3 captures 10 Jun 2024 - 08 Aug 2025 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610112853/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=28-06-2021&date-to=28-06-2022&page=128 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See 8 July 2021 - 13:20 In order to develop the dialogue between Ukraine and the Holy See at the highest level, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See Pietro Parolin. Strong Ukraine will make the European Union stronger - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Fourth Conference on Reforms 7 July 2021 - 15:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the opening of the Fourth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine "Strong Ukraine in a Strong European and Euro-Atlantic Family". President intends to discuss the threats posed by Nord Stream 2 with the Chancellor of Germany 7 July 2021 - 14:31 During a forthcoming meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy intends to discuss the security threat to Ukraine and the whole of Europe through the construction of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline and will insist on the priority of security over economic feasibility. President of Ukraine would like the United States to help end the war in Donbas 7 July 2021 - 14:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stands for the accession of the United States to the negotiation process to end the war in Donbas, which has been going on in central Europe since 2014. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Vice President of Switzerland discussed the holding of the next Conference on Reforms in Ukraine 7 July 2021 - 13:11 During a working visit to Lithuania, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice President, Head of the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss Confederation Ignazio Cassis. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine's accession to the EU and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision 7 July 2021 - 12:53 Ukraine's full membership in the European Union and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision, and only then a matter of reforms. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. President of Ukraine: Lithuania is a reliable partner and ally of our country on all international platforms 7 July 2021 - 12:47 In the interaction between Ukraine and Lithuania, the most valuable thing is a common understanding of the challenges of today, so the countries will continue to coordinate actions within international organizations to defend the interests of both states. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. Strategic partnership between Ukraine and Lithuania is always filled with concrete projects and initiatives - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 July 2021 - 12:07 Ukraine and Lithuania are successfully developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the framework of a strategic partnership, which is multidimensional and dynamic, and is always filled with concrete projects and initiatives. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. President of Ukraine offered to hold Eurobasket together with Lithuania 7 July 2021 - 10:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy offered to organize a joint holding of one of the next European Basketball Championships (Eurobasket) by Ukraine and Lithuania. He stated this at the opening of the Fourth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine "Strong Ukraine in a Strong European and Euro-Atlantic Family" in Vilnius. Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania began in Vilnius 7 July 2021 - 09:10 In the framework of the working visit to Lithuania, the meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda is being held. 1 2 ... 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine