7 captures 07 Feb 2023 - 14 Feb 2025 Jan FEB Mar 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230207041536/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-kozhna-ukrayinska-ditina-maye-vihovuvatisya-v-80745 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Good motivation plus good training equals the ability of our defense forces to regain what belongs to Ukraine - President's address 6 February 2023 - 21:36 Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine's accession to the EU is an integral part of our victory 6 February 2023 - 20:21 A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 February 2023 - 16:31 The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Every Ukrainian child should be brought up in a family 2 February 2023 - 22:18 First Lady Olena Zelenska discussed the issue of overcoming orphanhood and introducing family-type forms of upbringing with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to Ukraine. "One of the conditions for us to join the EU is to abandon orphanages. They should be replaced by family-type upbringing. Like many countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Ukraine has inherited a system of large boarding schools for children and adults. This is a relic of the Soviet system. Almost all of our neighboring countries went through this process on the road to membership in the European Union. So today we have examples of best practices, we understand which steps were successful," the First Lady said. Olena Zelenska emphasized that this is a double challenge for the state, as the transition from the boarding school system to family-type forms of upbringing must be carried out during the war unleashed by Russia. "We must simultaneously save children from Russian missiles and from life in orphanages. These children need peace, security and family. And not someday, but right now," the President's wife emphasized. The meeting was also attended by Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine Oksana Zholnovych. "It is very important to take a systematic approach to the development of child protection policy. Therefore, expert and technical assistance from European partners will allow us to choose the best model, hold a broad public discussion, and identify the most effective steps to ensure comprehensive support for families with children and the upbringing of each child in the family," the minister said. During the meeting, an agreement was reached that the European Commission would send its experts shortly to start working on the reform plan together with the Ministry of Social Policy. The First Lady spoke about the difficulties faced by foster families during the Russian invasion. According to statistics, 343 foster families raising 1386 children have become internally displaced because of the war, as they have lost their homes or do not feel safe. Another 706 families with 3093 children have gone abroad and often have nowhere to return to. "I never tire of repeating that in this war we are fighting for every person and for his or her basic rights. And for children, this is the right to live in a family, to have parents who love them. We are interested in the reform not only because it is a formal path to the EU. Our people, our children need it to make them happier," Olena Zelenska summarized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine