5 captures 12 Dec 2022 - 15 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221212043057/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-iz-poslami-krayin-g7-shodo-ukr-79781 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything so that the aggressor state does not have a single string of Ukrainian society to pull - address of the President 11 December 2022 - 22:00 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Joseph Biden 12 December 2022 - 00:29 We are doing everything so that the aggressor state does not have a single string of Ukrainian society to pull - address of the President 11 December 2022 - 22:01 Currently there is acute shortage in power system, but our energy and utility crews doing heroic things – address of President of Ukraine 10 December 2022 - 22:03 Second session in Gen.Camp rehabilitation children's camp of Gen.Ukrainian public initiative under patronage of Olena Zelenska starts 10 December 2022 - 19:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in "UA: Human Rights in Dark Times" International Conference in Kyiv 9 December 2022 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak meets with G7 ambassadors to discuss Ukrainian peace formula 9 December 2022 - 23:06 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the G7 ambassadors accredited in Ukraine. He presented to foreign diplomats the peace formula proposed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy when he delivered an online speech at the G19 summit, which took place in Bali, Indonesia in November. As the head of the Office of the President said, the development of such a document is important to overcome the Russian narrative, especially widespread in the countries of Africa, Latin America and Asia, that Russia is allegedly ready for negotiations and ending the war, while Ukraine refuses. "According to the President, we need a clear and open plan for peace," the head of the Office of the President said, informing the diplomats in detail about the points that make up the plan. In particular, Yermak said that Ukraine promotes the peace formula at all international meetings and roundtables and explains what a fair end to this war should be. "We strive to be open, transparent and understandable for everyone in the world," the head of the President's Office said. He said: the Ukrainian peace formula is built in such a way as to end the war and make it impossible to repeat the aggression, the seizure of territories, as well as nuclear and food blackmail and damage to the environment. Yermak said that Ukraine is counting on the support of the peace formula by the G7 states and offers the states to become leaders in the implementation of some of its points. "In addition, we are initiating the launch of a diplomatic process to work on the implementation of the formula. The first practical step could be a meeting of leaders to show unity in the pursuit of peace," he said. The head of the Office of the President thanked the representatives of the G7 states for supporting Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. He said that their help is important both for the Ukrainian army, which is resisting the Russian aggressor, and for the civilian population, which has to survive the winter in conditions when the Russian Federation continues its attacks on the Ukrainian energy infrastructure. In addition, Yermak called for continued cooperation in overcoming the food crisis, in particular through the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine initiative. "The world should know that the United States, Canada, Germany, Japan, France, the United Kingdom, Italy – we all are together. And we, not Russia, help people, especially children, in Africa, and Asia. And this crisis happened because Russia invaded Ukraine," the head of the President's Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine