14 captures 18 Apr 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230418034151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemosya-do-chergovoyi-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn-ochi-82301 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing for the next Ramstein meeting, we expect solidly grounded decisions to meet the prospects on the battlefield – address of the President of Ukraine 17 April 2023 - 18:29 View all videos n latest news We are preparing for the next Ramstein meeting, we expect solidly grounded decisions to meet the prospects on the battlefield – address of the President of Ukraine 17 April 2023 - 18:29 President holds meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 17 April 2023 - 14:04 Easter greetings from the President of Ukraine 16 April 2023 - 08:00 We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:08 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing for the next Ramstein meeting, we expect solidly grounded decisions to meet the prospects on the battlefield – address of the President of Ukraine 17 April 2023 - 18:29 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! This day began with a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief. Many topics. The front line is the actions of our defense forces, what is achieved, and what we need to achieve. The commanders of the Khortytsia, Tavria, Odesa, Pivnich task forces, Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny – all reported on the current situation. Supply of ammunition for our soldiers – separately at the Staff meeting. Today, more details about this: not only supply, but also everything related to manufacturing – both by the state and private companies. Minister of Strategic Industries Kamyshin, Minister of Defense Reznikov, and Commander of the Logistics Forces Huliak also reported. I held a meeting with Prime Minister Shmyhal on the results of his trip to Canada and the United States, these were meetings primarily for financial support of Ukraine by partners. The results are substantive. This applies to relations with the IMF and other international institutions and bilateral relations with Canada and the United States. Thanks to all our partners who always help! By the way, we are already preparing for another Ramstein meeting. I held preparatory meetings. And we expect solidly grounded decisions that will meet the prospects on the battlefield. Quite ambitious prospects, which we are approaching with all our might. Moreover, we are approaching them not only for ourselves, not only for Ukraine but also for our entire anti-war coalition. The aggressor must lose. And this is our joint responsibility with our partners – to gain more time for peace, that is, to be as active as possible now in providing weapons and ammunition to speed up our joint victory. I signed the decree on awarding state awards to our soldiers. 127 soldiers of the Armed Forces... 68 of them – posthumously. It is very important to understand this: every time we hear that the promised supply of weapons is delayed, every time there are doubts about the type of weapons for Ukraine, about the range or other quality characteristics – every time it means that Ukrainian soldiers are giving their lives so that we have this time... The time that is spent to convince so that the supply of the necessary weapons takes place after all. Today, I'd like to especially commend our soldiers from the 5th Separate Assault Brigade and the 80th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade for active and successful assault operations in Bakhmut. Thanks to the 214th Rifle Battalion for powerful blows against the enemy near Bakhmut! 92nd separate mechanized brigade – thank you for the result in Luhansk region! Donetsk direction... Fighters of the 35th and 36th Separate Marine Infantry Brigades, 55th Separate Artillery Brigade. Paratroopers of the 79th Air Assault Brigade. Soldiers of the 74th Separate Intelligence Unit, the 59th Separate Motorized Infantry Brigade named after Yakov Handziuk... Thank you all! In Zaporozhzhia, there is something to praise for the soldiers of the 128th separate assault brigade of Zakarpattia. Well done! Every destroyed enemy now is a liberated meter of Ukrainian land tomorrow. And one more. Yesterday, a search and rescue operation ended in Sloviansk after Russian terrorists attacked residential buildings. I want to mention our people who, together with their colleagues on the ground, did everything possible... Despite the threat of repeated strikes, and despite all the difficulties, they did everything possible to save as many lives as possible. I thank Sergeant Yaroslav Pletsky, Senior Sergeant Viktor Herhel, Senior Lieutenant Bohdan Havrylov, and Lieutenant Colonel Mykhailo Zahnitko, all who participated in this operation. Thank you to everyone in the great team of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine who works for the people! Glory to our soldiers! Eternal memory to all those, whose lives were taken by Russian terror! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine