3 captures 01 Dec 2022 - 04 Oct 2023 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130074630/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-obgovoriv-iz-kerivnictvom-i-chlenami-ameri-79549 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos n latest news We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:35 President of Ukraine held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 29 January 2023 - 17:50 President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 12:55 Ukraine needs long-range missiles so that terrorists do not have a feeling of impunity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 January 2023 - 21:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the management and members of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine the work of business in the conditions of war and related challenges 30 November 2022 - 15:44 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine (ACC) Andy Hunder and ACC Vice President Tetyana Prokopchuk. The representatives of the American Chamber of Commerce companies joined the meeting in the format of a video conference. The participants discussed a number of issues that concern the business community today. Kyrylo Tymoshenko noted that in the conditions of a full-scale war, the state leadership remains open to dialogue with business. According to him, in these difficult times, business activity is particularly important for the country's economy, so the government is ready to promptly respond to the requests of entrepreneurs. "All heads of regions and mayors of cities know that any business that is currently operating is the number one issue for them. Relocation, any problems that arise in business - everything must be solved quickly. I constantly emphasize this at conference calls with the heads of local authorities," he said. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President also added that during work trips to the regions he always tries to communicate with entrepreneurs, as there are a lot of questions. Andy Hunder, for his part, stated: the business works even in conditions of full-scale Russian aggression and believes in Ukraine. The President of ACC also informed that the Chamber is actively interacting with its colleagues in Washington - the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which is the largest business association in the world, with the aim of involving it in the reconstruction of Ukraine. Discussing the situation in the Ukrainian energy system as a result of Russian missile attacks, the interlocutors separately paid attention to the passage of the 2022/2023 heating season and energy supply for business in conditions of Russian aggression. Kyrylo Tymoshenko emphasized the importance of continuing the work of enterprises, at the same time he noted the need to ensure electricity supply for the population. So in this context, according to him, it is important to find a balance. Separately, the participants of the meeting focused on the issue of restoring Ukraine and eliminating the consequences of Russia's full-scale aggression. Among the topics discussed were the provision of stable mobile communications, the restoration of seaports’ functioning for the export of grain, increasing the capacity of checkpoints on the state border, as well as legislation in the areas of water and sewage infrastructure and waste management, etc. The interlocutors expressed willingness to support each other and cooperate in order to facilitate the continuation of the work of entrepreneurs during the war. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine