9 captures 17 May 2024 - 08 Sep 2025 Apr MAY Jun 17 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240517055500/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/grupa-yermaka-makfola-prezentuvala-novij-plan-dij-dlya-ekono-90953 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Managed to Build Confidence in Vovchansk Direction, yet Russian Shelling and Threats Persist – Address by the President 16 May 2024 - 20:17 View all videos n latest news We Managed to Build Confidence in Vovchansk Direction, yet Russian Shelling and Threats Persist – Address by the President 16 May 2024 - 20:12 Olena Zelenska Attended the Opening of the Exhibition "The Hague - Kyiv" at the Khanenko Museum 16 May 2024 - 19:07 In Kharkiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented State Awards to Warriors of the 92nd Separate Assault Brigade Named after Kish Ataman Ivan Sirko 16 May 2024 - 15:10 Yermak-McFaul Group Presented a New Action Plan for Economic Pressure on the Aggressor State of the Russian Federation 16 May 2024 - 14:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv Region 16 May 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak-McFaul Group Presented a New Action Plan for Economic Pressure on the Aggressor State of the Russian Federation 16 May 2024 - 14:17 The International Working Group on Russian Sanctions, headed by the Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and the Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul, presented a new action plan on further strengthening sanctions pressure on Russia — Action Plan 3.0. The document contains specific steps that can significantly undermine Russia's economic and military potential to stop its aggression in Ukraine sooner. “The proposed sanctions measures should become a powerful response of the international community to Russian aggression. The success of the sanctions depends on their collective enforcement and constant strengthening. The measures, stipulated in Action Plan 3.0, are ambitious but achievable, they are designed to drastically limit Russia's ability to finance its military actions in Ukraine,” Andriy Yermak emphasized. The experts expect that the package of bans will reduce the aggressor country's export revenues by $70-80 billion per year, cause a significant deficit in Russia's external trade and in its budget, and weaken its currency and overall economic stability. “We believe that the sanctions proposals, formulated in the new Action Plan, will make Russia pay a higher price for its invasion into our country and will ensure support for democratic Ukraine in defending its territorial integrity and national sovereignty,” Vladyslav Vlasiuk, Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office, Secretary of Ukrainian Working Group on Russian Sanctions, noted. The proposed measures include the confiscation of the frozen assets of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, which should be used for military and economic support for Ukraine and its reconstruction. They also include the enforcement of the current oil price cap and the suppression of the shadow fleet of tankers. The experts propose to introduce a full embargo on uranium, aluminum, and steel and to resume the work of the Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls to enforce the ban on exports of critical technologies, equipment, and components, used in the defense and oil and gas sectors, to Russia. According to the members of the working group, the sanctions list should include more individuals and organizations that support or finance Russian aggression. In addition, it is proposed to impose sanctions on Western companies involved in Russian logistics operations and those that facilitate its circumvention of restrictions. The document also emphasizes the designation of Russia as a state sponsor of terrorism and the strengthening of the enforcement of existing sanctions. Working Group Paper #19. Action Plan 3.0. Strengthening Sanctions Against the Russian Federation - pdf - 500.00 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine