9 captures 08 Apr 2022 - 10 Aug 2025 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408233741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/borotba-proti-agresiyi-rosiyi-obyednala-ne-lishe-ukrayinskij-74193 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The strike on Kramatorsk must be one of the charges at the tribunal regarding Russia's war crimes - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 April 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with the President of the European Commission: Ukraine's goal is to be in the EU, because we share common values and fight for them 8 April 2022 - 23:58 The strike on Kramatorsk must be one of the charges at the tribunal regarding Russia's war crimes - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 April 2022 - 23:37 The fight against Russia's aggression united not only the Ukrainian people, but also the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 April 2022 - 23:30 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Slovakia in Kyiv 8 April 2022 - 23:08 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission and the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 8 April 2022 - 21:47 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The fight against Russia's aggression united not only the Ukrainian people, but also the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 April 2022 - 23:30 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the fight against Russia's military invasion of Ukraine has become a factor that has united both the entire Ukrainian people and the European Union, which has united around the support of Ukrainians. The atmosphere of dialogue and relations between Ukraine and the EU is now the best in many years, said the President during a conversation with media representatives after talks with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Josep Borrell in Kyiv. "Unfortunately, I have to say that this is primarily due to the war. The war united Ukraine completely, united our people with authorities, that's why Ukraine is so strong. Unfortunately, this war also brought many victims, and around this, to protect Ukraine and Ukrainians, it united the European Union. And the world in general," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President is convinced that the answers to all questions in the relations between Ukraine and the EU will be found eventually. "The most important thing now is for us to be united. And even when the leaders of certain countries slow down certain processes, the people of all European Union states - I see it and all Ukrainians see it - take to the streets, to the squares of European cities. These people united for the sake of Ukraine," he said. The Head of State stressed that today it is necessary to overcome the aggressive policy of the Russian Federation towards the people of Ukraine. "And towards the people of Ukraine means towards the people of Europe as well, because we have the same values," the President stressed. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the imposition of sanctions is a substantial diplomatic weapon of the EU against the Russian aggressor. Therefore, it is important for these measures to be not superficially but deeply elaborated, well thought out and completed, so that Russia cannot bypass them. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission and the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 8 April 2022 - 21:47 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission and the High Representative of the EU for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 8 April 2022 - 21:47 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine