2 captures 14 Feb 2022 - 03 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214212727/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-maye-pidtrimati-rozvitok-veteranskogo-biznesu-prezi-62929 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The state should support the development of veterans' business – President 23 August 2020 - 13:16 Creating jobs for war veterans and supporting the development of business founded by veterans is one of the government's priorities, as stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his participation in the opening of the III International Volunteer and Veterans Forum " Ukraine is Where We Are". "A separate important topic and our priority is the creation of jobs for veterans. I think we need as many veterans’ businesses as possible," the President said. The President stressed that veterans were the first people to defend the country, people of word and deed. They are stress-resistant, disciplined, have leadership qualities, they are able to make the right, bold and quick decisions, think systematically and strategically. "It's both military skills and the rules by which all successful companies exist. And, of course, one cannot ignore the experience of other countries, where many veterans are the founders of large, serious, powerful, well-known companies," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. According to the Head of State, the assistance may consist in developing a business education program for those who are really interested in it, providing financial support for starting a business, soft loans. "Currently, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine has a draft law on state guarantees for loans to small and medium-sized businesses. I think we should think about considering veteran business as a separate category of business," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, such an initiative is appropriate, because Ukraine is moving towards peace, and there have been no combat losses for 28 days. "We need peace only on the terms of Ukraine. We all understand that when it comes, it does not mean that we will no longer need a strong and capable army. Quite the opposite. Only a modern and powerful army will be our guarantor of peace. And a powerful army can only be possible in a successful country with a successful business," the President said. The Head of State noted that veterans are people who move the country forward and can be real locomotives and drivers of successful change in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on the representatives of the business school present at the forum to offer targeted business training programs adapted for veterans. He also urged entrepreneurs to become mentors and share their experience with them. Minister for Veterans Affairs of Ukraine Serhiy Bessarab noted the importance of organizing such forums and discussing the development of veterans' business. In particular, he announced the discussion of a wide range of issues: from targeted support of education for the development of business to the creation of specialized associations of veterans - entrepreneurs. "The purpose of this format of open communication is to give every veteran an opportunity to ask questions and hear qualified answers. This is not just an exchange of experience; this is the foundation for building a vector of public policy to support veterans' business. Thousands of ex-servicemen and volunteers are in the process of returning to civilian professions and are trying to organize their business," he said. The President once again congratulated the attendees and all Ukrainians on the Day of the National Flag of Ukraine. "You, like no one else, really know the price one has to pay every day for our flag to fly in the sky. You fought and defended this flag, hoisted it over the liberated Ukrainian cities. Together with millions of Ukrainians today, I want to thank each of you for this - for what you have done for Ukraine, for what you do for our country every day," the President summed up. ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the National Flag of Ukraine 23 August 2020 - 10:57 ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the National Flag of Ukraine 23 August 2020 - 10:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine