1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309014743/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=80 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President at the Congress of the Servant of the People: We will always work not for a part of society, but for the benefit of all citizens of Ukraine 13 March 2021 - 12:42 With the support of Ukrainians, the new government has done in less than two years what other politicians had been promising for decades yet had not done. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the XI Congress of the Servant of the People party. President honored the memory of the victims of the Kurenivka tragedy 13 March 2021 - 10:08 On the 60th anniversary of the Kurenivka tragedy, a basket of flowers was laid on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in memory of the deceased Kyivites to the memorial cross on Oleny Telihy Street in the capital. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a phone conversation with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 12 March 2021 - 16:56 The interlocutors discussed topical issues of the bilateral agenda, as well as outlined further areas of deepening cooperation between Ukraine and Israel. In a conversation with the Federal President of the Republic of Austria, the President of Ukraine invited him to join the Crimean Platform 12 March 2021 - 13:58 The President of Ukraine stressed the importance of keeping the attention of the world community to the development of the situation on the territory of the temporarily occupied Crimea and informed the interlocutor about the Crimean Platform initiative. Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited the President of Austria and his wife to take part in the inaugural summit of the initiative, which will take place in August 2021 in Kyiv, and in the celebration of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the leadership of the Verkhovna Rada, people's deputies and government representatives on important bills to implement the President's program 10 March 2021 - 19:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy chaired a traditional meeting with the Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada, heads of parliamentary committees and other people’s deputies, as well as with representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers to discuss bills aimed to implement the President's election program. Access of Ukrainians to quality medical services, effective pension system and fight against poverty were discussed at a meeting with Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2021 - 19:26 The strategy for the development of the healthcare system and social policy in Ukraine was discussed at a meeting chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukrainian TV channels should advertise our country in the world - President 9 March 2021 - 14:24 Ukrainian TV channels should increase the amount of quality content that will help create a positive image of Ukraine in the world. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism" in Kyiv. Implementation of the New Village project will help restore Ukrainian villages and life in them - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2021 - 13:50 In order to revive the Ukrainian countryside, it is first necessary to take care of jobs and restore infrastructure in rural areas, and work has already begun in this direction. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism" in Kyiv. The main response to COVID-19 is vaccination, not lockdown - President 9 March 2021 - 13:50 The issue of vaccination against COVID-19 in Ukraine and the situation with countering the spread of coronavirus were discussed at a traditional conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President: If there is no meeting of the leaders of the "Normandy Four", I will meet with each of them separately, postponing negotiations on Donbas will not be allowed 9 March 2021 - 13:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy says he is ready to meet with each leader of the Normandy format member states separately if the meeting of the "Normandy Four" is delayed. He stated this in an interview for the leading Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum “Ukraine 30. Culture. Media. Tourism” in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine