1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309023907/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Ukraine is ready to hold a dialogue with Russia on security guarantees, on the future of the occupied territories of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Crimea, but is not ready to capitulate. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. Ukraine's struggle for freedom depends not only on us, but also on other countries that share the values of freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 11:21 Today Ukraine is fighting for its freedom and independence, but the success of our struggle depends not only on our state, but also on all countries of the civilized world. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ABC News. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Ronald Reagan Freedom Award 7 March 2022 - 20:41 Frederick Ryan stressed that this high award honors the leadership of the President of Ukraine and the steadfastness of millions of Ukrainians who defend their right to choose their own future and inspire the entire civilized world to fight for the values of freedom and democracy to which Ronald Reagan dedicated his life. Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the people through the Global Citizen platform to promote the decision to protect the Ukrainian sky from Russian attacks, civilians from bombing, and Ukrainian cities from destruction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 “If you do not do that, if you at least do not give us aircraft for us to be able to protect ourselves, there can be only one conclusion: You also want us to be slowly killed. This is also the responsibility of the world's politicians, Western leaders,” the Head of State added. President: Special funds are being formed for the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 6 March 2022 - 13:18 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular, the Fund for the Restoration of Destroyed Property and Infrastructure, the Fund for Economic Recovery and Transformation, the Public Debt Service and Repayment Fund and the Small and Medium Business Support Fund are being established. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a zoom conference with US congressmen 5 March 2022 - 18:47 In total, more than 200 politicians joined the conversation with Volodymyr Zelenskyy to hear first-hand about the situation in Ukraine and ask questions. Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities: Support Ukraine, and it will be a victory of freedom, a victory of light over darkness 4 March 2022 - 21:24 During the teleconference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy addressed residents of European cities who took part in a rally in support of Ukraine. Rallies in support of our state and against the Russian invasion took place in Frankfurt, Prague, Lyon, Tbilisi, Vienna, Bratislava and Vilnius. Invaders in captured Ukrainian cities create humanitarian crisis to send their "humanitarian convoys" - President 3 March 2022 - 23:22 The invaders are creating a humanitarian crisis in the occupied cities of Ukraine, blocking Ukraine's "green corridors" and thus forcing people to leave to the territory of Russia. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with representatives of the Western media. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: If the world does not help Ukraine stop Russia now, it will go "to the Berlin Wall" 3 March 2022 - 22:55 If the world does not help Ukraine stop the Russian Federation now, the aggressor will go to other countries in Eastern Europe, the Baltic states and beyond. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this during a conversation with representatives of the Western media. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine