6 captures 20 Apr 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230420132342/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-rozpovila-na-storinkah-zhurnaliv-vogue-ukrain-82313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos At the state level, everything is being done to increase the ability to defend against Russian strikes - address by the President of Ukraine 19 April 2023 - 23:49 View all videos n latest news At the state level, everything is being done to increase the ability to defend against Russian strikes - address by the President of Ukraine 19 April 2023 - 23:47 Olena Zelenska visited a medical facility in the Kyiv region, where a course on the application of the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health was presented 19 April 2023 - 21:02 President held a meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the Volyn region 19 April 2023 - 15:09 President observed the arrangement of the state border of Ukraine in Volyn 19 April 2023 - 14:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Volyn region 19 April 2023 - 13:13 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska talked about the All-Ukrainian mental health program on the pages of Vogue Ukraine Edition and NV magazines 18 April 2023 - 14:05 The wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, in an exclusive interview for the first issue of Vogue Ukraine Edition after the start of the full-scale invasion, spoke about the All-Ukrainian mental health program she initiated, the goal of which is to make psychological care as accessible and universal as general medical care. Another topic of conversation was the activity of the Olena Zelenska Foundation, aimed at humanitarian aid to Ukrainians, restoration of schools and hospitals. April's Vogue Ukraine Edition, the first issue after a one-year hiatus caused by the full-scale invasion, honors prominent Ukrainians from various fields and their contributions to the collective resistance. "The key not to fall into fatigue and despair is to act," the First Lady emphasized. Also in April, the NV magazine resumed publication in the monthly format. Its last regular issue was printed on February 24, 2022. In the new issue, Olena Zelenska had a column dedicated to the All-Ukrainian mental health program. "How are you?" - we ask this question to each other when we do care. And we want and need to hear the answer. And sometimes you want to ask the person you see in the mirror: "How are you?". The person that has changed over a year. "How are you?" is the main question of the All-Ukrainian mental health program. Everything starts with it. The answers will follow - good and bad, complex and simple, scary and inspiring. But "How are you?" is a starting point," the First Lady wrote. She noted that, according to the results of surveys, more than 90% of Ukrainians during the Russian invasion had manifestations of at least one of the symptoms of an anxiety disorder: "Just imagine: these are nine out of ten people - in transport, in the office, in a store, in a trench . Outwardly, they are mature, balanced, courageous people. Inside, they are traumatized and in need of help. And at the same time, a third of Ukrainians tend to downplay their mental problems as if it’s not appropriate during the war or it’s a "sin to complain". 66% would probably turn to someone, but they don't know where to start." Olena Zelenska spoke about the development of the All-Ukrainian mental health program, in particular about the training of doctors, rescue workers, employees of Ukrzaliznytsia and other large companies in psychological assistance skills. The First Lady emphasized that it is extremely important for all Ukrainians to learn self-help techniques and make mental health care a daily habit. A separate information campaign is dedicated to this. "Being “not okay” is also okay. Saying that you are facing a hard time is not a weakness, it is a responsibility. To yourself and the country," the President's wife said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine