10 captures 01 May 2020 - 03 Aug 2025 Aug SEP Oct 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220922174134/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mobilnij-dodatok-dij-vdoma-dopomozhe-prohoditi-samoizolyaciy-60821 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Debate of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 22 September 2022 - 02:16 View all videos n latest news First Lady in New York talked about the situation of Ukrainian women during the war 22 September 2022 - 14:37 Speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Debate of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 22 September 2022 - 02:12 Today we have 215 pieces of good news – we bring our people home – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 September 2022 - 01:49 Ukraine returned 215 people from Russian captivity, including defenders of "Azovstal" 22 September 2022 - 01:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Events on Rescuer Day with the participation of the President 16 September 2022 - 16:14 Go to all galleries Home News Current events “Diy Vdoma” mobile app to help you self-isolate 24 April 2020 - 14:24 Ukrainians returning home from abroad will need to undergo self-isolation using “Diy Vdoma” mobile app. This was stated at a traditional meeting to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 epidemic chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Only 10-15% of people traveling abroad do not have smartphones, as stated by Minister of Infrastructure Vladyslav Krykliy. These people will undergo observation in the classic format - that is, they will reside in premises prepared by the state. The aforementioned mobile app will allow you to undergo two weeks of self-isolation at home. “Due to “Diy Vdoma” mobile app, we will simplify the isolation process for Ukrainians. It will also be easier for our police officers and doctors to control people who come from abroad. We understand that it is more comfortable for people to stay home than under observation. And this is a bright example of how “A state in a smartphone” modernizes Ukraine,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. That is why the authorities will check whether the citizens returning to Ukraine have installed the application on their smartphone. The innovation will also help develop a secure plan for the transportation of people who found themselves in a difficult situation abroad. "If we have “Diy Vdoma” mobile app, we can gradually organize flights for people who found themselves in a difficult situation abroad," Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba noted. “Of course, we must help our citizens abroad. Someone needs surgery, someone has an expired visa, someone has run out of money. But we have to bring people in small quantities, so that it is safe for citizens inside the country. We need to take care of Ukrainians both abroad and at home,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. It was also reported that batches of personal protective means delivered over the last week had been sent to the regions the day before. Today, PCR tests of Ukrainian production are being shipped. "We received two thousand kits for 200,000 PCR tests. All this is of Ukrainian production and will soon be delivered to the regions,” Secretary of the Coordination Council on Combating the Spread of COVID-19 Kyrylo Tymoshenko noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine