1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033020/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=59 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Belize 15 June 2023 - 19:38 The President invited Belize to take part in the implementation of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and join the organization of the Global Peace Summit. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 15 June 2023 - 09:27 Andriy Yermak emphasized the need to strengthen Ukraine's sky shield to protect people from Russia's missile terror. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Timothy Barrow 14 June 2023 - 23:38 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. When the ruins disappear, it is not just the aggressor who loses, but the very idea of aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 14 June 2023 - 23:19 The key Ukrainian principle is simple and fair, namely: no ruins will be left in Ukraine. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil 14 June 2023 - 09:07 Andriy Yermak spoke about the preparation of the Global Peace Summit, in which Ukraine seeks to involve as many countries as possible in order to implement the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Together with our partners, we must ensure such physical conditions that make Russian terror impossible - address by the President of Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 22:46 The first is our sky shield. A sufficient number of air defense systems of sufficient capacity. Plus modern fighter jets. The second is the destruction of the basis for terror, for the production of new missiles by a terrorist state. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 13 June 2023 - 20:36 The main topic of the conversation was the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular, the consolidation of international support for the Ukrainian peace plan and the possibility of India joining the implementation of its individual points. Head of State met with IAEA Director General 13 June 2023 - 20:20 Volodymyr Zelenskyy positively noted the presence of the Agency's inspectors at the ZNPP, illegally occupied by Russia, and welcomed Rafael Grossi's intention to personally visit the plant to assess the situation on the ground. President discussed possible scenarios of establishing a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 19:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the creation of a special international tribunal to try the Russian military and political leadership for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Andriy Yermak and Margot Wallström, former European Commissioner for the Environment and former Swedish Foreign Minister, discussed the activities of the international working group on Russia's environmental crimes 13 June 2023 - 10:09 Andriy Yermak thanked Margot Wallström for constantly supporting Ukraine, in particular in countering Russia's crimes against the environment. 1 2 ... 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine