92 captures 26 Dec 2022 - 13 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221227205800/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/na-donbasi-situaciya-vazhka-ya-dyakuyu-nashim-hlopcyam-yaki-80081 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of national goals - address by the President of Ukraine 27 December 2022 - 22:17 View all videos n latest news We are entering the next year and must retain a common understanding of national goals - address by the President of Ukraine 27 December 2022 - 22:21 The program of the famous TV host David Letterman with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy was published on the website of the Office of the President and on YouTube 27 December 2022 - 14:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 27 December 2022 - 14:11 The situation in Donbas is difficult; I thank our guys who hold their positions firmly and find opportunities to "subtract" the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 26 December 2022 - 22:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the presentation of state awards on the occasion of Power Engineers' Day 23 December 2022 - 17:33 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The situation in Donbas is difficult; I thank our guys who hold their positions firmly and find opportunities to "subtract" the occupiers - address by the President of Ukraine 26 December 2022 - 22:11 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! A brief report on today - another day of another week of our resistance. First. The frontline. Bakhmut, Kreminna and other areas in Donbas, which now require maximum strength and concentration. The situation there is difficult, acute. The occupiers are using all the resources available to them - and these are significant resources - to squeeze out at least some advance. And I thank all our guys who hold their positions firmly, stand strong, and who nevertheless find opportunities not only to not lose anything, but also to drive the occupiers out, to "subtract" them. Today I want to celebrate the 10th separate mountain assault brigade for capturing the occupiers in the Donetsk region. It is very important. This will enable us to release more Ukrainians. I will also celebrate the 80th and 95th separate airborne assault brigades for the successful destruction of the enemy force in the Lyman direction. Well done, guys! The more the occupiers lose, the more time we all gain for Ukraine. Second. Energy sector. I want to thank all the workers of the energy companies, all the repair crews for the fact that this Saturday and Sunday - on Christmas Eve and Christmas - it was possible to give people more energy. Of course, deficits remain. Shutdowns continue. As of this evening, about 9 million people are disconnected in various regions of Ukraine. But the number and duration of outages is still gradually decreasing. I am thankful to each and everyone who made this result possible. Today I held a special meeting with government officials regarding the situation in the energy and infrastructure spheres. We are preparing for the next year - and not only for the winter months. There are threats that we have to eliminate. There are steps that need to be taken. And the state will definitely take them. Third. Today I held an extended meeting on the results of the visit to the USA and the implementation of the agreements. We will not waste time. We will quickly implement everything that was agreed upon in Washington. As much as possible. And one more thing. Today I spoke with the Prime Minister of India. Next year, it will be India that will preside over the G20. I wished Mr. Modi a fruitful presidency, and fruitful not for someone in particular, but for everyone in the world who values peace. India can be more active in efforts to end aggression, so I hope we can do more together for global stability in the coming year. Thank you to everyone who works for Ukraine regardless of whether it's a holiday, a weekend, or a weekday! Thank you to everyone who fights for Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who helps our country! And please don't forget to be prepared for Russian missile attacks or provocations. Air defense is preparing, the state is preparing, and everyone must prepare. Please pay attention to the sirens. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine