8 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 24 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101224056/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/budemo-pracyuvati-z-partnerami-u-yevropi-shob-maksimalno-nap-93809 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news First Thousands of North Korean Soldiers Are Not Far from Ukraine's Border – Address by the President 1 November 2024 - 22:38 At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Will Work with Our Partners in Europe to Make the Most of Each Planned Step – Address by the President 11 October 2024 - 19:53 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! It is an important week of meetings with our friends in Europe – the largest defense donors and also the strategic region of the Balkans and Southeast Europe in general. Today it was Berlin, talks with Chancellor Scholz, and just now a meeting with President Steinmeier. There will be a new defense package for Ukraine from Germany. I am especially grateful for the assistance with air defense systems – Germany is the undisputed leader of support in this area. I am grateful for another IRIS-T. We discussed with the Chancellor what kind of support will be provided this year and next – it is very important for us that the amount of aid from Germany remains stable, and this will be a signal that the path to peace will remain assured despite everything. We discussed how to further consolidate the world to bring peace closer. I informed President Steinmeier about our work with partners and how we can strengthen Ukraine's positions so that all of Europe can benefit from it. This morning, in the Vatican, I met with Pope Francis and Secretary of State Cardinal Parolin. A very sensitive issue for Ukraine, for many families in Ukraine – the release of our people from Russian captivity. Warriors and civilians, children and adults. Thousands of Ukrainians. Yesterday, we learned of the death of Ukrainian journalist Victoria Roshchyna in Russian captivity. My condolences to her family. But she was on the exchange list. Doing this work – pushing for the exchanges – is very difficult, and that is why we need special assistance, including the efforts of the Vatican. We agreed that Ukraine will provide a list of journalists who are currently held captive in Russia. We discussed in detail the return of civilians, the return of deported children. We hope for support. We are preparing a meeting in Canada for this month – specifically on this point of the Peace Formula, on humanitarian issues. I have invited the Vatican to participate. Here in Germany, and yesterday in three countries in one day – Britain, France, Italy – I presented our Victory Plan to European leaders. To Prime Minister Starmer, to President Macron, to the Head of the Italian Government Giorgia Meloni. And today during my conversation with Olaf. All the details of our strategy for achieving peace – geopolitical, military, and economic. We explained in London what kind of long-range capabilities we need now, and what our vision is for strengthening the front. We had a very good conversation with Emmanuel, and France has already helped us in many ways to unite other partners; we are now counting on such leadership. Italy – Giorgia's very principled position, a clear understanding of our motives and Europe's needs. I thank Olaf for our conversation today; Germany has all the details – regarding military aspects as well as geopolitical and economic ones. We must act together – everyone who has the necessary strength, the necessary influence – to guarantee a sustainable peace, to force Russia into peace. But we must act right now, in these months. To strengthen our guys at the front. To strengthen our common positions. Now, at the team level, we will work with our partners in Europe to make the most of each planned step; and this Plan of ours should lead to an effective second Peace Summit, to bring the war to an end. And that it be a just, fair end to the war. And one more thing. I am grateful to Croatia and to all our partners in the Balkans and in the region of Southeast Europe for our third Summit – this format that helps to preserve European unity. I thank everyone for supporting the Peace Formula and the Peace Summit format. I am confident that the Victory Plan – if our partners are truly resolute in standing with us – will become a reliable bridge between the current situation and the peace we all strive so much for. I thank everyone who stands with Ukraine! I am proud of our people. The world has been with Ukraine for the third year of this war, because our people, especially the people – millions of Ukrainians – they deserve support! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine