1 capture 03 Oct 2022 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003223122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2021&date-to=04-10-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:47 View all videos n latest news Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:44 Andriy Yermak met with the President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda 3 October 2022 - 23:28 Pursuant to the instruction of the President, Andriy Yermak presented the Gold Star Orders to five defenders of Azovstal, who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 3 October 2022 - 20:32 Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Yermak meets with UNCTAD Secretary-General 17 August 2022 - 22:30 The head of the Office of the President said that Ukraine is also ready for extensive discussion of those steps that will help other states in the conditions of the food crisis and other challenges, as well as contribute to the strengthening of the Ukrainian economy, with international institutions and partners. Active work continues on recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine - Andriy Yermak 16 August 2022 - 23:18 "Countries that are potentially interested in being security guarantors for Ukraine are being added," Andriy Yermak said. Andriy Yermak met with U.S Ambassador to Ukraine, Deputy Chief of Mission and U.S. Defense Attaché 15 August 2022 - 22:05 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink, Deputy Chief of Mission Christopher Smith and U.S. Defense Attaché Garrick Harmon. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the Head of the Diplomatic Directorate of the Office of the President of Hungary 15 August 2022 - 15:41 Ihor Zhovkva informed the Hungarian official in detail about the situation on the battlefield, regular missile attacks on civilian objects throughout the territory of Ukraine, as well as gross violations of international humanitarian law by Russian troops in the temporarily occupied territories. Particular attention was paid to the threats that arose as a result of enemy shelling of the captured Zaporizhzhia NPP. Ihor Zhovkva congratulated the Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia on the start of negotiations on the country's accession to the EU 12 August 2022 - 17:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia Edmond Ademi. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny held a phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 12 August 2022 - 08:53 The parties discussed the possibilities of optimizing logistics corridors in order to increase the sustainability of Ukraine. In the meantime, the interlocutors exchanged views on the prospects of intensifying the dialogue. After the war, Ukraine will become the center of building a new security system in Europe - Andriy Yermak 10 August 2022 - 21:11 "I definitely see Ukraine as a very powerful state. I see Ukraine, which for many centuries has gained a sense of its own dignity, unfortunately, having experienced a terrible tragedy, losing a huge number of people. I see it as the center of Eastern Europe, the center of building a new security system, at least in Europe. I am convinced of this," said Andriy Yermak. Ukraine is definitely against the protracted war - Head of the Office of the President 10 August 2022 - 20:28 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak emphasizes that our state is doing everything in order not to protract the war and liberate the temporarily occupied territories. He said this in an interview with the Interfax-Ukraine agency. De-occupation of Crimea and other temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine should be on the agenda of all civilized countries of the world - Ihor Zhovkva 10 August 2022 - 20:01 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with National Security and Foreign Relations Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Belgium Peter Moors. After six months of war, Ukraine has no faith that the Russian Federation will fulfill any agreements - Mykhailo Podolyak 10 August 2022 - 15:38 During the full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the Russian Federation has demonstrated a disregard for the rules of war and a lack of humane treatment of civilians in the occupied territories, so there is no faith that the Russian Federation will honor any agreements reached. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in a comment to BBC. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 32 33 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine