5 captures 30 Jul 2023 - 19 Jan 2026 Jun JUL Aug 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230730101020/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-na-donechchini-vzyav-uchast-v-urochistih-zaho-84597 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Special Operations Forces mean heroism, about which impossible to tell details, they inflict particularly tangible blows on Russian terrorists – address of President of Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 16:04 View all videos n latest news Special Operations Forces mean heroism, about which impossible to tell details, they inflict particularly tangible blows on Russian terrorists – address of President of Ukraine 29 July 2023 - 15:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visits informational and psychological operations units and Resistance Movement of SOF in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 15:50 Head of State takes part in solemn events on Day of Special Operations Forces of Ukrainian Armed Forces in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 14:31 President visits Special Operations Forces' positions near Bakhmut, presents state awards on Special Operations Forces Day 29 July 2023 - 13:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A working visit of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 13:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State takes part in solemn events on Day of Special Operations Forces of Ukrainian Armed Forces in Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 14:31 During a working visit to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the position of the Special Operations Forces (SOF) unit of the Armed Forces, where he took part in solemn events on the occasion of the Day of Special Operations Forces. The Head of State congratulated the warriors and thanked them for their courage and resistance. "It is very important to congratulate in person, that's why I wanted to be here, shake your strong hands, thank you for not letting our state be occupied, Ukraine and everything we have: our identity, our life be destroyed. Thank you for the fact that even after 520 days of the very difficult full-scale war for our freedom and the lives of all of us, our children, the present and the future of our state, you are still strong," Zelenskyy said, addressing the SOF warriors. Those present observed a moment of silence in memory of the heroes who gave their lives for the freedom and independence of our country. The President together with a military chaplain took part in a prayer for Ukraine's victory. He also presented state awards. In particular, Zelenskyy handed over the Golden Star order to the father of Captain Oleksiy Khyzhniak, who was posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. In September 2022, Khyzhniak's group captured an enemy checkpoint and stopped the enemy column, destroying equipment and personnel. During the battle, the captain was mortally wounded. Oleksiy Khyzhniak's father heads one of the special forces units of the SOF. Commander of the Special Operations Forces, Brigadier General Viktor Khorenko, reported to the President about the actions of the SOF warriors. According to him, the Special Operations Forces are engaged in all areas of the front and destroy the enemy in the most difficult conditions. Khorenko said that SOF units work 24/7 and often beyond their capacity. "This is the work of the SOF: difficult, but necessary for victory," he said. The flag and chevrons of the Special Operations Forces were also handed over to the President. ph A working visit of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 13:49 ph A working visit of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 29 July 2023 - 13:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine