1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224043306/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=97 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The first families bought housing under the program "Affordable Mortgage 7%" initiated by the President of Ukraine 1 March 2021 - 13:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated two families who were the first to sign mortgage agreements with banks today in the framework of the State Program "Affordable Mortgage 7%". Holidays should not affect vaccination - President 1 March 2021 - 12:48 A website to register Ukrainians for COVID-19 vaccination has been launched. This was announced by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal at a traditional conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President: We are determined to successfully implement effective judicial reform so that only honest, independent and fair courts operate in Ukraine 1 March 2021 - 10:50 Ukraine will implement effective judicial reform that will guarantee the right of every citizen to a honest, independent and fair trial. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Development of Justice" in Kyiv. President to take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Development of Justice" on March 1 28 February 2021 - 10:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take part in the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Development of Justice" on March 1. The forum will take place in Kyiv on March 1-3 in compliance with all quarantine regulations. The event will also be attended by representatives of the Office of the President, the Government, the Verkhovna Rada, the diplomatic corps of the G7 countries and relevant experts. President: We must provide every Ukrainian with high-speed Internet in any part of our country 26 February 2021 - 20:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the relevant ministers discussed the digitization of the economy, as well as the strategy for the development of culture and sports for the coming years. Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Resistance to the Occupation of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the City of Sevastopol 26 February 2021 - 11:31 Today I signed a decree on certain measures aimed at deoccupation and reintegration of the Crimean peninsula. In particular, the government is tasked with organizing and launching the Crimean Platform. I sincerely believe that the day will come when I will be able to repeal my own decree - simply because it will lose its relevance and Crimea will return to Ukraine. President convenes a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 25 February 2021 - 21:53 On Friday, February 26, 2021, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will convene a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine due to the need to take operational decisions on topical issues of state security. Ihor Zhovkva discussed preparations for the International Conference on Reforms in Ukraine with the Head of the Agency of Diplomatic Advisers to the President of Switzerland 25 February 2021 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Head of the Agency of Diplomatic Advisers to the President of Switzerland Térence Billeter. Judicial system in its current format has proved its ineligibility - President during a meeting with the leadership of parliament and government 25 February 2021 - 20:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Dmytro Razumkov, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, heads of parliamentary committees and government representatives. Presidential couple watched the exhibition "Lesya Ukrainka: 150 Names" 25 February 2021 - 20:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the exhibition "Lesya Ukrainka: 150 Names", which is part of an art project dedicated to the 150th anniversary of the prominent Ukrainian writer and public figure. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine