18 captures 16 Jan 2023 - 08 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230117125222/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-brifing-dlya-amerikanskoyi-delegaciyi-n-80397 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We work every day and night to reduce the enemy's potential - address by the President of Ukraine 16 January 2023 - 22:18 View all videos n latest news We work every day and night to reduce the enemy's potential - address by the President of Ukraine 16 January 2023 - 22:17 President of Ukraine had a meeting with OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia 16 January 2023 - 19:18 Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the U.S. delegation headed by Deputy Secretary of State 16 January 2023 - 18:22 In an interview with CNN, Olena Zelenska told how Ukrainians do not let the aggressor intimidate them 16 January 2023 - 17:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region and meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania 11 January 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the U.S. delegation headed by Deputy Secretary of State 16 January 2023 - 18:22 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the delegation of the United States of America headed by U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman on Ukraine's counteraction to the full-scale invasion of Russia. The briefing was also attended by: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States to Ukraine Bridget Brink, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Sybiha, Chairman of the Board of the National Energy Company Ukrenergo Volodymyr Kudrytskyi, representatives of the military command. Andriy Yermak informed the American partners, in particular, about the main events taking place in Ukraine and around its borders due to the aggression of the Russian Federation. He thanked the United States for supporting our country in the struggle for independence and territorial integrity. "Ukrainians will never forget the assistance and support provided to us by the U.S., the American people, the government, the President and the Congress," the Head of State noted and emphasized the importance of the U.S. leadership in the unification of the international coalition. "The United States not only supports - the United States is confident that Ukraine will win, of course, and is doing everything for our victory," he added. Andriy Yermak stressed the importance of Wendy Sherman's visit to Ukraine, during which she will receive information about the situation in our country directly on the ground. During the briefing, representatives of the Ukrainian intelligence and commanders of the troops of operational directions informed the American delegation about the current situation on the frontline and the needs of the defense forces. The participants also heard reports on the work of air defense to repel missile attacks of the aggressor state and the consequences of missile hits during the New Year holidays and on January 14. Separately, the participants considered the restoration of damaged power facilities and measures taken to protect them from enemy air attacks. In addition, the participants of the meeting discussed cooperation with international partners on the support for the restoration of the Ukrainian energy sector, which is overseen by U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources Geoffrey Pyatt. Thanks to his work, Ukraine has established a permanent dialogue with partners from the G7, the European Union and its institutions, representatives of financial and non-governmental organizations on the provision of equipment to the Ukrainian energy system. Andriy Yermak stressed that such support in the restoration of energy and other critical infrastructure is extremely important for Ukraine, because the economy must function and people must be able to return to normal life and work, bringing our victory closer. "We are committed to openness and transparency of all information, because now we feel that when we are together in this battle, when the United States is with us - it is very important and brings victory closer. But, of course, we want to gain this victory without losing our people, our cities and infrastructure," the Head of the Presidential Office summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine