7 captures 23 Oct 2020 - 07 Oct 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324033543/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-premyer-ministrom-62729 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of state has telephone conversation with Prime Minister of Israel 14 August 2020 - 13:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu. Opening the conversation, the Israeli Prime Minister welcomed the agreements reached on the establishment of a comprehensive ceasefire on the line of contact in eastern Ukraine and the progress in implementing the Minsk agreements. The President of Ukraine informed the Prime Minister of Israel about the security policy and the humanitarian situation in Donbas. He said that some cases of violation of ceasefire by militants are recorded on the line of contact, but in general the ceasefire continues, and one of the important agreements reached by the Normandy leaders following the December summit in Paris is being implemented. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Benjamin Netanyahu on the important event for regional security – the achievement of agreements on the full normalization of relations between the State of Israel and the United Arab Emirates. "This is a historic achievement and a clear example of the opportunities for dialog and diplomacy that other countries in the region can follow," the President of Ukraine said. Netanyahu said that this was not the first peace agreement signed with the Arab country, and he expressed hope that there would be other peace agreements and that peace would eventually reign in the region. The parties also discussed the actions taken by the governments of the two countries to combat the COVID-19 coronavirus pandemic. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the Israeli Prime Minister that a new high in coronavirus disease cases had been recorded in Ukraine in 24 hours and that the adaptive quarantine is in effect in the country. The President of Ukraine also pointed out the interest of the Ukrainian side in purchasing the Israeli vaccine against coronavirus, which is currently being tested in Israel, for its citizens. "Ukraine should be among Israel's friends who will be the first to join the study and use of the vaccine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. During the conversation, the parties also discussed enhancing trade cooperation between Ukraine and Israel. Netanyahu said his government would soon complete ratification of the Israel-Ukraine Free Trade Area Agreement. Volodymyr Zelenskyy welcomed this long-awaited step. He also said that the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine is working to grant Passover, Hanukkah and Rosh Hashanah the official status. Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to pay a visit to Ukraine. In response, the head of the Israeli government said that he would be glad to see the head of the Ukrainian state on a visit to Israel. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine