5 captures 27 Oct 2024 - 21 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241027141053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/irina-vereshuk-vidvidala-na-vinnichchini-reabilitacijnij-cen-94085 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Expect the Necessary Increase in Pressure on Russia and More Support for Ukraine – Address by the President 26 October 2024 - 20:13 View all videos n latest news Iryna Vereshchuk Visits Rehabilitation Center and Prosthetic and Orthopedic Facility in Vinnytsia Region 27 October 2024 - 12:12 We Expect the Necessary Increase in Pressure on Russia and More Support for Ukraine – Address by the President 26 October 2024 - 20:02 Withdrawal of Russian Troops and Cessation of Hostilities: Eighth Thematic Conference Was Held Following the First Peace Summit 25 October 2024 - 21:56 Ukraine and Bulgaria Launched Negotiations on Bilateral Security Agreement 25 October 2024 - 21:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign Countries 25 October 2024 - 20:02 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Iryna Vereshchuk Visits Rehabilitation Center and Prosthetic and Orthopedic Facility in Vinnytsia Region 27 October 2024 - 12:12 In the Vinnytsia region, Deputy Head of the President's Office Iryna Vereshchuk examined infrastructure for the rehabilitation and reintegration of Ukraine’s defenders, including those recently released from captivity. Accompanied by representatives from the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Veterans Affairs, the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the Coordination Headquarters for the Treatment of Prisoners of War, and the Office of the Ukrainian Parliament Commissioner for Human Rights, she visited the Military Rehabilitation Center, where wounded with amputations are recovering, and talked to the medical staff and warriors who are being treated there. Iryna Vereshchuk also visited a state-owned enterprise specializing in prosthetic manufacturing. She emphasized that it is important to ensure its development. "Integrating people with disabilities is one of Ukraine's strategic priorities in the coming years. Supporting this enterprise means supporting our people who need high-quality rehabilitation tools in sufficient numbers on their way to full recovery," stated Iryna Vereshchuk. Additionally, Iryna Vereshchuk chaired an offsite meeting focused on enhancing support and social protection for released prisoners of war. Key topics included simplifying and expediting the process for issuing or renewing critical documents, such as passports, military IDs, combatant status certificates, and certificates of captivity. All relevant authorities will work on implementing these changes. The implementation of these initiatives was discussed based on the example of a new Medical and Psychological Rehabilitation Center for Released Prisoners of War, recently opened in the Vinnytsia region. Next year, the center plans to hold a series of events aimed at improving its material and technical resources, ultimately enhancing the care and recovery conditions for Ukraine’s defenders. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine