10 captures 17 Jul 2019 - 11 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220328031514/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/investicijnij-klimat-dlya-nas-prioritet-volodimir-zelenskij-55985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:40 View all videos n latest news The week is planned to be very busy, so no one will be able to hide the Ukrainian interest somewhere in political offices - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2022 - 00:38 President: “Denazification” and demilitarization of Ukraine is not discussed at all in talks with Russia 28 March 2022 - 00:22 In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 Ukrainian servicemen in Mariupol are not ready to leave their wounded and dead brothers-in-arms in the city - President 27 March 2022 - 22:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Investment climate is a priority for us - Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a meeting with representatives of large and medium business in Germany 18 June 2019 - 21:51 In Berlin, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of Germany's large and medium business. The event was attended by representatives of companies with an aggregate portfolio of 220 billion euros. "This is more than two GDP of Ukraine, and this is about 450 thousand jobs," President of the German-Ukrainian Chamber of Industry and Commerce Andreas Lier said. The business representatives are hopeful for the development of cooperation, but this requires an improvement in the investment climate and the adaptation of European standards in Ukraine. "The investment climate is a priority for us. I understand what the foreign business is afraid of: our law enforcement agencies that attack businessmen, our courts that do not protect it,” the President said. The Head of State stressed the importance of eliminating the pressure of law enforcement authorities on entrepreneurs, as it would be impossible to develop the economy of Ukraine otherwise. "As President, I guarantee you the independence of investment, ensure that nobody will put pressure on you. We strive to be a European country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. According to him, the plans include ensuring the independence of the courts and law enforcement agencies, creating an "electronic customs" and combating smuggling. "We have got a very large package of innovations. This is our “A State in a Smartphone” project, which will reduce bureaucratic pressure on people. It is the Presidential Administration that restores the Investment Council. We would like to conduct its session twice a year. And we invite you, because the more foreign business is present in this council, the more transparent it is," the President noted. The Head of State also confirmed Ukraine's cooperation with the IMF, the World Bank and the EBRD. "We are launching an agreement with the IMF, we will prepare a new program in July, there will be no default. As President, I will not influence the court or the banking system," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The parties discussed in detail the cooperation in such fields as agriculture, food, construction, automobile industry, etc. The President stressed the need to localize the business to create jobs and promised to help with the solution to the overdue bureaucratic problems. They also discussed Ukraine's export opportunities and changes to legislation that contradict the Association Agreement with the EU. ph Official visit to Germany 18 June 2019 - 15:30 ph Official visit to Germany 18 June 2019 - 15:30 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine