10 captures 13 Jul 2024 - 14 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240713012900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-silne-formulyuvannya-shodo-nezvorotnosti-ruhu-ukrayin-92133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I Invite You to Build People-to-People Connections That Will Last Forever – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Meeting of the US National Governors Association 12 July 2024 - 23:26 View all videos n latest news Reconstruction of Ukraine and Support on the Path to NATO: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with U.S. Congressional Delegation 13 July 2024 - 01:25 Kyiv Regional Military Administration and the State of Utah Signed a Memorandum of Understanding 13 July 2024 - 00:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City 12 July 2024 - 23:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Regional Cooperation with the Governor of Utah 12 July 2024 - 23:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Have Strong Wording Regarding the Irreversibility of Ukraine's Movement Toward NATO – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 July 2024 - 23:25 Important decisions were made at the NATO Summit to strengthen Ukraine's air defense and Armed Forces. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Washington. The Head of State thanked Jens Stoltenberg for all the years of cooperation and emphasized that the Alliance has indeed become stronger. "We appreciate the decision on air defense, five Patriots for Ukraine and dozens of other systems. And we expect them to be delivered as soon as possible so that as many lives as possible can be saved," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also mentioned the adoption of the G7 Joint Declaration last year, which has already been joined by 32 states. "Today, we will endorse the Ukraine Compact, and this document is a success for Ukraine, as it develops our security architecture. We will definitely implement every point – we have more than enough energy for this," he noted. The President emphasized that Ukraine would do everything possible to receive an invitation to NATO. "We have strong wording regarding the irreversibility of Ukraine’s movement towards NATO – every step truly brings us closer to membership. We are doing and will continue to do everything to ensure that the day comes when Ukraine is invited and becomes a NATO member," the Head of State said. Secretary General of the North Atlantic Alliance Jens Stoltenberg noted that NATO member states have taken a decision on long-term support for Ukraine. "The NATO structure is providing security and training assistance to Ukraine. NATO will take over the coordination and provision of most of the security assistance," he announced. Jens Stoltenberg also emphasized that the Alliance is setting up a separate command to coordinate the assistance provided to Ukraine. "NATO Allies have pledged a minimum baseline of EUR 40 billion in military assistance to Ukraine over the next year and are committed to maintaining our support for Ukraine's victory," the Secretary General said. According to Jens Stoltenberg, the Alliance will strengthen cooperation with Ukraine's Armed Forces and defense industry. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine