6 captures 31 Mar 2022 - 12 May 2025 Feb MAR Apr 31 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220331103550/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ofis-prezidenta-ukrayini-pidtrimav-iniciativu-stvorennya-ukr-73957 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Australian Parliament 31 March 2022 - 11:38 Ukraine needs more weapons, because we defend the values of a democratic world - Head of the President's Office 31 March 2022 - 10:14 Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Office of the President of Ukraine supported the initiative to establish the Ukrainian Global University 30 March 2022 - 15:25 With the support of the Office of the President of Ukraine, the government, educational institutions and non-governmental organizations are creating the Ukrainian Global University (UGU), a network that brings together the world's best educational institutions to provide Ukrainian students, scholarship holders, researchers and lecturers with access to educational institutions around the world, as well as new scholarships and postdoctoral programs. Participants of the UGU initiative will have not only support, but also access to quality education and the opportunity to conduct research abroad, and then will be able to apply the acquired knowledge and skills in their home country. In the future, the UGU team plans to launch internships and programs in Ukraine that will allow their participants to quickly reintegrate and contribute to the reconstruction of the country upon their return. The initiative stipulates that displaced students, researchers and scholarship holders will not be abandoned. The main goal of UGU is to overcome the devastating consequences of Russian aggression in Ukraine and to attract leading world experience to build a new Ukraine as a worthy member of the world community of free and democratic nations. "Ukraine's integration into the world educational space has been and remains one of the key priorities of our state. Now Ukrainian schoolchildren, students, teachers, scientists who have suffered devastating losses as a result of the military aggression of the Russian Federation, need support! Investing in educational potential, we, together with leading universities in the world and Ukraine, are investing in the future. The establishment of the Ukrainian Global University is a call to the entire educational world community to support Ukrainian schoolchildren, students and scientists in obtaining quality education. These people will return to Ukraine to rebuild it after the war with world-class knowledge," said Olha Budnyk, adviser - commissioner of the President of Ukraine for the Fund of the President of Ukraine for Support of Education, Science and Sports. Currently, the UGU team is focused on establishing personal and institutional partnerships with schools, universities and research centers around the world, which will be ready to consider applications for medium- and long-term programs from Ukrainians and sponsor a number of students, scientists and researchers. Details and conditions are agreed with each partner institution separately, but all partners must sign an open memorandum with UGU, which defines common values and principles. Partnership applications can be submitted at https://uglobal.university/ Stanford, Harvard and dozens of other leading universities in the world have already supported the initiative. "Stanford realized the importance of creating new educational programs for Ukrainians six years ago when we launched the Ukrainian Emerging Leaders Program. Graduates of this program have already made significant changes to improve Ukraine. I support UGU and call on all other universities in the world to support Ukrainian students and scholars," said Michael McFaul, a professor of political science at Stanford University and director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies. "The University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne has a long tradition of solidarity with scholars and students in exile. It is especially important for us that UGU was founded by Ukrainian scientists who are now fighting not only for the sovereignty of their country, but also for our common European values. We will continue to provide our support after the end of the war, when Ukrainians return to rebuild their country," said Christine Neau-Leduc, President of the University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne. To maximize efforts, the initiative team forms a network of volunteers, which can be joined by graduates and representatives of educational institutions from around the world. They will help attract more institutions to the network, UGU is convinced, as they will be its ambassadors in their schools, colleges and universities. Volunteers can also contact the administrations of any institution around the world to initiate the process of establishing their partnership with UGU. If Ukrainian students or scholars want to become members of UGU, they can use the simplified application process on the website. They will then have to go through the full or simplified application process at any educational institution listed on the platform to increase their chances of admission. A prerequisite for participation in the program for all students is return home after graduation or research completion to help rebuild Ukraine after the war. UGU is also working with DuoLingo, an online language learning program, to allow Ukrainians to take English language tests for free and receive certificates wherever they are. Leading domestic educational institutions and organizations, including the Kyiv School of Economics, Ukraine Global Scholars, the Ukrainian Catholic University, the Emerging Leaders Program at Stanford University, the Professional Government Association, the SET University and the Kyiv Academic University, joined the establishment of the Ukrainian Global University (UGU). The initiative was also approved by the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine and the Embassy of Ukraine in the United States. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine