11 captures 23 May 2022 - 22 May 2025 Apr MAY Jun 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220523181107/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pislya-peremogi-mayemo-stvoriti-v-ukrayini-taki-umovi-shob-i-75305 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We should not be afraid to set new precedents - speech by the President of Ukraine at the World Economic Forum in Davos 23 May 2022 - 14:56 View all videos n latest news President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 After the victory, we must create conditions in Ukraine for both people and businesses to feel safe - President 23 May 2022 - 16:51 At the forum in Davos, Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed to create an organization that would prevent hunger in the world 23 May 2022 - 16:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events After the victory, we must create conditions in Ukraine for both people and businesses to feel safe - President 23 May 2022 - 16:51 After winning the war against Russia, Ukraine will become a powerful and safe state that will get rid of corruption and oligarchic influence and will be able to defend its territory and people. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy while participating in the online format in the World Economic Forum in Davos. Answering the question of the moderator - founder of the World Economic Forum Klaus Schwab about the vision of the future of Ukraine, the Head of State stressed that today, as the leader of a country at war, he thinks more about the present and losses in the war. He added that Ukraine pays dearly for freedom, independence and struggle. At the same time, the President expressed conviction that our state will definitely win, as the Ukrainian people and army have already shown their strength and courage. "It will be a strong state with concrete security priorities. We understand that anything can happen at any moment with such a neighbor, and, unfortunately, there can be war. The war may be repeated. I am convinced that we must create conditions so that people and businesses are not afraid to develop in our country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President stressed that the territory of Ukraine is large, so a solid system of defense must be created. "Our task is to establish the most advanced air defense system, the most advanced multisystem of security. Our goal is to have a security treaty with other countries that we trust and consider partners. This treaty must be full-fledged, preferably ratified by the parliaments of the strategic partner countries. So that any chances of the aggressor for the future invasion will be eliminated before entering our land," the Head of State emphasized. According to the Head of State, the security of both people and business must be guaranteed in Ukraine. "We do not intend to revive certain corruption steps, corrupt institutions, oligarchic influence. All this will not be the case in Ukraine. And none of this is there now. Exactly such a state – powerful, popular, technological and safe, ready to defend its land and people at any moment,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine