1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032120/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=36 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the military base in Germany and met with Ukrainian servicemen 14 May 2023 - 21:57 The Head of State and Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz had a conversation with Ukrainian soldiers who are undergoing training in the Bundeswehr. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and Germany 14 May 2023 - 16:11 The President of Ukraine and the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany reiterated their unequivocal condemnation of Russia’s ongoing war of aggression against Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with members of the German Security Cabinet 14 May 2023 - 16:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that such a format of the meeting is unique and fully consistent with the high level of cooperation achieved between our countries. President of Ukraine: We are working to create a coalition of fighter jets 14 May 2023 - 15:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that his foreign visits are, in particular, dedicated to the creation of a coalition of partner countries within which our country will be provided with Western-type fighter jets. He said this during a conversation with media representatives following the negotiations with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz in Berlin. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Olaf Scholz in Berlin: Germany's leadership in protecting peace can make the world safer 14 May 2023 - 15:33 During his official visit to Germany, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. President of Ukraine and Federal President of Germany had a meeting in Berlin 14 May 2023 - 12:42 The President of Ukraine highly appreciated the new defense aid package announced by the German government, the largest since the beginning of the full-scale aggression. President: There is no need for mediation with the aggressor, but Ukraine is interested in proposals on achieving a just peace 14 May 2023 - 09:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that there is no point in attempts by certain countries or influential individuals to mediate between Ukraine and Russia to end the war, but our country is interested in proposals that can contribute to a just peace, primarily based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. President: Ukraine's victory means not only liberation of all occupied territories, but also fair sentences for all murderers 14 May 2023 - 00:38 Victory for Ukraine is not only the liberation of all its territories from the Russian occupiers, but also bringing to justice all those responsible for the crime of aggression against our country. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with Italian media during an official visit to Italy. Incumbent President of the Russian Federation isolates his country with his presence in the Kremlin – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2023 - 00:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the incumbent leader of the aggressor state, Vladimir Putin, is increasingly isolating the Russian Federation from the civilized world through his tenure as President and the continuation of his policy. The head of the Ukrainian state said this in an interview with Italian media representatives during an official visit to Italy. Joint declaration by Ukraine and Italy 13 May 2023 - 22:18 At their meeting in Rome on 13th May 2023, the President of Ukraine and the President of the Council of Ministers of the Italian Republic issued the following declaration. 1 2 ... 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine