5 captures 15 Nov 2023 - 06 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231115113316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-obgovoriv-iz-chlenami-komitetu-z-p-87025 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news Head of the Presidential Office discussed defense needs of Ukraine with members of the House Intelligence Committee 15 November 2023 - 10:27 Andriy Yermak held a series of meetings with members of the U.S. Congress in Washington, DC 15 November 2023 - 09:24 Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:19 Roman Mashovets met with the leadership of the American medical corporation Northwell Health 14 November 2023 - 21:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Presidential Office discussed defense needs of Ukraine with members of the House Intelligence Committee 15 November 2023 - 10:27 During a working visit to the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with members of the House Intelligence Committee. The American side, in addition to Committee Chairman Mike Turner and Co-Chairman Jim Himes, was represented by Congressmen Raja Krishnamoorthi, French Hill, Dan Crenshaw, Jason Crow, Darin LaHood, and Mike Garcia. Andriy Yermak thanked the members of the Committee for their proactive stance and assistance to our country, in particular for their assistance in obtaining strategically important weapons. "Ukrainian warriors are extremely responsible when using weapons received from our allies and use them as efficiently as possible, fighting for every meter of our land and liberating it from Russian invaders," the Head of the Presidential Office said. He briefed the interlocutors on the current situation on the battlefield, particularly in the hottest areas of the frontline. Andriy Yermak outlined the key urgent needs of the Ukrainian army to repel Russian aggression. The Head of the President's Office also noted that as the winter season approaches, Russia will once again resort to the practice of missile terror – striking at Ukraine's energy system to leave our citizens without electricity and heat during the cold season. "In view of this, Ukraine needs more effective air defense systems to protect people, ensure the functioning of cities and the economy, and in particular the grain corridor, which is critical for the world's food security," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude to the members of Congress from both parties for their unwavering support of our country in the fight for independence, freedom and democratic values. ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 ph Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine