7 captures 22 May 2022 - 08 Aug 2025 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522102151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bez-ukrayini-yevrosoyuz-i-nato-sogodni-ne-budut-silnimi-andr-75053 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:51 View all videos n latest news The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The European Union and NATO will not be strong today without Ukraine - Andriy Yermak 14 May 2022 - 08:36 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that today Ukraine needs the unity of Europe in supporting our country, in particular on its path to membership in the European Union, and imposing more effective sanctions on Russia, especially the oil embargo. He said this during an online conversation with representatives of the European Policy Centre. Andriy Yermak reminded that on the initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy he had gathered leading international experts (Yermak-McFaul group) to work out recommendations on effective long-term sanctions on Russia. They have developed an Action Plan to strengthen sanctions. Its main point is a complete embargo on Russian energy - the main source of funding for the Russian army. On May 9, the expert group presented a Roadmap, a step-by-step strategy with detailed recommendations for the EU on energy sanctions, which contains clear proposals to minimize Russia's oil revenues during the transition period and ensure a managed phased embargo on Russian gas imports. The Head of the President's Office stressed that Ukraine and the Yermak-McFaul group commend the European Commission's decision to impose a total ban on Russian oil imports. He noted that Europe should be united in the issue of the oil embargo. According to Andriy Yermak, the Ukrainian authorities are constantly in contact with European partners, the EU leadership, and all proposals of the Ukrainian side are taken into account, and their effect will be seen in the results. The Head of the President's Office is also convinced that both a strong sanctions policy and Ukraine's accession to the EU are a matter of mutual security - for our country and the whole of Europe, although not all European capitals are aware of this. "For us, the proposal on “alternatives to European integration” is unacceptable. We believe that it creates the same illusion of an open door as in the case of NATO," he said. According to Andriy Yermak, Ukraine today deserves special unprecedented mechanisms for EU membership. The Head of the President's Office believes that in June our country must receive the status of a candidate for EU membership, because otherwise it will be an extremely negative and incorrect signal. "Today, our country, being neither a member of NATO nor a member of the EU, has been repelling one of the world's most powerful armies for so many days. And today, the European Union and NATO must finally understand that as much as Ukraine needs the EU and NATO, so much does NATO and the EU need Ukraine. I believe that without Ukraine today, neither the European Union nor NATO will be strong," he said. Andriy Yermak is convinced that Ukraine will become one of the founders and leaders of the new security system to be created after this war. "And we want to do it together with our European friends," said the Head of the President's Office. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine