4 captures 29 May 2023 - 02 May 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230529151834/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=146 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – "Large construction": President observed the new indoor pool in Zolotonosha and the infrastructure development plans of the Cherkasy region 20 October 2021 - 15:31 In the city of Zolotonosha, Cherkasy region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska observed the new indoor pool at the gymnasium named after S. Sklyarenko built within the Large Construction National Program. President and the First Lady visited Shevchenko HUB in Kaniv 20 October 2021 - 13:38 During a working trip to the Cherkasy region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena visited the newly built modern cultural center "Shevchenko HUB" in Kaniv. In Kaniv, Volodymyr and Olena Zelenskyy honored the memory of Kobzar 20 October 2021 - 11:36 In the Shevchenko National Reserve in Kaniv, the presidential couple laid flowers at Kobzar's grave on Tarasov Hill. President began a working trip to the Cherkasy region 20 October 2021 - 10:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena arrived in the Cherkasy region on a working trip. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the US Secretary of Defense 19 October 2021 - 18:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary of Defense of the United States of America Lloyd Austin who is in Kyiv on a working visit. President: Vaccination is the only alternative to lockdown 18 October 2021 - 22:20 Ukraine's healthcare system is ready for an increase in the incidence of COVID-19, but the only alternative to the introduction of lockdown is vaccination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ICTV within the Freedom of Speech program. Three more EU countries will sign declarations on European perspective with Ukraine in the near future - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2021 - 21:58 "This year we started preparing bilateral declarations with EU countries in support of Ukraine's European perspective. When Ukraine and the European Union decide that Ukraine can be a member of the EU, the country with which we sign this declaration will definitely vote for us," he said in an interview for ICTV as part of the Freedom of Speech program. President of Ukraine: Justice reform and anticorruption reform will soon be accelerated 18 October 2021 - 21:50 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that in the near future the anticorruption bodies of Ukraine will resume their work in full, as well as the implementation of judicial reform will be accelerated and the Constitutional Court will be rebooted. The President said this in an interview for ICTV in the framework of the Freedom of Speech program. There is enough gas in Ukraine today to provide consumers with at a stable price - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2021 - 21:39 "I want to reassure everyone. I believe that the authorities have taken many important, substantive and timely actions. Today there is enough gas for society, enough gas for consumers. Despite the gas shortage, which arose for obvious reasons in Europe, we have not just enough gas, but enough gas at normal prices, compared to European ones," said the President. Acceleration of vaccination and fight against forgery of PCR tests and COVID-19 certificates were discussed at a meeting with the President 18 October 2021 - 14:22 The increase in the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine, the acceleration of the vaccination process and the fight against forgery of PCR tests and vaccination certificates were discussed by participants of the conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 1 2 ... 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine