9 captures 14 Oct 2021 - 11 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kongres-miscevih-ta-regionalnih-vlad-za-uchastyu-volodimira-70869 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Congress of Local and Regional Authorities with the participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy considered the issue of waste management and providing the population with drinking water 30 September 2021 - 16:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, during which the issue of reforming the waste management system and providing the population with drinking water was considered. The President noted that the issue of waste management is extremely important, as in Ukraine only 4% of solid waste is sorted as landfills and illegal dumps are overfilled. "I would like to talk to you today, to hear about the state of implementation of reform in this area," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak reminded that the bill on waste management has been under discussion for over a year, and the need to unify the rules with the European Union has long been ripe. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iuliia Svyrydenko noted that last year 462 million tons of waste were generated in Ukraine, and 10 million tons of solid household waste is accumulated annually. According to her, there are 33,000 unauthorized landfills in Ukraine. Iuliia Svyrydenko also said that the draft law on waste management should introduce rules and start the development of sectoral documents, in particular on batteries and accumulators, waste from the extractive industry, etc. This bill introduces a new term "waste management hierarchy". It sounds complicated, but in fact it is a guide for every Ukrainian on what to do with waste. First of all, to prevent its formation, to ensure its processing and to allow waste burial only in exceptional cases. The second aspect is to establish the principle that the polluter pays. The costs of waste management should be borne by its original generator. This bill establishes an extended responsibility of the manufacturer who will ensure the full disposal of packaging released on the market with the commodity," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. According to her, the draft law on waste management is aimed at creating conditions for the construction of modern waste processing infrastructure. Negotiations are currently underway with the Scandinavian countries, which are at the forefront of building modern recycling plants. At the same time, investors should receive market tariffs and transparent cooperation with local authorities. Andriy Yermak, for his part, noted that the payback period for the construction of waste processing plants exceeds 10 years, so there should be a guarantee for the investor that waste will be supplied to this plant, not to the landfills of someone's "friends or partners". Iuliia Svyrydenko reminded that at the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council it was decided that all local communities should create regional waste management plans by the end of the year. In addition, the participants of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President considered the state of providing the population with drinking water. "There are two questions. How is the relevant state program being implemented? Why don’t some regions have their own drinking water, why do some regions import drinking water from other regions?” the President of Ukraine noted. The Head of the Office of the President stressed the need to adopt a national program "Drinking Water of Ukraine" for 2022-2026, as the health of Ukrainians is a priority for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his team. Minister for Communities and Territories Development of Ukraine Oleksiy Chernyshov noted that currently only 69% of the population of Ukraine has access to centralized drinking water supply systems and 48% - to centralized sewerage. He said that his ministry had developed and submitted to the Verkhovna Rada a draft law on a program to provide the population with quality drinking water. In the framework of this program, it is planned to implement more than 1,700 infrastructure projects in the regions of Ukraine, including the construction of new and reconstruction of existing water supply and sewerage facilities. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded of the city of Mariupol, which has problems with drinking water due to the temporary occupation of part of the Donetsk region. "There are enough problems with drinking water throughout our country. Therefore, I think that we must prepare the changes to the budget and implement them quickly," the President said. The participants of the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities supported the proposal to consider the possibility of including in the list of objects of the Large Construction program for 2022 the creation of new treatment facilities for the Odesa region. The relevant committee of the Verkhovna Rada should consider the revised draft law on the Drinking Water of Ukraine program and submit it for approval immediately. At the end of the meeting, the participants considered the formation of a system of training of personnel for local government bodies. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the level of knowledge and skills of local managers directly affects the level of community development and well-being of local residents. The Head of State also noted that in 2022 local budgets will receive an additional 4% through the distribution of personal income tax (PIT), and communities will have an additional resource - more than UAH 11 billion. "This clearly demonstrates the fact that decentralization is taking place in Ukraine," the President stressed. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities 30 September 2021 - 14:19 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities 30 September 2021 - 14:19 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine