4 captures 27 Sep 2022 - 14 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220927081905/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-ukrayini-sogodni-pidtrimka-zbroyeyu-ce-prioritet-i-vsi-77225 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia felt that it will lose and is now trying to delay this moment, to ensure some activity at the front - address by the President of Ukraine 26 September 2022 - 22:43 View all videos n latest news Russia felt that it will lose and is now trying to delay this moment, to ensure some activity at the front - address by the President of Ukraine 26 September 2022 - 22:41 Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 26 September 2022 - 22:16 We say to our partners, in particular Germany: if you want the war to end as soon as possible, give us the Leopard 2 - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Tagesschau 26 September 2022 - 16:10 President took part in the signing of the document on the launch of the new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV for investments in Ukrainian companies 26 September 2022 - 15:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and relatives of the fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously 24 September 2022 - 08:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events For Ukraine today, support with weapons is a priority, and all our needs are known in detail to the President of Poland - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv 23 August 2022 - 14:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda who arrived in our country to participate in the Second Summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of the presence of friends of Ukraine on such a symbolic day - the Day of the National Flag. "I am glad to welcome to Ukraine our wonderful neighbor, President of Poland Andrzej Duda. Thank you for being here today, for being with us on the day of our flag and on the eve of the biggest holiday for Ukraine - Independence Day," said the Ukrainian Head of State. The President of Ukraine said that during the meeting with his Polish colleague, the entire complex of issues of bilateral relations, joint protection of the freedom of our peoples and Europe in general was discussed. "Of course, we talked about defense, security, support and shelter for Ukrainians and our children in Poland. I am very grateful to you, Andrzej, your wife, your government and the people of friendly Poland, which treat Ukraine so warmly and in a brotherly manner," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He noted that some help requires silence, but it is important that this silence is then heard by the enemy. "Everything we need now is known in detail to the President of Poland. And we are very grateful for the amount provided by the Polish side, which helps us a lot. For us, for Ukraine, during the war, the issue of support with weapons is a priority," the Head of State emphasized. The President also noted that today, despite aggression from the Russian Federation, the second summit of the Crimea Platform will take place. "And we will do everything to deoccupy our Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea. The Crimea Platform is an excellent political tool for discussion and deoccupation of parts of our beautiful state," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, representatives of 60 foreign states and international organizations became participants in this year's summit of the Crimea Platform. In particular, the countries of the African continent and Latin America, which were not present at the first summit, joined. For his part, President of Poland Andrzej Duda noted that it is an honor for him to be next to the President of Ukraine and other partners at the event, which is important for the deoccupation of Crimea. "Ukraine is fighting today, defending its independence, its integrity from Russian aggression, which began not on February 24, but back in 2014, when Russia first attacked Ukraine, starting the de facto occupation of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, and first of all, the occupation of Crimea," he emphasized. According to the President of Poland, it is symbolic for Poles and representatives of the Baltic states to be next to Ukrainians who are fighting against Russian aggression. Andrzej Duda also noted that it is a great honor for him to be able to personally congratulate the Ukrainian people on National Flag Day and Independence Day, which will be celebrated tomorrow. The President of Poland expressed confidence in the victory of our country in the war with Russia, the return of all occupied territories and rebuilding and strengthening our country. And the Republic of Poland and other democratic partner states will support Ukraine in this, he noted. "I want you to be sure: Poland and the Poles stand with you and will support you until the last day of your struggle. We deeply believe that this will be your victorious struggle, and we stand by you," Andrzej Duda said. ph Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Poland in Kyiv 23 August 2022 - 13:23 ph Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Poland in Kyiv 23 August 2022 - 13:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine