12 captures 20 Oct 2023 - 08 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231020144045/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cimi-dnyami-rosijski-vtrati-spravdi-vrazhayut-i-same-taki-vt-86493 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:56 View all videos n latest news These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz discussed defense support, Ukraine's movement towards the EU and the situation in the Middle East 20 October 2023 - 16:26 In Mykolaiv region, the Head of State visited the military hospital where he awarded wounded defenders of Ukraine and medics 20 October 2023 - 16:07 In Mykolaiv, President held a meeting on the current situation in the region 20 October 2023 - 15:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 October 2023 - 16:50 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today my team and I are in Kherson region, in Mykolaiv. There are a lot of tasks. A meeting with the military – Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny, Chief of the General Staff Shaptala, Commander of the Odesa operational-strategic grouping of troops Hnatov and Commander of the Marines Sodol, Head of the State Border Guard Service, General Deyneko. A special format, a narrow circle. Regarding the situation in Kherson and the region, in the south in general, as well as in Donetsk region – first of all, Avdiivka. I am grateful to all our guys who are holding their ground and destroying the occupier day after day. These days, Russian losses are really impressive, and it is exactly the kind of losses of the occupier that Ukraine needs. We also discussed the Kupyansk direction in Kharkiv region. I held a meeting in Mykolaiv with the leadership of the region and the city, the military, the law enforcers to discuss the protection of the region, our infrastructure, our ports, corridors in the Black Sea. We also analyzed social issues that are important for Mykolaiv and the cities and villages of the region: energy, heat supply, water supply to Mykolaiv and the region, the quality of water supplied to the city, social services, economic activity. All the things that really need attention at all levels of government. I am especially grateful to Denmark for their effective support of Mykolaiv, for their sincere assistance to the city, just as we agreed with Prime Minister Frederiksen. I visited our warriors in Mykolaiv hospital who are undergoing treatment after being wounded in battles. I thanked them for their strength and thanked the doctors for their dedication to their work. An important report by the regional head of the Security Service of Ukraine on the protection of Mykolaiv and the region from subversive activities of Russia and collaborators. Thank you for your work, guys! Special attention is paid to protecting the sky from Russian bombs and missiles. We are working to bolster air defense. I thank everyone in the world who helps us with this. In particular, I spoke with Olaf Scholz – regarding air defense as well. We are working together to ensure that Patriots in the hands of Ukrainian warriors can do more – already this winter. I invited Germany to take part in a meeting of advisors on the Peace Formula, which we are preparing for late October. We also discussed the situation in the Middle East with the Chancellor. I thank Olaf that our agreements are being strictly implemented. President Biden delivered a very important, indeed historic speech. Yesterday we spoke with him – it was a good conversation, and now there is his address – powerful, timely, one that really adds to our confidence. Thank you for your unwavering support for Ukraine. The democratic world understands how important Ukraine's resilience is for the freedom of all free nations – and not only in Europe. We can overcome all threats. The speech by President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen the day before is also inspiring. I am grateful to Madam President for her clear call to speed up Ukraine's path to victory. A call to everyone in Europe and the free world to be as united as possible, as long as it takes to defeat the terrorists who seek to destroy our states and our lives. Europe must prevail, not those who are trying to turn our lives into ruins. And one more thing. Today is the 20th anniversary of the intelligence of the Border Guard Service of Ukraine. They are heroic warriors. I had the honor to congratulate them today, to recognize them with state awards. I held a separate meeting with the border guards on the tasks they perform – they perform them effectively. And I am proud that the Border Guard Service of Ukraine and its units are only getting stronger. Glory to all of you, warriors! Glory to our strong nation! And thank you – Kherson, Mykolaiv – for today. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine