1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024630/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=20 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Russia must be brought to account for crimes against Ukrainian children - Andriy Yermak in a conversation with human rights lawyer Amal Clooney 8 April 2023 - 12:14 Head of Presidential Office of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had an online call with the prominent human rights lawyer and Co-Founder of the Clooney Foundation for Justice Amal Clooney. The interlocutors discussed the issue of protecting the rights of Ukrainian children and holding Russia accountable for crimes committed against them. Oleksiy Kuleba took part in the opening of the "Girl under the Sun" sculpture, which was installed in Borodyanka on the anniversary of the deoccupation of the Kyiv region 2 April 2023 - 17:28 The four-meter sculpture represents the victory of life over destruction, and its arches symbolize the resistance of seven districts of the Kyiv region and the capital. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the President of the International Federation of Gymnastics 1 April 2023 - 22:48 The representatives of Ukraine also emphasized that Russia uses its athletes to propagandize aggression, so they called on Morinari Watanabe to support the initiative to prevent Russian and Belarusian athletes from participating in the 2024 Olympics. No occupier, starting with the leadership of the Russian Federation, will escape liability – Andriy Yermak 1 April 2023 - 15:58 Ukraine is determined to ensure that all the occupiers, starting from the Russian leadership who issued the criminal orders to their immediate executors, are brought to justice for the crimes committed in our country. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak said this during the United News telethon, summing up this week full of local and international events. Exhibition of Russian war crimes opens in New York on Bucha liberation anniversary 1 April 2023 - 14:15 On the initiative of the Office of the President of Ukraine, on March 31 – the day of the liberation of Bucha – the "Ukraine. Crucifixion. Tribunal" international exhibition opened in New York, 100 meters from the United Nations. The exhibition is dedicated to the crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine and is presented on the eve of the UN's consideration of the creation of an International Tribunal that will punish Russia for crimes of aggression. Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues with representatives of Ukrainian and international media 31 March 2023 - 10:54 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and international media. Roman Mashovets and Oleksiy Kuleba, Deputy Heads of the Office of the President, also took part in the conversation. At the meeting, a number of topical issues of the Ukrainian agenda were discussed. Head of the President's Office met with the U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 08:51 The Head of the Presidential Office thanked the United States for its unflagging support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. A briefing was held for representatives of the European Union Political and Security Committee with the participation of the leadership of the President's Office 30 March 2023 - 23:06 With the participation of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, a briefing was held for representatives of the European Union Political and Security Committee regarding the resistance to a full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation and the enlargement of the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office and the Head of the Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid Operations discussed the restoration of civilian objects 30 March 2023 - 21:12 The parties discussed the humanitarian situation in Ukraine and the basic needs of the Ukrainian population in different regions of the country, which arose as a result of Russian armed aggression. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 30 March 2023 - 14:02 The interlocutors discussed ways to implement the agreements reached during the phone call between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni on March 29. 1 2 ... 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine