2 captures 23 Jul 2021 - 07 Oct 2022 Sep OCT Nov 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221007062244/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-poltavshini-cogo-roku-bude-zbudovano-stilki-dorig-skilki-63245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:30 View all videos n latest news Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development 6 October 2022 - 20:23 President discussed safety issues at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with the Director General of the IAEA 6 October 2022 - 19:40 Russian evil will lose when our peace formula prevails - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the leaders of the European Political Community 6 October 2022 - 17:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events This year, an unprecedented number of roads will be built in the Poltava region - President 1 September 2020 - 14:58 During a working trip to the Poltava region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the overhaul of the M-03 Kyiv-Kharkiv highway within the city of Poltava. Last year, the Head of State was driving part of this road and was sadly impressed by the highway. Now this road has undergone a substantial reconstruction. "It was a pleasure to drive. Today, it is a beautiful road - we drove from the airport, a beautiful modern road will be available," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The project is implemented in the framework of the National Program "Great Construction". The 4.1 km long part of the M-03 road, which needed to be repaired, runs within Poltava and is the main infrastructure road of the regional center, which is connected to the international transport corridor. "We have recently opened the first part of the Poltava bypass road, we will soon open the second part so that you can drive without entering the city. While we are completing the bypass, it was very important to upgrade the M-03 section in the city,” Head of the State Agency of Automobile Roads of Ukraine (Ukravtodor) Oleksandr Kubrakov noted. A subvention from the state budget in the amount of UAH 95 million was allocated for the repair of this section. It was aimed at repairing this part of the highway. The project is 96% ready. There are currently six traffic lights, lighting, a 2.8 km long barrier fence, and an interactive speedometer radar. "Then we move in the direction of Kharkiv to the border. On the road from Poltava to Valky there is a section in the Kharkiv region, which we are expanding to the first category - four lanes in each direction. In fact, this is a new construction. Next year we will open an extension to the first category. That is, the entire route from Kyiv to Kharkiv will be of the 1st category,” Oleksandr Kubrakov said. The President noted that this road passes through many regions and reaches the occupied territory of Donbas. "That is, next year we will have the whole road to the occupied part of the territories completely finished," the Head of State emphasized. Head of the Poltava regional state administration Oleh Syniehubov said that, in addition to 235 km of roads of state importance, this year they plan to build more than 100 km of local roads. A total of 22 facilities are being built in the region as part of the "Great Construction". "As for the roads, there are only pros. 235 kilometers of state roads plus 100 local ones are being built thanks to Ukravtodor and our Head of the regional state administration. 335 kilometers have never been built in Poltava in the days of independent Ukraine. This is a great result," the President said during a conversation with the media after inspecting the construction works. As for the condition of other objects of the program - schools, kindergartens and sports grounds, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, some of them have already been commissioned, and some are not ready yet, there is a delay for a month. The Head of State also set a task for Oleh Syniehubov to complete the long-term construction - a municipal swimming pool - in 2021. "But in general, I think the level of construction of all facilities planned for 2020 is very good," the President concluded. ph Working trip to the Poltava region 1 September 2020 - 12:33 ph Working trip to the Poltava region 1 September 2020 - 12:33 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine