10 captures 20 Oct 2022 - 11 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221020040453/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oleksandr-usik-priyednavsya-do-fandrejzingovoyi-platformi-un-78557 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:09 View all videos n latest news Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:06 Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak meets with European Commissioner Janez Lenarčič 19 October 2022 - 20:48 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Foreign Minister of Greece 19 October 2022 - 19:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Oleksandr Usyk joined the United24 fundraising platform 18 October 2022 - 23:05 Undisputed cruiserweight world boxing champion, heavyweight world champion Oleksandr Usyk became the ambassador of the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will focus on supporting the "Reconstruction of Ukraine" direction. This was announced during the athlete's online conversation with President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of State thanked the champion for supporting Ukraine and joining the global initiative, which promotes fundraising to help the country. "You are a victorious symbol of Ukraine, and today the most important thing for Ukraine is to have steps forward on any battlefield - at the front, in sports, in diplomacy. And forward means only victorious steps. They extremely mobilize society and motivate all of us to fight for Ukraine - everyone on their own front," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Oleksandr Usyk has been supporting Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion: at the end of February, he joined the ranks of the territorial defense, in September he represented the country on the international stage and defended the titles of the WBO, WBA (Super), IBF, IBO world heavyweight champion in a fight with the British Anthony Joshua. From now on, Oleksandr Usyk will help rebuild Ukrainian cities that have been destroyed by missiles and kamikaze drones. First of all, he will focus on the restoration of the Kyiv region, where he is already implementing infrastructure projects. The athlete said that on October 20 in Los Angeles, at the famous Beverly Hills hotel, a charity evening and auction organized by the Usyk Foundation will be held. Some lots will be provided by United24. According to Oleksandr Usyk, famous American actors have confirmed their participation in the event. "I am happy to join the platform founded by President Zelenskyy," said Oleksandr Usyk. "We should join forces to convey the truth to the world community and strengthen support for Ukraine. The event on October 20 will be attended by many famous people, so I hope we will raise significant funds to help Ukrainians affected by the war," he added. The champion also thanked the Head of State for the strong morale and position he is demonstrating today, for the efforts to unite the world community in support of Ukraine in its struggle. In this context, Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of keeping our country in the focus of the world's attention. "No one should forget what is happening in Ukraine," he emphasized and noted that Oleksandr Usyk is now extremely popular in the USA and Europe, and this popularity is already working to help Ukraine. "We continue the struggle and are glad to welcome the Ukrainian champion to the team of United24 ambassadors," said the Head of State and wished the athlete new victories. In the United24 team, Oleksandr Usyk will join his colleagues in sports - Andriy Shevchenko and Elina Svitolina, as well as musicians from Imagine Dragons, creative director of Balenciaga Demna and American actors Liev Schreiber, Barbra Streisand and Mark Hamill, who recently became the first ambassador of the "Army of Drones". Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine