3 captures 03 Sep 2020 - 06 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220706191005/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-povinni-dopomagati-biznesu-tam-de-ce-potribno-prezident-p-63277 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Ukraine expects to receive air defense systems from partners to protect the sky - Head of State 6 July 2022 - 18:24 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Ireland, whose visit to our country is the first since independence 6 July 2022 - 18:01 The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:35 President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Ireland 6 July 2022 - 16:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President during a visit to the Center for Entrepreneurship Support "Diia.Business": We must help businesses where it is needed 2 September 2020 - 16:32 Digitization will simplify business life as much as possible. The goal of the Ukrainian government is to make it possible for entrepreneurs to register business and provide services online, and even pay taxes with one click. Diia.Business centers are designed to unite entrepreneurs, increase the percentage of new companies in the regions and reduce the number of cases of business closures. To see how it works, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the work of the first Center for Entrepreneurship Support in Ukraine together with the consulting zone "Diia.Business" during a working trip to the Kharkiv region. Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine Mykhailo Fedorov noted that "Diia.Business" is a large-scale national project for business development, which has two components: "Diia.Business" online platform for entrepreneurs and a network of offline support centers for entrepreneurs. He emphasized that the "Diia.Business" project should improve communication between government and business. "We believe that our team will be able to create the best conditions for business development during its years in office," Mykhailo Fedorov said. The Deputy Prime Minister noted that 100,000 people have already used the services of starting a business via the "Diia" portal. "It will be possible to register an LLC online. And this will be the fastest service in the world," Mykhailo Fedorov stressed. He informed that the "Diia.Business" centers will be created in 50 cities of Ukraine. In particular, they will be opened on the basis of administrative service centers. The President noted that they should be created not only in regional centers, but also in small towns, in particular in the centers of united territorial communities. "I think we should go from Kyiv to big cities and small ones. We must help businesses where it is needed. This means that the state must be a support throughout Ukraine," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the office was created in the most modern format. He talked to entrepreneurs who receive consultations. Mykhailo Fedorov added that the subject "Entrepreneurship" will be introduced in some educational institutions as a pilot project. ph Working trip to the Kharkiv region 2 September 2020 - 11:56 ph Working trip to the Kharkiv region 2 September 2020 - 11:56 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine