1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030310/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=25 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President had a phone call with the Chancellor of Germany 3 July 2023 - 21:15 The Head of State noted the important signals of Germany in support of Ukraine at the London Recovery Conference and the European Council meeting. President visited military hospital in Odesa region and awarded Ukrainian sailors 2 July 2023 - 15:46 ﻿﻿During a working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited one of the medical institutions where wounded servicemen of the Ukrainian Navy are being treated. President at the events in Odesa on the occasion of the Day of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Courage and skill of our Navy destroyed enemy's hopes and drowned them in the sea 2 July 2023 - 15:17 In Odesa, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events dedicated to the Day of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, in particular, he met with cadets of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odesa Maritime Academy" and presented state awards and battle flags. President listened to the report on the development of the Ukrainian Navy in Odesa region 2 July 2023 - 14:53 During a working trip to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy listened to the report by Commander of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Oleksiy Neizhpapa. President visits Rivne NPP, holds Supreme Commander-in-Chief's Staff meeting 1 July 2023 - 21:06 The meeting participants listened to the information of Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valeriy Zaluzhny and Head of Defense Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Kyrylo Budanov about the possible options for the enemy's actions regarding the Rivne NPP. When Russians withdraw from Zaporizhzhia NPP, its territory would require careful check to exclude remote detonation possibility – President in interview with Spanish media 1 July 2023 - 20:34 The President said that, according to information from Ukrainian intelligence, the Russian Federation has a plan to provoke the release of hazardous substances at the plant. But, since the Ukrainian side does not fire on the ZNPP, the occupiers are looking for a format and moment to implement this plan. Russia may stage terrorist attack on ZNPP to scare the world with consequences of war, politically influence Ukraine's counteroffensive – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 July 2023 - 18:22 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that Russia may resort to a terrorist act at the Zaporizhzhia NPP, which it occupies, to scare the world with the possible consequences of its aggression against Ukraine and create political influence on the counteroffensive actions of the Ukrainian army. President of Ukraine holds meeting in Kyiv with President of the Government of Spain of Spain, which takes over Presidency of the Council of the EU 1 July 2023 - 17:37 At the meeting, the leaders discussed several issues, primarily those related to protection against Russian aggression. Joint declaration of the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the Government of Spain, Pedro Sánchez 1 July 2023 - 14:52 At their meeting in Kyiv on 1 July 2023, coinciding with the first day of the Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union, the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and the President of the Government of Spain, Pedro Sánchez, issued the following joint declaration. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with founder of Wasatch Group Dell Loy Hansen 30 June 2023 - 19:09 The Head of State thanked Hansen for helping Ukrainians, because since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine, he has been an active participant in charity projects in support of our country. 1 2 ... 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine