8 captures 17 Oct 2023 - 09 Oct 2025 Sep OCT Nov 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231017112220/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-rezultat-u-nashomu-prosuvanni-vpered-zvernennya-prezi-86401 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We have a result in our advancement – address by the President of Ukraine following the meeting of the Staff 17 October 2023 - 13:55 View all videos n latest news We have a result in our advancement – address by the President of Ukraine following the meeting of the Staff 17 October 2023 - 13:54 We are working to provide our warriors with more air defense, more protection for our cities, so that they can maintain life – address by the President of Ukraine 16 October 2023 - 21:30 Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malta 16 October 2023 - 21:27 An expanded meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine on the issues of Kyiv region was held under the chairmanship of Andriy Yermak and with the participation of Penny Pritzker 16 October 2023 - 20:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We have a result in our advancement – address by the President of Ukraine following the meeting of the Staff 17 October 2023 - 13:54 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I held a meeting of the Staff. The commanders delivered important reports. I thank every warrior, every brigade of ours who are firmly holding their positions. Avdiivka, Bakhmut direction, Maryinka, Shakhtarsk direction. Kupyansk and Zaporizhzhia direction. Well done, guys! I am grateful to those who are effectively destroying the occupiers' logistics and bases on our land. There are results. I am grateful to some of our partners – the weapons are effective, as we agreed. We have a result in our advancement, the result of our guys' assault operations, and this is the key news for our country. Every day, every week, Ukraine needs such results. Every day, every week, we need to keep the initiative. I am grateful to all those who are doing just that – every kilometer, every occupier's defense line overcome – all this matters. The consistency of our results means the consistency of the world's support for Ukraine. There was a report at the Staff meeting on the protection of the Black Sea coast and the Danube region. Protection of people. Protection of ports. Protection of our exports. I am grateful to everyone who works for this. We also discussed international politics and the changes that have taken place. Government officials reported, as did the intelligence. There are many challenges. But whatever the threats, our response is our strength. Our unity. To protect Ukraine and state interests, to be on the defensive or with the defense. To help. To take care of those around us. To find your place in the common work of the nation – this is important. We will definitely prevail! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine