9 captures 26 Nov 2024 - 14 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241126180651/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-200-rosijskih-droniv-proti-ukrayini-za-dobu-ce-majzhe-94673 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:17 View all videos n latest news Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:14 Olena Zelenska: The Resilience of One is the Resilience of Millions 26 November 2024 - 17:33 The Fewer Excess Profits Russia Earns from Oil, the Fewer Resources It Will Have to Wage War – Address by the President 25 November 2024 - 19:11 UNICEF Expands Support for Vulnerable Categories of Ukrainians 25 November 2024 - 17:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State and the First Lady Honored the Memory of Holodomor Victims in Ukraine 23 November 2024 - 14:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:14 Dear Ukrainians! The key points for the moment. Nearly two hundred Russian strike drones in one night. Most of them were either shot down or neutralized by electronic warfare. I am grateful to all mobile fire groups, all air defense and electronic warfare units. This was a major escalation of pressure on Ukraine through such acts of terror. And it is crucial that we succeed in protecting our people and our infrastructure from the majority of these threats. But unfortunately, not one hundred percent. In the Ternopil region, efforts are still underway to address the aftermath of the strike. Nearly two hundred Russian drones against Ukraine in one day – that is nearly two hundred proofs that Russian ambitions are utterly detached from any ideas of real peace. Currently in Sumy, the rescue operation at the site of the shelling targeting a vehicle service station is still in progress. Tragically, two people have been killed. My condolences to their families and loved ones. One person is likely still trapped under the rubble. A house and a nearby kindergarten were also damaged by the strike. Preliminary, it was a multiple rocket launcher attack. And the only effective way to protect ourselves from this is to eliminate Russian weapons and Russian launchers directly on Russian territory. That is why the ability to strike Russian territory is so important to us. This is the only factor that can limit Russian terror and Russia's capacity to wage war in general. I am grateful to all the partners who understand this and convey it to other partners. Today, there was a report from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. It was in the morning. And there will be another conversation this evening. The priorities – they are clear. The frontline – the Pokrovsk direction, Kurakhove. Also, the Kursk operation. We appreciate that our partners are now implementing the announced support packages. They are implementing them quite timely. And it is important that the scale of what is announced aligns with our agreements and objective needs. We need a new impetus for defense supplies. And in December, we must make it happen. I want to thank everyone who stands with us, who stands with Ukraine! Thank you! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine