14 captures 18 Jan 2023 - 17 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230202105241/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-prezentuvala-ukrayinsku-formulu-miru-na-vsesv-80445 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Justice will be ensured - address by the President of Ukraine 1 February 2023 - 22:58 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 2 February 2023 - 11:46 Justice will be ensured - address by the President of Ukraine 1 February 2023 - 22:56 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Italy 1 February 2023 - 20:44 Austria is a neutral state, yet it helps Ukraine as a defender of life and common values - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following a meeting with Alexander Van der Bellen 1 February 2023 - 18:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Austria in Kyiv 1 February 2023 - 16:09 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula at the World Economic Forum in Davos 17 January 2023 - 23:22 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of the plenary session at the Congress Center of the World Economic Forum (WEF), which started in Davos, Switzerland. For the first time in the history of the forum, the wife of the leader of the state spoke at it. The President's wife presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which Volodymyr Zelenskyy had previously presented to the G19 leaders. The formula contains ten specific points - from nuclear safety to the restoration of the territorial integrity of our state, from energy security to the return of all prisoners of war and deportees held in Russia. Olena Zelenska noted that she presented the Peace Formula primarily in the humanitarian, human dimension and spoke about those Ukrainians who need the implementation of its points as soon as possible. "Peace in our understanding is not equal to a truce. For our people who are now scattered around the world to be able to return home. For fathers, sons and daughters to return from the front. For the families that were separated by the war to reunite. Unity is what brings peace," the First Lady said in the address. In addition, Olena Zelenska held a series of meetings on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum. Particularly, the President’s wife thanked President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen for her personal attention to Ukraine and the assistance provided by the Commission for the restoration of Ukrainian schools. In the course of the meeting, the parties have also discussed ways to support the development of family upbringing in Ukraine. "According to Ukraine's commitments to join the EU, we must completely get rid of classical orphanages with educators and directors, giving all children the opportunity to grow up in families. Thus, there should be more foster and patronage families, as well as family-type orphanages," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The First Lady noted the necessity of financial support from the EU for the development of a systematic approach to the abandonment of institutional upbringing of children and the development of family forms, promotion of national adoption. The EU-funded project office could become an instrument and engine of this process. "I offer the whole world to join this. Because it is hard to imagine a more worthy goal than home and family for every child," the President's wife noted. Olena Zelenska also held meetings with the leaders of the Swiss Confederation: President of Switzerland Alain Berset and Head of the Department of Foreign Affairs of Switzerland Ignazio Cassis. With the President of the Swiss Confederation she discussed the assistance provided by his country to the Ukrainian IDPs, thanked for it and for supporting the EU policy on sanctions against Russia: Russian assets worth 7.5 billion Swiss francs are now blocked in the country. During a conversation with Ignazio Cassis, Olena Zelenska congratulated Switzerland on its first non-permanent membership in the UN Security Council. She expressed hope that the two-year stay of friendly Switzerland in the Security Council would contribute to the support of our state. The parties also discussed the participation and leadership of the Swiss Confederation in the restoration of Ukraine. The First Lady expressed confidence that the Ukrainian-Swiss cooperation would further develop. In addition, the First Lady met with Prince Alois of Liechtenstein. It is Liechtenstein that supports Ukrainian projects on registering war crimes of the Russians and allocated 450 thousand Swiss francs for this purpose. "To help Ukraine punish Russian crimes - the Principality of Liechtenstein is already doing it. Today, I was able to personally thank for the commitment of the Principality of Liechtenstein to international law, including its active position in the UN General Assembly on the establishment of a Special Tribunal to bring to justice those responsible for these crimes. We will be grateful for further promotion of this initiative," Olena Zelenska said. During the Ukraine is You panel discussion at Ukraine House Davos, the President's wife answered one of the most frequently asked questions about "fatigue from Ukraine" and how to encourage and inspire donors to support our country. "Ukraine is now fighting physically, but the world is also fighting morally. We all need this victory. If the whole world is tired and you can take a pause, imagine what will happen if Ukrainians get tired. We are also tired both morally and physically. We have no right to stop and we hope that you will also feel this emotion. The whole civilized world has already helped so much that stopping would mean that all previous assistance was in vain. You cannot stop extinguishing a fire when half of the building is burning. You cannot stop in the middle. It is either all or nothing," the First Lady concluded. Before the discussion, Olena Zelenska visited the Ukraine is You exhibition featuring video works about Russian war crimes and documentary footage from the recently liberated Kherson. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Switzerland 19 January 2023 - 20:34 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Switzerland 19 January 2023 - 20:34 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine