1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033121/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=80 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights published a report on Russia's violation of the rights of Ukrainian children and their forced deportation 5 May 2023 - 17:44 The report was prepared by an independent mission of experts from the OSCE Human Dimension Mechanism, which was used for the third time at the initiative of Ukraine and 45 other OSCE member states. Two more areas added to United24: "Education and Science" and "Demining" – Volodymyr Zelenskyy speaking at United24 Summit 5 May 2023 - 17:41 In our first year at United24, we focused on three areas. Defense and demining is the first. The second is Medical Aid. And the third is Rebuilding. Over the year, the United24 fundraising platform raised more than $325 million in contributions 5 May 2023 - 16:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up the results of the year of operation of the United24 fundraising platform, which was launched on May 5, 2022. During this time, the NBU has received more than USD 325 million in contributions from international companies, Ukrainian businesses, charitable organizations, world celebrities, and donors from 110 countries. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Bahrain 5 May 2023 - 13:27 The President thanked the Kingdom of Bahrain for its unwavering support of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine amid countering full-scale Russian aggression, which was repeatedly demonstrated in the course of voting for the relevant resolutions of the UN General Assembly. Olena Zelenska arrives at the coronation ceremony of His Majesty Charles III 4 May 2023 - 23:03 Olena Zelenska visited 10 Downing Street at the invitation of Akshata Murthy, the wife of the British Prime Minister. After the meeting, the First Lady of Ukraine and Akshata Murthy visited the British Library together. At the Dutch Air Force base, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Ukrainian military and observed the samples of weapons being transferred to Ukraine 4 May 2023 - 20:57 According to the Head of State, the weapons from this base, which help Ukrainian defenders, will protect the normal, free life of Ukrainians and all Europeans based on respect. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Our task today is to provide the army with weapons, the second aspect is NATO and European integration 4 May 2023 - 19:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the main purpose of his foreign visits, in particular to the Netherlands and Finland, is to ensure the prompt provision of the necessary weapons to the Ukrainian army to repel Russian aggression and liberate all Ukrainian lands. Ukraine – the Netherlands Declaration on accountability for Ukraine 4 May 2023 - 18:51 We, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime-Minister Mark Rutte, have come together in The Hague on the 4th of May, the day the Kingdom of the Netherlands commemorates its victims during the Second World War or anywhere else in the world in situations of war or during peacekeeping operations since then. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the King of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 17:59 The Head of State expressed gratitude to His Majesty for the comprehensive support of the Netherlands for Ukraine in the defense of our freedom and independence. President: Ukraine stands against hybrid formats of tribunal for Russian crime of aggression 4 May 2023 - 17:04 Ukraine continues to work on the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression, and any hybrid formats of such a tribunal are unacceptable. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives in The Hague. 1 2 ... 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine