1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050506/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=15 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Foreign intelligence plays an important role in countering threats - President of Ukraine 24 January 2022 - 12:11 Ukrainian intelligence has always played an important role in countering external threats. It is time not only to effectively restrain, but also to start offensive actions to defend the national interests of Ukraine. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with FIS officials on the occasion of Ukraine's Foreign Intelligence Day. In the presence of the President, traffic on the upper part of the new cable-stayed bridge across the Dnieper in Zaporizhzhia was launched 22 January 2022 - 16:26 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the launch of traffic on the upper part of the new cable-stayed bridge across the Dnieper River, which connects the island of Khortytsia with the center of Zaporizhzhia. In Zaporizhzhia, the Head of State joined the Living Chain flash mob on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine 22 January 2022 - 15:09 In Zaporizhzhia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Living Chain flash mob on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine. More than 1,500 people holding ribbons connected the banks of the Dnieper River through a newly built cable-stayed bridge, which symbolizes the unity of the Ukrainian state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is on a working trip to Zaporizhzhia 22 January 2022 - 13:01 In Zaporizhzhia, the Head of State will take part in ceremonial events on the occasion of the Day of Unity of Ukraine. On the Day of Unity, the President of Ukraine took part in honoring the memory of Mykhailo Hrushevsky 22 January 2022 - 10:19 "The proclamation of the Act Zluky is an important page in the annals of statehood, and now, more than a century later, we understand that the unity of Ukraine is not only about history, it is about our present and future," said the President. President of Ukraine discussed with the President of the European Commission the development of the security situation around Ukraine and energy security issues 21 January 2022 - 21:23 The Head of State informed his interlocutor about the development of the security situation along Ukraine's borders. The leaders agreed on the need to continue a joint coordinated effort to prevent the conflict from escalating. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Redrawing of borders and occupation of territories is not a conflict between Ukraine and Russia, but a global problem 21 January 2022 - 14:06 "We all live on this Earth. This is about values. There are rules that may help us survive in this world. You can’t capture someone’s territory, and you can’t invade," the President of Ukraine stressed. Ukraine is interested in dialogue with Russia, not in war - Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview to The Washington Post 21 January 2022 - 13:35 The United States could help Ukraine find a format for talks with Russia on peace in Donbas. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview to The Washington Post. President in an interview to The Washington Post: The hybrid war against Ukraine is being waged in various directions, and it must be counteracted no less than military aggression 21 January 2022 - 13:19 Today, Ukraine has not only to deter Russian aggression on its borders, but also to protect its digital space from cyber attacks. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview to The Washington Post. President of Ukraine gave an interview to The Washington Post 21 January 2022 - 10:54 During the conversation with the journalist, the President answered questions about the security situation around Ukraine and Europe, the consequences of recent cyberattacks, countering hybrid threats, including Nord Stream 2, the likelihood of escalation of Russia's armed aggression against Ukraine etc. 1 2 ... 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine