11 captures 12 Apr 2024 - 09 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240412080658/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kritichno-vazhlivo-shob-kozhen-iz-partneriv-vikonav-obicyane-90245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Serial production and new models of missiles: our "defence industry" has the necessary results – address of the President of Ukraine 10 April 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and Canada Held a Regular Meeting of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children Involving 35 Countries Already 11 April 2024 - 20:30 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It Is Critically Important That Each Partner Deliver on Its Promises Regarding the Supply of Weapons and Ammunition 11 April 2024 - 20:17 Leaders of Ukraine and Hungary Discussed Preparations for the Global Peace Summit 11 April 2024 - 19:27 During the Three Seas Summit, President of Ukraine Spoke About Russian Shelling of Ukrainian Energy Sector 11 April 2024 - 19:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It Is Critically Important That Each Partner Deliver on Its Promises Regarding the Supply of Weapons and Ammunition 11 April 2024 - 20:17 This year, we need to focus all our joint potential on protecting both Ukraine and the independence of every nation that borders Russia. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference following the Three Seas Summit. The Head of State noted that he had told all the participants of the summit about Putin's plans for the frontline this year. "It is critically important that each partner deliver on its promises regarding the supply of weapons and ammunition, as well as our agreements on co-production. Every day Russian missiles strike, and every day the number of promises increases. Every day, Ukrainian soldiers on the frontline endure the brutal pressure of Russian artillery and guided bombs. The reality must finally start to match the words," he emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the number one priority is to bolster Ukraine's air defense. "We urgently need to protect Kharkiv, Odesa, Mykolaiv, Zaporizhzhia and all our other cities from Russian attacks. I am grateful to every leader who hears us and is ready to facilitate communication with other partners so that Ukraine finally receives air defense systems that can help us. The world has them and they must safeguard lives," the Head of State emphasized. The President noted that today there are challenges due to the delay in U.S. assistance, increased mobilization in the Russian Federation, and the supply of Iranian "Shahed" drones and North Korean artillery shells and missiles to the aggressor. He reminded that at the beginning of the war, Ukraine did not have modern Western weapons, there was a shortage of 155 mm caliber shells, and now our country has already established its own production. "We didn't have long-range drones, and today our drones can fly over a thousand kilometers. We did not have modern electronic warfare systems, and today Ukraine produces hundreds of them. But this is still not enough, as Russia attacks absolutely everything. Therefore, we need help in all these areas," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine