3 captures 12 Nov 2024 - 13 Jun 2025 Oct NOV Dec 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241112155902/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=167 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Further Our Missiles and Drones Can Hit, the Less Real Combat Capability Russia Will Have – Address by the President 11 November 2024 - 19:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with American actor and director Sean Penn 28 June 2022 - 16:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with American actor, film director, screenwriter and producer, Oscar winner Sean Penn who arrived in our country to shoot a documentary. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Constitution Day of Ukraine 28 June 2022 - 09:02 Our resistance has lasted for 125 days already. For the world it is the eighth miracle, for the enemy it is the ninth wave, and for us it is the seventeenth article of the Constitution of Ukraine. The defense of Ukraine is the most important function of the state and the matter of the entire Ukrainian people. Russia has become the largest terrorist organization in the world, and this must be a legal fact - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2022 - 22:39 This morning, I appealed to the United States to recognize Russia as a state that sponsors terrorism. The relevant resolution is approved by the US Senate Committee, and the legal decision can be adopted by the Department of State. And such a decision is clearly needed, and it must be supported by the entire democratic world. Ukraine will respond accordingly to threats from Transnistria - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 June 2022 - 18:53 Any actions in the temporarily occupied territory of Moldova - in Transnistria, which will threaten Ukraine, will receive an appropriate response, however, destabilization in this region should be avoided. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with Moldovan President Maia Sandu in Kyiv. President of Ukraine met with the President of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 18:33 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Moldova should strengthen cooperation in the humanitarian sphere, economy, energy, politics, cross-border cooperation, as well as cooperation in the security sphere, which is now a priority. In an interview with the German newspaper Die Welt, Olena Zelenska stressed the importance of restoring children's faith in the world and life 27 June 2022 - 17:43 "I definitely do not want Ukrainian children to be traumatized for life. We must restore their faith in the world that is open to them," said the President's wife in an interview published in Sunday's issue of the newspaper Welt am Sonntag. President of Ukraine met with the Ranking Member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 27 June 2022 - 14:44 The President noted the importance of the US Senator's visit at this difficult time for our country and stressed that bicameral and bipartisan support for Ukraine is vital today. Volodymyr Zelenskyy outlined the main directions of cooperation between Ukraine and the G7 during the online participation in the Summit of G7 leaders 27 June 2022 - 14:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the G7 Summit in Germany in a video conference format. Ukraine needs a powerful modern air defense, we talk about this with partners everyday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 June 2022 - 22:47 Delays in the transfer of weapons to our state, any restrictions are actually an invitation for Russia to strike again and again. The occupiers - these terrorists - must be beaten with all our might so that they do not think they can put pressure and outplay someone. No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:45 If there are more than 20 thousand of those whose feat has already been awarded, what kind of missiles can anyone in Russia hope for? What artillery, what mines can help the occupiers, if they are really opposed by mass people’s resistance? 1 2 ... 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine