74 captures 05 Apr 2022 - 15 Feb 2026 Apr MAY Jun 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230518153849/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavi-pitannya-bezpeki-maye-buti-na-per-74113 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We need more consolidation of the world to put pressure on Russia, more strength for our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 17 May 2023 - 22:37 View all videos n latest news President at the meeting with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people: Ukraine is doing everything possible for the liberation of Crimea and victory over the Russian aggressor 18 May 2023 - 15:51 The Office of the President held a briefing on the current security situation in Ukraine for the Chinese delegation headed by the Special Representative of the Chinese Government 18 May 2023 - 11:04 We need more consolidation of the world to put pressure on Russia, more strength for our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 17 May 2023 - 22:30 Olena Zelenska: Justice is needed not only for Ukraine, but also for all countries that want to live in peace 17 May 2023 - 18:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people 18 May 2023 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events For the Ukrainian state, the issue of security should be in the first place for the next ten years - the President 5 April 2022 - 15:56 Even if Ukraine signs the most powerful security agreement, Russia may return. Therefore, it is necessary to build a state that will be able to defend itself. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview to the Ukrainian media. The Head of State noted that all the points on security guarantees voiced after the talks in Istanbul remain unchanged. According to him, during the negotiation process, the Ukrainian side, along with the so-called denazification, rejected Russia's demand for demilitarization. "We explained that the army must be in line with the army we have, which is able to defend our state. Then there are the details," the President said. "Even if we sign the most powerful agreement, we understand that in two years Russia may return. And if you and I accept this, then we act accordingly," the President said. In view of this, Ukraine will build a state that will be able to defend itself, as the Ukrainian side openly states at the talks. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed his conviction that Ukraine cannot fight constantly while other countries develop. That is why our state needs concrete security guarantees. According to the President, everything depends on the guarantor countries, which must ensure the implementation of certain points. "All this is being discussed at the level of advisers and leaders with France, the United States, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Poland, Italy, Israel, and there are many friends who want to join. So far, we have not received a specific list of guarantees and a list of countries that are ready to join us 100%," the President said. "We do not need to have 40 countries of the world that are ready to join and fight for Ukraine under the agreement. We need serious players who are ready for anything. We need a circle of states that are ready to provide any weapons within 24 hours. We need individual countries on which sanctions policy really depends, so that these sanctions are deeply elaborated in advance. So that in the first second when we feel the threat from the Russian Federation, these states will unite and within three days introduce everything at once, block everything," Volodymyr Zelenskyy explained. According to him, representatives of some countries have already expressed a desire to become guarantors of security, but no joint meeting has taken place yet. "They said they were ready to meet and talk about it. But I would like to emphasize once again that this meeting has not yet taken place in Ukraine. We are waiting for it. If this happens, there will be an understanding that we have certain security guarantees that provide for non-alignment," the President said. "So far, all of these guarantors are positive about Ukraine. But this is not enough. We already had such agreements and "papers",” he added. As for joining NATO, according to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine is ready to join the Alliance "already tomorrow", even if Russia opposes it. "If we are offered to join NATO tomorrow, if they don’t play with our lives again, but seriously offer, we will join. But this will not happen, unfortunately, and did not happen. That is why we will build those security guarantees that can protect us, protect people's lives. We can protect ourselves anyway - we already understand that. But protecting all people is a more difficult task," he said. The President said that he would consider the preservation of Ukraine's sovereignty to be the first victory in this war. "Second, I really want us not to lose hundreds of thousands of people. Third, there can be no discussion that we will allow someone to call Crimea someone's territory. This is our territory, Ukrainian territory. Postponing this issue is a compromise. And Donbas for me is Ukraine. And the fact that Russia has recognized ORDLO as something - we must find a way out of this situation. We, as Ukraine. Preserving the status of these territories as Ukrainian is very important for us," the Head of State said. In his opinion, the withdrawal of Russian troops to the positions of February 23, 2022 will be a victory. "I understand where we are, who we are, what kind of country we are, what we have lost, what we can lose and what we have saved. I believe that repelling the full-scale war to the point where it began on February 24, 2022 is definitely a victory for us," said the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that after the end of this war, the issue of security should be number one in Ukraine. "I think all our people will be our great army. We cannot talk about "Switzerland of the future" - probably, our state will be able to be like this a long time after. But we will definitely become a "big Israel" with its own face. We will not be surprised that we will have representatives of the Armed Forces or the National Guard in all institutions, supermarkets, cinemas, there will be people with weapons. I am sure that our security issue will be number one in the next ten years," the President said. ph Meeting of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with representatives of the Ukrainian media 5 April 2022 - 12:36 ph Meeting of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with representatives of the Ukrainian media 5 April 2022 - 12:36 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine