5 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013239/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-kerivnikami-diplomatichnih-predsta-83981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with heads of G7, G19, Denmark, UN diplomatic missions 1 July 2023 - 12:42 On the instructions of the Head of the Ukrainian State, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, G19, Denmark and the UN regarding the return of Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia and the implementation of the points of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. The meeting took place at the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights opened with the participation of President Zelenskyy shortly before Children's Day. Commissioner for Human Rights of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Dmytro Lubinets briefed the diplomats on the crimes committed by Russia against Ukrainian children. Among the most severe are deportation, forced deprivation of Ukrainian citizenship, participation in propaganda actions, militarization, sexual violence, etc. As of today, due to Russian aggression, 494 children have died, more than a thousand have been injured, and tens of thousands of children have been deported, of which only 378 young Ukrainian citizens have been returned. The head of the President's Office said that the meeting with foreign diplomats took place at the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights because it is dedicated to the problem of illegal deportation of minor citizens of Ukraine, whose return is a priority for our state. He reminded that releasing all prisoners and deportees is the 4th point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. At the same time, Yermak said that today, there is an urgent need to implement other Formula points, in particular, those related to nuclear, food, energy security, etc. "President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is a universal mechanism, the implementation of which will make it possible to achieve a stable and just peace in Ukraine, as well as to create the foundations for security throughout the world based on the principles of international law and the UN Charter," the head of the Office of the President said. That is why Ukraine calls on representatives of various countries to implement the points of the Peace Formula and participate in the Global Peace Summit, he added. Yermak informed the diplomats about the work already being carried out to implement the Formula points. He spoke about the details of the meeting of national security and political advisors of the Ukraine-G7-Global South leaders (Copenhagen format), which was recently held in the capital of Denmark. At the meeting, consultations on the key principles for peace were held. The head of the President's Office separately thanked the representatives of those countries that took part in them and highly appreciated the efforts of the Danish government in organizing the event. Considering the large number of states that expressed their desire to participate in peace consultations, it was decided not only to continue contacts, but also to expand the format, holding regular meetings-consultations with the ambassadors of interested countries on the successful implementation of each point of Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. "You know what could happen in Zaporizhzhia. It is of great concern to everyone in the world, and only together can we ensure nuclear and radiation safety in Europe. The same is true in global food security. We know our African partners are ready to actively join Ukrainian initiatives. Their implementation will be important for everyone," Yermak said. The interlocutors emphasized the importance of achieving sustainable and effective peace in Ukraine based on respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state within internationally recognized borders and agreed to continue the multilateral, regular dialogue on the principles of peace. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine