12 captures 21 May 2023 - 04 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230521171842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-muzej-miru-v-hirosimi-ta-poklav-kvit-83077 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone in the world must do everything possible to ensure that wars leave only shadows on the stones of history – address by the President of Ukraine to the people of Japan 21 May 2023 - 16:15 View all videos n latest news The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 is the first step towards even more powerful defense of our skies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2023 - 16:18 Everyone in the world must do everything possible to ensure that wars leave only shadows on the stones of history – address by the President of Ukraine to the people of Japan 21 May 2023 - 16:03 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida 21 May 2023 - 15:13 President visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum and laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing 21 May 2023 - 13:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum and laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing 21 May 2023 - 13:53 ﻿﻿During a working visit to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum. The Head of State watched the museum's exhibitions and left a note in the book of honored guests. The museum was created by the city to tell people about the tragedy of the bombing of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. It opened in 1950. The museum collects the belongings of the dead and other evidence of the atomic explosion, and visitors are told about the events related to the bombing of the city. In the eastern wing of the museum, there are exhibitions showing Hiroshima before and after the explosion, telling about the course of the war and the circumstances that led to the bombing, as well as about the efforts of the residents to completely eliminate nuclear weapons. In addition, the President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of the atomic bombing. The memory of the victims was honored with a moment of silence. The leaders watched the memorial and learned about its history. The memorial is made in the form of a stone arch in the style of ancient Japanese haniwa clay figures. It contains a symbolic tombstone and a list of all the people who died as a result of the atomic explosion on August 6, 1945. The words "Rest in peace! We will not repeat this mistake!" are inscribed on the memorial. ph The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 ph The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine