7 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 08 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202141340/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak and Members of the US House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence discussed further support for Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation 20 September 2022 - 23:42 The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine not only repelled the onslaught of the aggressor, but also began to conduct successful counteroffensive operations, which made it possible to liberate almost 8.5 thousand square kilometers of Ukrainian territory in the east of the country. In order to defeat the aggressor, it is very important that the US remain a leader in supporting Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during The Clinton Global Initiative 20 September 2022 - 23:05 During a conversation with the 42nd US President Bill Clinton, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the United States of America is an indicator of democracy for the entire civilized world, to which other countries are compared. Therefore, it is important that they remain leaders in supporting Ukraine and exerting pressure on Russia. Andriy Yermak had a conversation with Jake Sullivan 20 September 2022 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak informed the American side of the situation at the front, as well as the measures taken to ensure security in the de-occupied territories and return normal life there. The parties also discussed continuing security assistance for the Ukrainian army. President during a video meeting with the leadership of Goldman Sachs: Support Ukraine's economy now, and you will win in the future 20 September 2022 - 19:59 As Ukraine demonstrates resilience on the battlefield in the fight against the Russian aggressor, representatives of global business should demonstrate resilience in supporting the Ukrainian economy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting in the format of a video conference with members of the Management Committee of one of the largest investment companies in the United States and the world, Goldman Sachs. The pace of providing aid to Ukraine by partners should correspond to the pace of our movement - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 September 2022 - 20:05 The pace is very important now. The pace of stabilization in the liberated areas. The pace of movement of our troops. The pace of restoration of normal life in the liberated territory. And the pace of support from partners. On Monday, the President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 19 September 2022 - 12:08 The participants of the meeting listened to the reports of the commanders of the operative areas regarding the situation on the frontline and considered in detail the action plan of the defense forces regarding the further deoccupation of the Ukrainian territories. In addition, issues of ensuring security at the state border of Ukraine were considered. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and CEO of BlackRock discussed how to drive investments into Ukraine 19 September 2022 - 11:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Chairman and CEO of BlackRock, the world's largest investment manager, Larry Fink discussed the possibilities of driving public and private investments into Ukraine. Perhaps it seems to someone that after a series of victories we have a certain lull, but this is preparation - address by the President of Ukraine 18 September 2022 - 21:30 Izyum, Balakliya, Kupyansk and the Kharkiv region in general are the cities and communities that we have liberated. These words are heard now. Heard everywhere. Mariupol, Melitopol and Kherson are also heard, but they will sound even more often and louder when we liberate them. Donetsk, Horlivka and Luhansk - they will be heard as well. Dzhankoy, Yevpatoriya, Yalta - and they will, too. Definitely. Because Ukraine must be free - the whole of it. We will identify all those who brought atrocities from Russia to Ukrainian land – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 September 2022 - 21:44 Exhumation work continued today in Izium, Kharkiv region, at the site of the mass burial that had been found. Examinations of the bodies are being conducted. New evidence of the torture used against the people buried there has been found. Russia repeats in Izium what it did in Bucha, world must react to it – address of President of Ukraine 16 September 2022 - 22:38 Exhumation of bodies continues at a mass burial site near Izium. As of now, more than 440 graves have been found. It is too early to say about the number of people buried there, investigations are ongoing. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine