1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041642/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Armed Forces of Ukraine are doing everything to liberate all our cities and our people - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2022 - 22:46 I am grateful to all our defenders who are holding the line and demonstrating truly superhuman strength to drive out the army of invaders. Once the second most powerful army in the world. The Armed Forces of Ukraine are doing everything to liberate our land and our people. Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Malta 10 May 2022 - 19:12 The aggressor must receive the greatest damage from aggression. So we need to act now, we need to act fast. An embargo on Russian oil, oil blends and petroleum products is a necessary condition for ending the Russian invasion of Ukraine. President of Ukraine met with the Foreign Ministers of the Netherlands and Germany 10 May 2022 - 19:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs of Germany Annalena Baerbock and Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands Wopke Hoekstra who are on a visit to our country. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with President of the World Economic Forum Børge Brende 10 May 2022 - 18:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with President of the World Economic Forum (WEF) Børge Brende. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the National Council of the Slovak Republic 10 May 2022 - 15:19 We greatly appreciate your defense support. And your determination in this support, which proves that you realize that freedom without force is just a fantasy and nothing more. It would be good if some other countries in Europe and the world learn this from you. We appreciate your solidarity with Ukraine at the level of the European Union. Yermak-McFaul's expert group has developed a roadmap for energy sanctions 10 May 2022 - 10:51 Following the presentation of the Action Plan on tightening sanctions on Russia, an international expert group continued its work and prepared a document detailing energy sanctions, helping governments and companies around the world formulate proposals for sanctions on Russia. Russia is the only culprit that peace has been destroyed, and this is its historical responsibility - address by the President of Ukraine 9 May 2022 - 23:56 In European capitals, the main topic is the price of peace that will have to be paid to stop the war unleashed by Russia. And also the price for Russia for bringing the evil of total war of destruction of our people to Europe again. I'm sure this is also the main topic in Moscow now. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe 9 May 2022 - 19:11 The President noted the rapid and effective response of the Council of Europe to Russia's aggression against Ukraine. Obtaining Ukraine's EU membership candidate status is of great importance for the Ukrainian people - President during a conversation with Ursula von der Leyen 9 May 2022 - 15:46 During the conversation, the President announced the transfer of the second part of the completed questionnaire to obtain the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. President of Ukraine discussed with the President of the European Council support for Ukraine during the war 9 May 2022 - 15:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with President of the European Council Charles Michel who visited Odesa. The meeting was also attended by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine