17 captures 20 Nov 2024 - 11 Feb 2026 Oct NOV Dec 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241120003936/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/daniya-nadast-ukrayini-130-mln-yevro-na-rozvitok-oboronnoyi-94521 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Strength of Our Entire Ukrainian Army Is the People Who Serve Faithfully and Steadfastly – Address by the President 18 November 2024 - 17:51 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Amid Russian Destruction, Restoring a Normal and Dignified Life for People Is Both Humane and Wise 19 November 2024 - 21:16 To Build Resilience Against Climate Change, It Is Necessary to Protect Against Barbarity of Putin’s Regime – Andriy Yermak at COP29 Event 19 November 2024 - 20:33 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mette Frederiksen Visited Wounded Ukrainian Warriors 19 November 2024 - 19:44 Denmark Will Provide Ukraine with EUR 130 Million to Develop Its Defense Industry 19 November 2024 - 18:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Meets with the Prime Minister of Denmark in Kyiv 19 November 2024 - 17:27 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Denmark Will Provide Ukraine with EUR 130 Million to Develop Its Defense Industry 19 November 2024 - 18:44 New financial assistance from Denmark for EUR 130 million will help develop the production of Ukrainian missiles and drones. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following his meeting with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, who came to Ukraine on a visit. The Head of State thanked Denmark, all Danish people and personally Mette Frederiksen and her team for helping Ukraine. In total, Denmark has already provided more than 20 defense assistance packages and, together with Ukraine, has created a special model enabling the development of Ukraine's industry. “It allows us to unite other countries to invest in weapons production in Ukraine. These are artillery, our “Bohdanas,” as well as missiles and long-range drones. We will continue to develop such cooperation,” the President noted. One of the main topics of the talks was the key aspects of relations: bilateral and partnerships. Special attention was paid to joint efforts at the European institutional level, as Denmark will hold the EU Presidency in the second half of next year. “Our Ukrainian policy is to integrate into Europe as quickly as possible. And ultimately, everyone in the Euro-Atlantic community has to recognize that we must move quickly. And every day, of course, decisions are needed for Ukraine. The whole Alliance has to decide on an invitation to Ukraine. The sooner this happens, the sooner Russia will realize, come to an understanding and decide that the war against Ukraine does not and will not make sense for them,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Additionally, the President stressed the need for the world to put pressure on Russia's shadow tanker fleet and respond to North Korean troops' involvement in Russia's war against Ukraine. Mette Frederiksen stated that Ukraine must prevail in this war, which is why Denmark has provided and will continue to provide assistance and support to the defense industry. “We have already seen what your defense industry is capable of. We understand that these investments have a real impact on the battlefield,” the Danish Prime Minister said. She added that the outcome of this war will determine the future not only of Ukraine but also of Europe. “You belong to our Euro-Atlantic family, you belong to the NATO and EU area, and we will support you in your next steps during the Danish EU Presidency, where the main priority will be EU enlargement,” Mette Frederiksen concluded. v Videos ph President Meets with the Prime Minister of Denmark in Kyiv 19 November 2024 - 17:27 ph President Meets with the Prime Minister of Denmark in Kyiv 19 November 2024 - 17:27 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine