10 captures 14 Nov 2023 - 11 May 2025 Oct NOV Dec 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231114233852/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-nash-voyin-yakij-trimaye-poziciyi-pid-avdiyivkoyu-zas-87017 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:19 Roman Mashovets met with the leadership of the American medical corporation Northwell Health 14 November 2023 - 21:25 In the United States, Andriy Yermak met with leading American experts and opinion leaders 14 November 2023 - 20:05 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Deputy Director General of the National Security Council of the Republic of the Philippines 14 November 2023 - 14:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. 13 November 2023 - 10:13 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Each of our warriors holding positions near Avdiivka deserves our utmost gratitude – address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2023 - 22:19 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A report for this day. First of all, our warriors. Today, the intelligence service, the Commander-in-Chief, the Security Service of Ukraine, and the Minister of Defense reported on the conference call. The overall situation at the front, particular directions. Ammunition, equipment – everything for the front. Avdiivka, Kupyansk, Bakhmut. Also the southern directions. Russian assaults are very intense, especially in Donetsk region. We have to realize that Putin has a very cynical and specific political goal right now, and he is willing to kill as many of his people as he needs to because he wants to show at least some tactical results in the first half of December. That's when he plans to announce his elections. Russia is already losing soldiers and equipment near Avdiivka faster and on a larger scale than, for example, near Bakhmut. It is extremely difficult to withstand this onslaught. And each of our warriors holding the positions, each of our warriors performing combat missions there deserves our utmost gratitude. They are true heroes! The more Russian forces are destroyed near Avdiivka now, the worse the overall situation and the overall course of this war will be for the enemy. I would like to particularly recognize the warriors of the 53rd and 110th separate mechanized brigades and the artillerymen of the 55th separate artillery brigade. All of them are fighting in the Avdiivka sector and have provided Ukraine with the best results these days. Thank you, warriors! I would also like to recognize the brigades fighting in other areas that deserve our gratitude. This is the 57th separate motorized infantry brigade, whose warriors are defending the Kupyansk direction. They are very powerful. Thank you! My gratitude also goes to the 68th separate jaeger brigade in the Lyman sector. Well done, guys! And, of course, the Bakhmut sector. The artillery of the 26th brigade, the 92nd separate assault brigade and the 30th separate mechanized brigade. I thank you all, warriors! We continue to work with our partners, especially in the United States, to ensure that support for Ukraine is maintained at the level that is needed now. I am grateful to our partners for their understanding of Ukraine's needs. These days, the Ukrainian delegation is in Washington. First Deputy Prime Minister Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office Andriy Yermak, representatives of the Ministry of Justice and our teams are advocating, among other things, for stronger sanctions against Russia and the use of Russia's frozen assets to support our country. Important meetings took place: the U.S. Secretary of State and his team, national security advisors to the President of the United States and the leaders of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, representatives of American civil society, and heads of international financial and development institutions. We are preparing for the next year. It will not be easy. We are aware of this. But we are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine's position remains solid. And in the coming weeks, respective work with European and other partners is planned. A few more things. Today, I will highlight the work of our entire team and those who helped to rescue Ukrainian citizens from the Gaza Strip. This is a very, very complex, sensitive, multi-level operation. More than 200 people have been rescued. We are preparing the next groups for evacuation. I want to thank everyone. I thank the Egyptian and Israeli authorities, Ukrainian diplomats who are involved and effective, SkyUp, which has been very helpful, and I would also like to personally thank Rabbi Jonathan Markovitch. And, of course, the officers of the Main Intelligence Directorate, who are performing the relevant tasks on the ground and here in Ukraine. Thank you all very, very much! Ukraine's success in such operations once again demonstrates to the world how much our country values its citizens, wherever they are, and how effective our state institutions are. Today, I also held a meeting with international relations experts and government officials to prepare for the second summit of our globally important humanitarian initiative "Grain from Ukraine". Ukraine not only maintains its role as a guarantor of global food security. Our maritime exports through the new corridor have already reached almost 4 million tons of cargo. But we also remember that we can contribute to greater stability in the world by helping with food supplies to those in need. In particular, in Africa. We are uniting our partners around this humanitarian initiative. More news to come soon. And today I met with journalists from Africa - a large group... 11 countries of the continent, different parts of Africa, leading media. I thank you for your attention to Ukraine and I believe that the world majority will always be with Ukraine in its defense against aggression and in the defense of international law. Glory to everyone who fights for Ukraine, who saves human lives! Thank you to everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine