1 capture 02 Dec 2022 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202124217/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=06-10-2021&date-to=06-10-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 Andriy Yermak, on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and personally, expressed gratitude and sincere respect to the Ukrainian military for their courage, bravery and resilience. First Lady holds number of meetings during her visit to Republic of Turkey 2 October 2022 - 23:35 During a visit to the Republic of Türkiye, the wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, met with the First Lady of Türkiye Emine Erdoğan, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and took part in the launching ceremony of the Hetman Ivan Mazepa corvette, which is being built for our country. Ukraine was and will be one of the European centers of the military and aviation industry – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2022 - 23:03 In the presence of Olena, the first corvette for our country from those, which will be built by the Turkish side, was launched. It is corvette Hetman Ivan Mazepa. And there is no reason for our project to build a new fleet for Ukraine to fail. We will implement all the shaped plans. Head of Office of Ukraine's President meets with chief adviser to President of Türkiye, adviser to US President on national security issues 2 October 2022 - 22:36 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the National Security Advisor to the President of the USA 2 October 2022 - 22:27 Andriy Yermak highly appreciated the level of economic and defense support provided by the United States to Ukraine to counter full-scale Russian aggression. Head of Office of Ukraine's President meets with chief adviser to President of TTürkiye 2 October 2022 - 22:11 As part of his visit to Turkey, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with chief adviser to the President of the Republic of Türkiye İbrahim Kalın. Volodymyr Zelenskyy has phone talk with President of France 2 October 2022 - 18:22 Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of enhancing defense support for Ukraine from France and noted Emmanuel Macron's important personal role in this. We will ensure the systematic development of the Territorial Defense Forces, as the ability of people to defend themselves is the best foundation for national security - President 2 October 2022 - 16:55 On the Day of Territorial Defense of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Territorial Defense Forces of the Ukrainian Armed Forces and presented state awards to them. Andriy Yermak started his visit to Türkiye and met with the leadership of the Baykar company 2 October 2022 - 14:59 He visited the production facilities of the Baykar company, which produces Bayraktar unmanned aerial vehicles. The Head of the Presidential Office became the first foreign guest to visit the Baykar Research Center, witnessing its actual opening. During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:28 Ukraine will return its own. Both in the east and in the south. And what they tried to annex now, and Crimea, which has been called annexed since 2014. Our flag will be everywhere. There will be punishment for those who committed this crime of aggression against our independent state. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 152 153 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine