1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233342/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=74 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – In case Russia uses nuclear weapons, the world we live in now will no longer exist, there will be a completely different world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 November 2022 - 19:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that in case the Russian Federation uses nuclear weapons against Ukraine, the world will change forever, and it will have devastating consequences for Russia itself. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the President of Greece 3 November 2022 - 19:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of Greece Katerina Sakellaropoulou who is on a visit to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain 2 November 2022 - 20:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Union and Cooperation of Spain José Manuel Albares, who arrived on a visit to our country. American historian Timothy Snyder becomes an ambassador for the UNITED24 platform, launching the 'Shahed Hunter' fundraiser 2 November 2022 - 19:03 The Professor of History at Yale University, Timothy Snyder, has joined the team of the UNITED24 fundraising platform, initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He became the second ambassador after actor Mark Hamill who will focus his efforts on fundraising for Defence and Demining. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 2 November 2022 - 13:25 At the meeting, the parties discussed the course of reconstruction of critical infrastructure facilities, in particular in the energy sector, which were destroyed the day before as a result of the air attacks of the terrorist state. The work of the air defense forces of Ukraine, which stopped another attack by enemy kamikaze drones at night, was noted. President held a meeting on the results of the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform 1 November 2022 - 21:47 During the meeting, the parties discussed the model of reintegration, restoration and development of the Ukrainian Crimea, which should be ready for implementation as soon as the peninsula is freed from the temporary occupation. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of France 1 November 2022 - 19:06 The heads of state discussed the new wave of missile terror by Russia and the security situation on the frontline. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the European Commissioner for Energy 1 November 2022 - 17:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the European Commissioner about the consequences of Russia’s energy terrorism, which has already seriously damaged about 40% of the entire energy infrastructure of Ukraine, in particular thermal power plants, combined heat and power plants and hydroelectric power plants, as well as about the measures taken by our state to stabilize the work of the power grid. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 20:18 The Head of State noted the importance of this visit, as it is taking place at a time when Ukraine is facing Russian attacks on civil infrastructure, in particular on energy facilities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Petr Fiala signed the Joint Declaration on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic Perspective 31 October 2022 - 19:05 The document defines the priority areas of cooperation between Ukraine and the Czech Republic in the framework of our country's strategic course to acquire full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 1 2 ... 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine