6 captures 04 Dec 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231204165039/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/informaciya-maye-shodenno-buti-v-nashih-gromadyan-shob-voni-87073 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everyone should remember that the battle for the fate of Ukraine continues – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2023 - 20:21 View all videos n latest news Everyone should remember that the battle for the fate of Ukraine continues – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2023 - 20:18 Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan discussed preparations for the Ukrainian-U.S. conference of defense industries 3 December 2023 - 10:36 It is important that every week one can say, "I have contributed something of my own to the common defense" – address by the President of Ukraine 2 December 2023 - 21:01 Andriy Yermak spoke with Cardinal Matteo Zuppi, thanked him for returning illegally deported teenager to Ukraine 2 December 2023 - 15:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Day of Prosecutors 1 December 2023 - 16:38 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Information should be available to our citizens every day so that they clearly understand what is happening in Ukraine – President during the awarding ceremony on the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers 16 November 2023 - 18:53 On the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with media representatives and presented state awards. The Head of State noted that he was pleased to personally congratulate the media workers on their professional holiday, as he highly appreciates the work of each of them. "I have great respect for your work. For all war correspondents, journalists, anchors, cameramen, editors – all those who provide us with information from the front, all those who worked in the media and are now serving in the army. Those who help not to forget about Ukraine every day," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He emphasized that the existence of the Ukrainian information space is important both for people in the de-occupied territories who need to know that the Ukrainian state is mindful of them, and for residents of all other parts of Ukraine who should not forget about the daily fight of our people against the Russian invaders. "I want to thank you for giving us this information. It is like bread, and everyone should have it every day in order to live in reality and clearly understand what is happening: how difficult it is for us, where we are invincible, where there are questions and how we can still achieve recovery. The full restoration of our state, territory, and peace. Restoration of the world we believe in and build together, for which our soldiers are standing today," the President noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that in the context of a full-scale war, the work of media professionals in Ukraine is often dangerous. Many correspondents, cameramen, and fixers have been killed while performing their professional duties in places where intense hostilities were taking place. The participants observed a minute of silence in memory of all those who died as a result of Russian aggression in Ukraine. "Our task is to remember your colleagues who died because of the war. Ukraine will never forget them. Not just not to forget, but to remember, appreciate, and see it as part of our duties," the Head of State emphasized. The President awarded media workers with state awards for their significant personal contribution to the development of television, radio broadcasting and communications in Ukraine, courage and selflessness in the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity of the state, and loyalty to the Ukrainian people. In particular, ten media professionals received the Orders of Merit, III class, from the President, and two more who serve in the military were awarded medals "For Military Service to Ukraine." ph President takes part in events on the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers 16 November 2023 - 18:32 ph President takes part in events on the Day of Radio, Television and Communication Workers 16 November 2023 - 18:32 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine