1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032151/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=37 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In Odesa, the Head of State visited rehabilitation departments where defenders of Ukraine are undergoing rehabilitation treatment 27 July 2023 - 21:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the defenders who are undergoing rehabilitation in the institution, and wished them health and a speedy recovery. Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Secretary-General of the European External Action Service 27 July 2023 - 20:00 During the meeting, the parties discussed key issues on the agenda of cooperation between Ukraine and the EU, in particular, they reviewed Ukraine's further steps towards European integration and noted the progress made by our country in implementing seven recommendations of the European Commission. On the Day of Medical Worker, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited hospitals in Mykolaiv region 27 July 2023 - 18:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to medical workers and congratulated them on their professional holiday. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of India to Ukraine 27 July 2023 - 17:26 The interlocutors exchanged views on preparations for the next meeting at the level of national security advisors on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, as well as on the organization of the Global Peace Summit. President congratulated military medics who save lives of Ukrainian defenders in Dnipropetrovsk region 27 July 2023 - 11:08 During a working trip to Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a medical facility where Ukrainian defenders are undergoing treatment. Congratulations of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Day of Medical Workers of Ukraine 27 July 2023 - 09:01 I thank you, dear Ukrainian medics, for your professionalism, for your service, and for every life you have saved. For all these infinite worlds that are seen in the eyes of children, adults, soldiers, and civilians - all those whom you have saved. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States 26 July 2023 - 23:24 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine and the National Security Advisor to the President of the United States also continued consultations on long-term security commitments for Ukraine and discussed a process in which bilateral agreements with partner nations can be concluded in keeping with the framework of the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine adopted following the NATO Summit in Vilnius. It is very important that the audacity of this attack by Russian terrorists was destroyed - address by the President of Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 22:09 I am grateful to everyone who protects the Ukrainian sky. And we work every day to ensure that our warriors have more and more opportunities to defend Ukraine, our cities and people. Today is no exception. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 26 July 2023 - 20:58 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Director of the National Security Office under the President of Korea 26 July 2023 - 19:56 In order to coordinate the implementation of the agreements reached following the recent meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol in Kyiv, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a conversation with Director of the National Security Office under the President of the Republic of Korea Cho Tae-yong. 1 2 ... 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine