3 captures 20 Mar 2023 - 19 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230320183635/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kapelani-ce-geroyi-adzhe-pidtrimuyut-stijkist-duhu-nashih-za-81229 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 View all videos n latest news First ship with 30 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat arrived in Kenya as part of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian program 20 March 2023 - 17:05 The Ukrainian Center, established at the initiative of Olena Zelenska and Diana Nausėdienė, has been operating in Vilnius for over nine months now 20 March 2023 - 14:11 Expelling the occupier, clearing our land of traces of the evil state, punishing terrorists are our tasks that we will fulfill - address by the President of Ukraine 19 March 2023 - 20:57 When Ukraine defends itself, when the power of justice are restored on our land, it will guarantee peace for many other parts of the world as well – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2023 - 21:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Volunteer 14 March 2023 - 18:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State: Chaplains are heroes as they bolster the morale of our defenders 24 February 2023 - 13:17 On the anniversary of invincibility, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with chaplains who are currently serving in the Armed Forces and the National Guard of Ukraine. The meeting, held at the Kyiv Pechersk Lavra, was attended by military priests from churches that sent their representatives to the army. The Head of State emphasized the importance of the mission of chaplains who support the military who defend Ukraine on the battlefield. The military and their families trust the chaplains, have the opportunity to share their worries and find support. "I thank you for your service, for being with the soldiers during this year of full-scale war. You supported them spiritually, supported their families. I am glad that we have a relevant reform, a relevant law. But, in my opinion, the most important thing is that we have you," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hanna Maliar reminded that chaplaincy service in the Armed Forces of Ukraine was introduced at the legislative level in 2022. Since then, chaplains have been working with the military on the frontline, helping to strengthen their morale and resilience not only on a volunteer basis. The President expressed his belief that chaplains are the same heroes as military personnel, as they support warriors and help them maintain their morale. The chaplains, for their part, thanked the Head of State for supporting the introduction and development of their service in the Armed Forces. "Our goal is to lend a shoulder and be there for them. We are at the front to show that the people are with those who are fighting. And God will not leave them. This helps people and inspires them. And when morale is strong, a person makes a miracle. With God we will win," emphasized one of the military priests. Volodymyr Zelenskyy asked how he could help develop the chaplaincy service in the Armed Forces. The participants of the meeting discussed the importance of increasing the number of chaplains, the issue of regulating the verification of spiritual education, which is necessary for obtaining military ranks and enlistment in the army. At the end of the event, the President presented the military chaplains with state awards: the Order "For Courage" of the III degree, medals "For Military Service to Ukraine" and "To the Defender of the Homeland". ph Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 ph Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine