1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408183816/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-04-2021&date-to=08-04-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: “Denazification” and demilitarization of Ukraine is not discussed at all in talks with Russia 28 March 2022 - 00:22 The most important issues in the negotiations with Russia are security guarantees, neutrality and Ukraine’s nuclear-free status; "denazification" and demilitarization are not discussed at all, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Russian media. In Ukraine, a special award will be given to corporations that quickly and completely left Russia - Andriy Yermak 27 March 2022 - 22:36 "With great gratitude from the Ukrainian people at this turning point in our history. They deserve the respect of Ukrainians and people around the world. After all, indifference and silence are complicity," he stressed. Ukrainian servicemen in Mariupol are not ready to leave their wounded and dead brothers-in-arms in the city - President 27 March 2022 - 22:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the defenders of Mariupol had a choice to leave the city and save their lives, but they did not want to leave their wounded brothers-in-arms and the bodies of the dead there. The Head of State spoke about this in an interview for Russian media. After the Russian invasion, a global split between Ukrainians and Russians took place - President of Ukraine 27 March 2022 - 20:57 "I think this is the worst disappointment that has happened. Disappointment that turned into hatred of the nations. I have no answer as to how it can be returned, there is no answer as to whether it will ever return," the head of state said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is ready to exchange Russian prisoners of war, but it seems that the Russian side is not very interested in it 27 March 2022 - 20:34 The Ukrainian side is ready to exchange Russian prisoners of war for Ukrainian prisoners of war before the end of hostilities. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Russian media. Russia has failed to destabilize the political situation in Ukraine, so its armed aggression is unsuccessful - President 27 March 2022 - 20:28 "This destabilization was necessary in order to split the majority with strong regional governance. Chaos in the economy and instability of the political spirit in Ukraine would lead to escalation on the part of the Russian Federation," the President said. Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Ukraine is united in its desire to live freely, to live independently and for the sake of its own dreams, not other people's sick fantasies. Every day of our struggle for Ukraine, every manifestation of our resistance in all areas the occupiers have entered so far proves that Ukraine is a state full of life, which has historical roots and moral foundations throughout its territory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda held a video conference. The President of Ukraine thanked his Polish counterpart for sheltering Ukrainian refugees. Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 One of the key elements of the negotiations on ending the aggressive war launched by the Russian Federation on the territory of Ukraine is the creation of a system of clear and reliable security guarantees for our state. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview for the German media Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 In addition, the Head of State conferred the military rank of Brigadier General upon Colonels of the National Guard. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 109 110 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine