6 captures 27 Nov 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241127173837/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/danski-fondi-ta-kompaniyi-vizmut-uchast-u-vidbudovi-dityacho-94681 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:17 View all videos n latest news Danish Foundations and Companies Will Take Part in Rebuilding the Children’s Creative and Sports Center in Borodyanka and Constructing Homes for Large Foster Families 27 November 2024 - 12:18 Board Members of the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports Presented Their Achievements for the Year 26 November 2024 - 21:26 Nearly 200 Russian Drones Against Ukraine in One Day – That Is Nearly 200 Proofs That Russian Ambitions Are Utterly Detached from Any Ideas of Real Peace – Address by the President 26 November 2024 - 18:14 Olena Zelenska: The Resilience of One is the Resilience of Millions 26 November 2024 - 17:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State and the First Lady Honored the Memory of Holodomor Victims in Ukraine 23 November 2024 - 14:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Danish Foundations and Companies Will Take Part in Rebuilding the Children’s Creative and Sports Center in Borodyanka and Constructing Homes for Large Foster Families 27 November 2024 - 12:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and the team of the Olena Zelenska Foundation met with Denmark’s Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs Morten Bødskov during his visit to Kyiv. The First Lady expressed her gratitude to Denmark for its unprecedented support for Ukraine and the Foundation’s projects since the beginning of Russia’s full-scale invasion. "It was pleasing to hear from the Minister that, following our trip to Denmark in April this year and the presentation of the Foundation's initiatives, more and more Danish companies and foundations are willing to support Ukrainians through the Foundation’s projects. We carried out extensive preparatory work, and now we have tangible results: several Danish organizations are joining the implementation of two large-scale, long-term construction projects," said Olena Zelenska. The A.P. Moller Support Foundation is allocating funds for the construction of 10 houses as part of the second phase of the Room for Childhood project, which the Foundation’s team plans to complete next year. The LEGO Foundation, Lundbeck Foundation, Tuborg Foundation, Orient’s Steamship Company Foundation, DSV A/S, and Lauritzen Foundation will assist the Foundation in rebuilding the Children’s Creative and Sports Center in Borodyanka, Kyiv region. This center was destroyed by Russian invaders during the occupation of the town in the spring of 2022. “Various Danish foundations have taken great responsibility and extended a helping hand, particularly to Ukrainian children whose childhood has been torn apart. I want to thank all the foundations for being part of this important work. This assistance is a testament to Denmark’s continued commitment to helping where we can," said Morten Bødskov. Previously, with support from Danish partners, the Foundation’s team rebuilt a rehabilitation department at the Izyum hospital in the Kharkiv region. Danish organizations also funded the renovation and equipping of three school shelters in the Dnipropetrovsk region. "One of our most heartfelt and emotional projects is Christmas on the Doorstep. Last year, with the support of Danish foundations and companies, we were able to bring joy to over 13,000 children from all foster and large foster families across Ukraine. The children received educational games, sweets, and toys for Christmas. We are deeply grateful to our Danish friends for this project, as it allowed us to create a celebration for children even in the midst of war," said Nina Horbachova, CEO of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine