5 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202123012/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with representatives of the Ukrainian Congress Committee of America 28 September 2022 - 09:02 "The Ukrainian diaspora is a cementing link that unites the efforts of American society to help in the fight against Russian total evil," the Head of the President's Office emphasized. Russia's recognition of sham referenda and another attempt to annex the territory of Ukraine will mean that there is nothing to talk about with this President of the Russian Federation - President at the meeting of the UN Security Council 28 September 2022 - 01:06 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the meeting of the UN Security Council, convened at the initiative of Ukraine, in a videoconference format and called on the international community to respond decisively to Russia's violation of international law and order. The only rational response to the audacity of the Russian Federation is even more support for Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 September 2022 - 23:56 Every new Russian strike on Ukrainian cities and our civilian objects proves that the existing defense support for Ukraine is not enough. We make this clear to our partners. And they hear us. And this is important. Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the meeting of the UN Security Council convened at the initiative of Ukraine 27 September 2022 - 23:22 Russia already despises the UN Charter. Russia already breaks any rules of this world. So it's only a matter of time before it destroys this last international institution that can still act. Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with the Ambassador of Romania regarding participation in the implementation of the Fast Recovery Plan 27 September 2022 - 21:13 Kyrylo Tymoshenko spoke in detail about the recovery plan and the creation of a special reconstruction fund. He also informed about the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, according to which partner states, individual cities and large businesses are offered to take under patronage the restoration of regions of Ukraine, individual objects or directions. President held a meeting with the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France 27 September 2022 - 19:07 The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine expects the toughest reaction from international partners to the sham referenda held by Russia in the occupied territories. Olena Zelenska held the phone conversation with Her Majesty The Queen of Sweden 27 September 2022 - 17:52 First Lady of Ukraine held the phone conversation with Her Majesty Queen Silvia of Sweden within the framework of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, established by the First Lady in 2021. Ahead of the event, Her Majesty The Queen of Sweden sent a letter in support of the event. Russia felt that it will lose and is now trying to delay this moment, to ensure some activity at the front - address by the President of Ukraine 26 September 2022 - 22:41 Despite the obvious senselessness of the war for Russia and the occupiers' loss of initiative, the command of the Russian military still drives them to their death. Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 26 September 2022 - 22:16 Andriy Yermak informed the American party of the operational situation at the front and the success of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The parties discussed further security aid to the Ukrainian army. President's Office presented the project of a special tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine to the ambassadors of 30 countries 26 September 2022 - 22:07 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov and Ambassador-at-Large of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs Anton Korynevych held a meeting with the ambassadors of 30 countries, during which the project of creating a special tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine was presented. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine