10 captures 03 Jul 2022 - 15 Sep 2025 Jun JUL Aug 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220703193828/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashi-lyudi-lyagayut-spati-ne-znayuchi-chi-prokinutsya-zavtr-76225 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In Lugano, Ukraine will present a national view of reconstruction; it is necessary to create a new basis for our life - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 July 2022 - 23:14 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Thomas Bach discussed the support for Ukrainian sports by the IOC during the war and after its end 3 July 2022 - 21:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The situation in Donbas is the most difficult, and our task now is to ensure the fire superiority of the Armed Forces 3 July 2022 - 19:51 It is important to find a legislative solution to compensate for the losses caused by Russia at the expense of the seized assets of Russians abroad - President of Ukraine 3 July 2022 - 19:19 President met with the Prime Minister of Australia in Kyiv 3 July 2022 - 19:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the International Olympic Committee in Kyiv 3 July 2022 - 21:57 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Our people go to bed not knowing if they will wake up tomorrow - the First Lady in an interview with Italian television 3 July 2022 - 13:37 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to Italian television. In a conversation with the host of Porta a Porta program, the President's wife talked about the situation in Ukrainian cities hit by missiles every day. "Our people, our children go to bed not knowing if they will wake up tomorrow," said Olena Zelenska. When asked if she is afraid of death, the President's wife emphasized that she is more afraid of those who do not value the lives of others. "I'm more afraid of people who don't care about their lives. This means that they do not care about the lives of others, since they do not value their own. This is the difference between us and the Russian invaders - every life is important to us," the First Lady said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine