5 captures 04 Feb 2024 - 23 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240204010023/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-povnocinnij-tribunal-dozvolit-znyati-imunitet-iz-prezi-88665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Crucial to maintain consolidation of the free world and do everything to enable Ukraine to inflict defeats on Russia – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2024 - 18:17 View all videos n latest news Crucial to maintain consolidation of the free world and do everything to enable Ukraine to inflict defeats on Russia – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2024 - 18:17 The President presented apartment certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and their families: We continue the tradition of particular respect for the warriors whose extraordinary bravery deserves national attention 3 February 2024 - 15:19 Russia feels the pain from your actions – President awarded Defence Intelligence servicemen 3 February 2024 - 14:51 First Lady of Ukraine, jointly with First Lady of Germany, visited the Charité clinic where evacuated Ukrainian patients are being treated 3 February 2024 - 13:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 207 Ukrainians from Russian captivity 31 January 2024 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office It is only a full-fledged tribunal that will allow lifting the immunity of the President, Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Russia – Andriy Smyrnov 1 February 2024 - 17:18 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Smyrnov endorses the establishment of a Special International Tribunal through a vote in the UN General Assembly or by signing an international treaty with the mandatory lifting of the immunities of the three Russian leaders – the President, the Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister. This was discussed at the conference on the establishment of a Special International Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine, which took place in London today. "Currently, many countries are concerned that the hybrid model, which will essentially be a Ukrainian domestic court, cannot be implemented, as it will delay, or perhaps even completely eliminate, the prospect of bringing Putin, Lukashenko, Lavrov and other high-ranking officials to justice, as they will enjoy personal immunity before the domestic hybrid tribunal," explained Smyrnov. According to the Deputy Head of the Office of the President, the establishment of an international rather than a hybrid tribunal would be the best way to lift the relevant immunities. "We call on lawyers and experts to consider how the future tribunal could overcome the immunity of the "trio": the President, Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Russia and try them for the crime of aggression committed against Ukraine. Given its global influence and historic leadership in human rights issues, the UK can play a crucial role in further galvanizing international support for this proposal," said Andriy Smyrnov. He recalled that a core group of 40 countries is negotiating the establishment of a Special Tribunal to try Russia's senior officials for the crime of aggression. The Dutch government has offered to host such a tribunal. However, it remains to be decided what model it will be based on. The conference "Special International Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression against Ukraine" took place today in London. Among the speakers of the one-day event were Minister of Justice of Ukraine Denys Maliuska, Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin, MPs Alicia Kearns and Stephen Doughty, Executive Director of the International Bar Association Mark Ellis, Member of the UN International Law Commission Dapo Akande, Chief Prosecutor of the UN International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda Richard Goldstone, Former Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone David Crane, Director of Legal Advice and Public International Law of the Council of Europe Jörg Polakiewicz. Following the conference, the participants signed a joint communiqué submitted to the UK leadership, calling for the establishment of a tribunal through a vote in the UN General Assembly or by signing an international treaty with the mandatory lifting of the trio's immunities. The draft communiqué also contains specific recommendations voiced at the conference on how to lift the immunities of the "trio" in accordance with international law. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine