4 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 21 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213121906/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=180 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Today, the history of Ukraine and the whole of Europe has taken the right step – the European Commission has recommended starting membership negotiations with our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 14:18 Our country must be in the European Union. Ukrainians deserve it. All the necessary decisions are being adopted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Fumio Kishida discussed the development of bilateral cooperation and preparations for the Ukraine Recovery Conference 8 November 2023 - 13:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida. Ukraine means strengthening of the entire European community for the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 November 2023 - 22:08 Ukraine will be in the EU. And we will achieve this, in particular, through the transformation of our country – an internal transformation that is absolutely in the interests of our people. Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Alexander Soros the restoration of infrastructure and investments in the Ukrainian economy 7 November 2023 - 15:56 The parties discussed opportunities for developing the Ukrainian economy. In this context, they noted the importance of reconstruction and restoration of infrastructure, as well as the implementation of investment projects. Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 7 November 2023 - 09:31 Olena Zelenska thanked her colleague for systematic and extremely active assistance to Ukraine and its citizens. In particular, with the support of the First Lady of Poland, a series of training sessions were held in Ukraine for Ukrainian doctors and rescuers in various fields. The battle that determines the fate of the state and people is now underway; it is not the right time for elections – address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2023 - 21:06 The state needs to be much more focused on defense – everyone in the state, and especially at the regional level, in the rear cities that have the resources to help and support. Regarding Russian strike on soldiers of 128th Separate Mountain Infantry Brigade: The main thing is to establish the truth about what happened and prevent such incidents from happening again – address by the President of Ukraine 5 November 2023 - 18:18 It is a tragedy that could have been avoided. Criminal proceedings have been initiated in response to this tragedy. The relevant investigation is ongoing. Olena Zelenska takes part in School Buses for Ukraine event 4 November 2023 - 21:32 During the visit of President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen to Kyiv, a ceremony of handing over school buses took place. As part of the "School Buses for Ukraine" solidarity campaign initiated in the autumn of 2022 by Ursula von der Leyen and First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, Ukrainian communities received over 370 school buses. Ukraine can accomplish significant achievements when working together in the interests of its independence and all Ukrainians – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 4 November 2023 - 17:32 We all in Ukraine should already get used to the fact that our domestic policy is the policy of European integration, and it is what brings us closer to the moment when the Ukrainian flag will be in Brussels alongside all the other flags of EU member states. The decision to open negotiations on Ukraine's EU membership to be of pivotal significance in the history of all of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 15:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who arrived in our country on a visit. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine