7 captures 14 Feb 2024 - 04 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240214134637/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-stvoryuyemo-dlya-ukrayini-principovo-novu-sistemu-bezpeko-88921 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are creating for Ukraine a fundamentally new system of security relations with the world's major powers – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 February 2024 - 19:31 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the Peace Summit with the Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa 13 February 2024 - 20:32 We are creating for Ukraine a fundamentally new system of security relations with the world's major powers – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 February 2024 - 19:31 I thank each of the seventy senators who voted to continue the support of our country – address by the President of Ukraine 13 February 2024 - 15:01 Andriy Yermak discussed preparations for the Peace Summit with Ukrainian ambassadors 13 February 2024 - 13:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A meeting of the President of Ukraine with the military leadership 10 February 2024 - 19:49 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are creating for Ukraine a fundamentally new system of security relations with the world's major powers – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 February 2024 - 19:31 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! A brief report for this day. First of all, the frontline, and in particular Avdiivka, Kupyansk, and Lyman. Maximum attention, maximum support. Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi and Defense Minister Umerov are currently on the ground, at the front, all day long. Today they visited all the hot spots of the frontline and reported on the situation. The existing problems are being resolved: manning the units, reinforcement, command and control. There will be reinforcement with drones and means of electronic warfare. Command positions will also be reinforced. A detailed report will follow later. Secondly, a strategically important vote took place today in the United States. The Senate voted in favor of a package of further support for our country, our warriors, our efforts and democracy in general. I am grateful to every senator for making a morally strong choice. This choice is important not just for Ukraine, but for all nations whose independence is a target for Russian attacks – either now or in the future. Attacks planned for the coming years. Putin has never intended to limit himself to Ukraine alone – his goals are far broader. Hence, solidarity in defense must be even broader. The next step is a vote in the House of Representatives. This is extremely important. We anticipate an equally strong moral choice and a decision that will enter into effect, contributing to our common security. Thirdly, the reboot of our state's institutions continues. In particular, the Defense Forces. And today, the diplomatic forces as well. Lieutenant General Yevhen Moysiuk has been appointed a special envoy and will be responsible for the implementation of international security commitments for Ukraine and the development of the Defense Forces. We are creating for Ukraine a fundamentally new system of security relations with the world's major powers, and every element of such relations must be fully implemented, so that there are no mere declarations. The security agreement with the UK is already in place, and we are preparing new agreements – ambitious agreements. And not only with European powers. Every agreement with partners must be implemented as soon as possible. And one more thing. We continue preparations for the Global Peace Summit. On the key security aspects broken by the Russian war. Peace has no alternative and must always be just. It must be exactly what our people and any people of the world deserve. The aggressor must never win. And I am grateful to everyone who helps Ukraine, our warriors, and our entire nation. Glory to everyone who fights for Ukraine, who works to preserve our independence. And thank you to everyone who helps. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine