3 captures 15 Jun 2024 - 02 Apr 2025 May JUN Jul 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240615114008/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy to Participate in the G7 Special Meeting 13 June 2024 - 17:24 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain 2 November 2022 - 20:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs, European Union and Cooperation of Spain José Manuel Albares, who arrived on a visit to our country. Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with Managing Director, Head of Global Engagement at the largest U.S. bank holding by assets – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Clay Berry. American historian Timothy Snyder becomes an ambassador for the UNITED24 platform, launching the 'Shahed Hunter' fundraiser 2 November 2022 - 19:03 The Professor of History at Yale University, Timothy Snyder, has joined the team of the UNITED24 fundraising platform, initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He became the second ambassador after actor Mark Hamill who will focus his efforts on fundraising for Defence and Demining. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 2 November 2022 - 13:25 At the meeting, the parties discussed the course of reconstruction of critical infrastructure facilities, in particular in the energy sector, which were destroyed the day before as a result of the air attacks of the terrorist state. The work of the air defense forces of Ukraine, which stopped another attack by enemy kamikaze drones at night, was noted. Olena Zelenska opened Web Summit 2022 in Lisbon 2 November 2022 - 13:13 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska became a special guest of Web Summit 2022 - the largest European technology conference, which takes place in Portugal every year and is dedicated to the topic of modern breakthrough technologies in the IT industry. The speech of the President’s wife on the main stage of the summit marked its opening. We will do everything to give people electricity and heat, but Russia will do everything to destroy normal life - address by the President of Ukraine 1 November 2022 - 22:47 As of now, we can report that the technical possibility of water supply has already been restored for all consumers in Ukraine. For most, it is also technically possible to supply electricity. Stabilizing blackouts continue in nine regions of Ukraine. President held a meeting on the results of the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform 1 November 2022 - 21:47 During the meeting, the parties discussed the model of reintegration, restoration and development of the Ukrainian Crimea, which should be ready for implementation as soon as the peninsula is freed from the temporary occupation. Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of France 1 November 2022 - 19:06 The heads of state discussed the new wave of missile terror by Russia and the security situation on the frontline. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the UNICEF Ukraine Representative the urgent issues of support for Ukrainians during the war 1 November 2022 - 17:59 The parties discussed the issue of preparing schools for the education of Ukrainian children in war conditions and coordinated the relevant joint work. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine