5 captures 28 Sep 2020 - 25 May 2024 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214074936/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/korotkostrokovij-prioritet-ce-borotba-z-kontrabandoyu-ta-rej-56013 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The short-term priority is the fight against smuggling and raiding - President in a meeting with representatives of business circles 20 June 2019 - 17:30 Ukraine needs to get rid of corruption and bring the economy out of the shadows, and the short-term priority is the fight against smuggling and raiding. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized during the forum "Dialogue Between State Authorities and Business" on June 20 in Kyiv. "Both of them are usual for our country. This is a diagnosis, yet not a sentence. I promise that we will treat it. I believe that in the coming months you will notice a significant difference, and these phenomena will cease to be systemic next year," the Head of State promised. The President noted that Ukraine should get rid of non-core assets, thus, he supports large-scale privatization. “The state is a service, which creates conditions for your work, not your competitor,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Also, the Head of State announced the holding of a tax amnesty on preferential terms. "We understand that very often Ukrainian business had to withdraw money from the country because of corruption and the desire to protect its assets," the President explained. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of decommercialization of the Security Service of Ukraine. "Ivan Bakanov is currently responsible for this at the operational level. As soon as a new Verkhovna Rada is elected, we will offer to immediately deprive the Security Service of Ukraine of uncharacteristic functions. The Security Service must fight against spies and diversionists, not deal with business," the President said. The Head of State also endorsed the demilitarization of the State Tax Service and the establishment of the State Financial Intelligence Service with an emphasis on analytical work. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that neither society nor the investors believed in the judicial system. "Hence, the reform of recent years has not been successful. Our team is working over a plan to overcome corruption in the courts. In the near future, we will present it separately. Let's start with the launch of the Anticorruption Court," the President noted. The Head of State also noted that the Labor Code and the Housing Code were obsolete and required drastic changes. "Ukraine needs to get rid of naphthalic post-Soviet regulation introduced for the planned economy, as well as of the prohibition for adults to freely manage their property," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine