7 captures 23 Sep 2022 - 12 Sep 2025 Aug SEP Oct 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220923185740/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/davati-lyudyam-nadiyu-na-majbutnye-ta-vidchuttya-povagi-os-n-77961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more added value Ukraine produces, the more added security the people of the world get – speech by the President of Ukraine at the Forbes 400 Summit on Philanthropy 23 September 2022 - 10:02 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to respond to the facts of the use of Iranian-made weapons by Russian troops in Ukraine 23 September 2022 - 19:02 To give hope for the future, and to give people the feeling that they are respected - this is why the First Lady of Ukraine created the Foundation - President's speech at the presentation of the Olena Zelenska Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:46 Olena Zelenska Launched a Charity Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:15 World leaders must firmly state that an attempted nuclear attack on Ukraine will have catastrophic consequences for the Russian Federation - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with The Guardian 23 September 2022 - 14:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Events on Rescuer Day with the participation of the President 16 September 2022 - 16:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches To give hope for the future, and to give people the feeling that they are respected - this is why the First Lady of Ukraine created the Foundation - President's speech at the presentation of the Olena Zelenska Foundation 23 September 2022 - 14:46 Dear Friends! Ladies and Gentlemen! Dear Olena! Even if I am not with you now, I know that our unity does not stop for a minute. This unity is our most powerful force that help us make anything possible. And the most important that we made possible to provide reliable protection of freedom. You know… Every short question “What is freedom?” does not have a universal short answer. It is one of those questions, which will bring up many new answers as long as humankind lives. But there is one element which makes incomplete any answer to the question about freedom. This element is respect for a person. For a person of any age, property status, religion, race, gender. Respect is what free society is based on. Respect is the source of democracy. Respect is what every wise father, every wise mother teach their children. Respect is clearly displayed in the life of any country. Respect is education. It is medicine. It is help for those, who find themselves in a difficult life situation, and for those, who cannot support themselves and their children. Respect is institutions that provide justice. It is cultural institutions that keep the heritage of every community, every nation and whole humanity. When all this works, when there is respect, then any person can really enjoy freedom. So it's no surprise, when the enemy of freedom destroys infrastructure of respect – everything that provides humanitarian welfare. Twenty five hundred educational facilities in Ukraine were destroyed by Russian strikes – schools, universities, educational clubs and others. More than thousand medical facilities were destroyed by Russian missiles and shelling. Tens of thousands of houses were simply burned down. Millions of people became displaced persons. Russia has caused a humanitarian disaster in Ukraine because it hates freedom. And that is why the world supported our call for unity. The world sees what Russia attacks and what Ukraine defends. We protect freedom, we protect people and do everything, so that as many friends of freedom around the world as possible can contribute to this struggle. That is why the First Lady of Ukraine set up this foundation – Olena Zelenska Foundation. She chose the humanitarian dimension, and there are huge challenges in this dimension. To restore what has been destroyed, to help those who need protection, to give hope for the future, and to give people the feeling that they are respected. This is an extremely noble cause, and I encourage all of you to join in – people, companies, foundations. Ukraine knows how to be grateful! Thank you everyone who supports us! Thank you everyone who supports Olena Zelenska Foundation! Thank you, friends of freedom! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine