6 captures 02 Nov 2022 - 15 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221102152619/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-obgovoriv-z-golovoyu-predstavnictva-yunise-78845 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to give people electricity and heat, but Russia will do everything to destroy normal life - address by the President of Ukraine 1 November 2022 - 22:50 View all videos n latest news President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 2 November 2022 - 13:25 We will do everything to give people electricity and heat, but Russia will do everything to destroy normal life - address by the President of Ukraine 1 November 2022 - 22:47 President held a meeting on the results of the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform 1 November 2022 - 21:47 Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the UNICEF Ukraine Representative the urgent issues of support for Ukrainians during the war 1 November 2022 - 17:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with UNICEF Ukraine Representative Murat Sahin. The parties discussed the issue of preparing schools for the education of Ukrainian children in war conditions and coordinated the relevant joint work. Murat Sahin reminded that in the framework of the "Studying Together" initiative launched by the Ministry of Education and Science in cooperation with UNICEF Ukraine and First Lady Olena Zelenska to support the educational process in the current academic year, a thousand hub schools will receive USD 3 million for relevant needs. In addition, Kyrylo Tymoshenko spoke about the government's plans to organize heating points in the country for the winter period, where people could stay at a time when their homes may be left without heating and electricity. These points will have generators, drinking water and food, and internet connection. According to the Deputy Head of the President's Office, about 17,000 generators will be needed for this. "We want to equip these heating points on the basis of schools and kindergartens in big cities and in administrative buildings in rural areas," he said. Kyrylo Tymoshenko noted that Ukraine would welcome assistance from international organizations in the implementation of this project. Murat Sahin emphasized the importance of such an idea and confirmed UNICEF's readiness to support the project on the equipment of heating points in the framework of the "Studying Together" initiative in schools and kindergartens. He also informed about the aid and projects that UNICEF has already implemented and is currently implementing in Ukraine to support citizens during the war, in particular in the coming winter period. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine