1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221557/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=39 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discusses strengthening Ukraine's air defense with representatives of embassies of France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain 19 October 2022 - 18:01 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak has called on France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, which are among the leaders in providing Ukraine with weapons and military equipment, to step up actions to strengthen our country's air defense. He said this at a briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of these countries in the Office of the President. Roman Mashovets informed the Estonian Foreign Ministry delegation about the current situation in the Russian-Ukrainian war 18 October 2022 - 22:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia led by Director General of the Foreign Ministry's Department for Eastern Europe and Central Asia Marge Mardisalu-Kahar and Ambassador of Estonia to Ukraine Kaimo Kuusk. Andriy Yermak: Unfortunately, we did not see the willingness of the ICRC to do everything possible to protect Ukrainian prisoners 18 October 2022 - 15:55 The shocking scale of war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocidal crimes committed by the Russian Federation against Ukrainian prisoners of war require at least a clear position and determination from all organizations that take care of compliance with the norms and requirements of international humanitarian law. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak based on the results of the Ukrainian delegation's trip to the touch line in the Zaporizhzhia region. Andriy Yermak discusses with new ICRC president ways to move forward on getting access to Ukrainian prisoners in Olenivka 15 October 2022 - 14:15 Yermak congratulated her on the recent assumption of office and expressed hope that under her leadership the ICRC will successfully overcome complex humanitarian problems, in particular those caused by Russia's war against Ukraine. It is necessary to stop the terrorist pressure that Russia exerts on European countries - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Bild 14 October 2022 - 15:53 In the event of a real nuclear threat from Russia, the aggressor country will receive an appropriate response from the world, and the Russian authorities understand this. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the German newspaper Bild. Andriy Yermak: Ukraine gives the ICRC three days to send a mission to the colony in Olenivka, where Ukrainian prisoners of war are held 13 October 2022 - 19:45 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak made a demand without alternatives to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC): in the coming days, send a mission to the colony in Olenivka in the temporarily occupied territory of the Donetsk region, where Ukrainian prisoners of war are held and where at the end of July, as a result of terrorist shelling by the Russian occupiers, more than 50 defenders of Ukraine were killed. If Europe wants to get rid of pressure from Russia, it is necessary to end the war in Ukraine in a fair way - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with elDiario 13 October 2022 - 18:46 If Europe, together with Ukraine, does not end the war properly, the problems and crises provoked by Russia will become even larger. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the Spanish online newspaper elDiario. Andriy Yermak and the Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission discussed support for the recovery and financial stability of Ukraine 12 October 2022 - 23:50 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video call with Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission Bjoern Seibert. Roman Mashovets discussed the current situation on the fronts of the Russian-Ukrainian war with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 12 October 2022 - 20:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets held a meeting with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. If Ukraine loses, Russia will dominate in Europe and impose its values on it - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Le Figaro 12 October 2022 - 11:56 The only way to win the war unleashed by the Russian Federation is to stop being afraid of Russia and multiply Ukraine's tactical victories. This was stated by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with the French newspaper Le Figaro. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine