8 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101235756/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-plan-absolyutno-chitkih-i-realistichnih-krokiv-volodimir-93805 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news First Thousands of North Korean Soldiers Are Not Far from Ukraine's Border – Address by the President 1 November 2024 - 22:38 At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events This Is a Plan of Absolutely Clear and Realistic Steps: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Olaf Scholz 11 October 2024 - 19:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz in Berlin. This meeting is the third one this fall, but the Head of State called it the most important throughout the entire period of full-scale Russian invasion. The President presented the Victory Plan to Olaf Scholz and discussed key aspects of the Plan with the Chancellor. “This Plan is a bridge to an effective Peace Summit that will truly put an end to the war. In other words, this Plan is not a substitute for our peace initiative, but a way to strengthen Ukraine's positions for achieving peace,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State thanked Germany and Olaf Scholz personally for the full range of assistance provided: defense, economic, political, as well as for participation in the first Peace Summit and support for the Peace Formula. “Germany has helped us the most with air defense. And this is a fact. It has saved the lives of thousands of Ukrainians, and it gives our cities and villages protection from Russian terror,” the President noted. A separate focus of the talks was the implementation of the provisions of the bilateral security agreement for next year, the work of joint ventures for the repair of armored vehicles in Ukraine, and the launch of joint arms production. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also invited Olaf Scholz to consider the possibility of financing the Ukrainian production of long-range weaponry. The Chancellor of Germany assured that next year the Federal Republic of Germany will continue its military assistance to Ukraine. “In addition, by the end of the year, with the support of our partners: Belgium, Denmark, Norway, we will supply Ukraine with another package worth 1.4 billion euros. It also includes air defense systems such as IRIS-T, Skynex, Gepard, howitzers, self-propelled artillery systems, armored vehicles, combat drones, radars and ammunition,” Olaf Scholz said. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 11 October 2024 - 16:08 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 11 October 2024 - 16:08 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine