31 captures 04 Sep 2021 - 24 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215021811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-iniciyuvala-pidpisannya-memorandumu-pro-robot-70557 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska initiates signing of memorandum on creation of Ukrainian-language audio guides with Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco 3 September 2021 - 20:13 During the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, First Lady Olena Zelenska initiated the signing of a memorandum on the work on two Ukrainian-language audio guides with the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. As it is planned, by the end of the year it will be possible to have an audio tour in Ukrainian in the halls of the De Young museum and the Legion of Honor museum, which are part of the Fine Arts Museums. "We have signed a memorandum on the start of work on two Ukrainian-language audio tours at once for the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco. I especially appreciate the fact that the establishment of strong ties between the United States and Ukraine occurs through culture, which testifies to the duration and consistency of such cooperation," Zelenska said. The Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco is the largest arts and cultural center in San Francisco and one of the largest art museums in California. It includes the De Young museum and the Legion of Honor museum. The first integrates the works of modern art, textiles, costumes, exhibits from the Americas, the Pacific region and Africa of the 17th-21st centuries, and the second exhibits the historical and political evolution of art over the past several thousand years. More than one and a half million people visit the Fine Arts Museums annually. The museums have the Access Program with the help of which visitors with disabilities can get two free tickets. They also offer special tours with sign language interpreters for people who use sign language communication. The galleries have descriptions of paintings in large print, odorless environments and additional parking spaces. The audio guides for the highlights from the permanent collection include a Visual Access Tour option that provides a highly detailed visual description of each object on the tour. Earlier, within the framework of the initiative of Olena Zelenska, the first Ukrainian-language audio tour in the United States was launched in Mount Vernon, the estate of U.S. President George Washington. ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 ph President’s visit to the United States 31 August 2021 - 09:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine