2 captures 27 May 2024 - 27 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240527192142/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2023&date-to=24-05-2024&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Many Leaders Condemned Russian Terror; It Is Important That This Condemnation Leads to Fair Consequences – Address by the President 26 May 2024 - 20:29 View all videos pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to Spain 27 May 2024 - 14:21 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska Took Part in Mental Health Awareness Event 9 May 2024 - 20:31 The President's wife noted that Ukrainian resilience has already become a phenomenon in the world. However, it needs to be taken care of. According to the Ministry of Health, 77% of Ukrainians are currently experiencing symptoms of stress and severe nervousness. Defense Support, Ukraine's Path to the EU, and the Global Peace Summit: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Roberta Metsola 9 May 2024 - 16:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola in Kyiv. They discussed the situation at the front, defense support, plans of the Russian occupiers, Ukraine's European integration and the Global Peace Summit. The leaders made this announcement during a joint press conference. New Agreements Between the Regions of Ukraine and Europe Will Enhance Protection and Security — the President at the Second International Summit of Cities and Regions 9 May 2024 - 14:35 On Europe Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy participated in the Second International Summit of Cities and Regions. The event was also attended by Roberta Metsola, the President of the European Parliament, Ruslan Stefanchuk, the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, Denys Shmyhal, the Prime Minister of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak, the Head of the Office of the President, members of Parliament, government officials, and representatives of Ukrainian and foreign self-government bodies. Athletes Can Help Involve More Countries in the Global Peace Summit – Andriy Yermak 8 May 2024 - 23:03 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Ukrainian and foreign athletes. The event was dedicated to the preparations for the Global Peace Summit that will be held in Switzerland on June 15-16. Our Positions at the Front, the Physical Protection of Our People and Communities, and the Disruption of Any Attempts at Russian Offensive Are Urgent Priorities – Address by the President 8 May 2024 - 21:47 Everyone who is now on the frontline, who defends Ukraine on the ground, in the sky and at sea, gives our state the opportunity to gain a prospect for Ukrainians – for our independence, for our diplomacy, for our lives. Iryna Mudra: Implementation of Judicial Reform is a Key Component of Transparent Business Development 8 May 2024 - 20:19 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Iryna Mudra met with the President of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine Andy Hunder, Vice President Tetyana Prokopchuk, and Co-Chair of the Chamber Legal Committee Vitaliy Odzhykovskyi. The Chancellor of Germany, the Prime Minister of Denmark, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 8 May 2024 - 18:55 Following the telephone conversations with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz, the Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte, and the Secretary General of the Council of Europe Marija Pejčinović Burić confirmed their participation in the Global Peace Summit which will be held in Switzerland on June 15-16. Security Agreement with Portugal: Ukraine Held Another Round of Negotiations 8 May 2024 - 18:05 According to the Presidential decree, the Ukrainian official delegation is headed by the Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak. Today's round of talks was led by the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva. May Those Whose Courage and Strength Preserve Life on Earth Never Fade from People's Memory – The President Presented Awards on the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism 8 May 2024 - 16:16 On the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in World War II, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Orders of the Golden Star to the relatives of the fallen Heroes of Ukraine and awarded the warriors with the Cross of Military Merit decorations. Today, Ukrainians Are Once Again Standing Up to Evil, Which Has Reemerged – Address by the President on the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism 8 May 2024 - 09:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy recorded an address in the village of Yahidne, Chernihiv region, on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in World War II. During the occupation in March 2022, Russian invaders held all the villagers in the school basement for almost a month. 350 adults and children were left without food, water, and medicine. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine