1 capture 27 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240927071421/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:47 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with Kamala Harris 27 September 2024 - 00:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 23:48 Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 22:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – New Aid Package, Strengthening Air Defense, and Patronage Over Zaporizhzhia: President Held Talks with Dutch Prime Minister 2 September 2024 - 17:34 The President thanked the Dutch Prime Minister for visiting Zaporizhzhia, which is located just a few dozen kilometers from the frontlines. He proposed that the Netherlands take patronage over thee Zaporizhzhia region, particularly in areas such as energy needs, school protection, and shelter construction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Over 2 Million Students Started the School Year in Offline Format 2 September 2024 - 16:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced this during the regional educational forum "Creating the Future Together" in Zaporizhzhia. Today, over 10,000 schools are operating offline. "Mriya" Modernizes School Education in Ukraine – President During App Launch 2 September 2024 - 16:36 Through the app, students will receive an ID card, complete assignments, better plan their day, and access educational content. Parents will be able to monitor their child's progress. We Are Proud of Our Heroic Students: President Visited the First Thematic Lesson in One of the Educational Institutions of Zaporizhzhia 2 September 2024 - 16:03 On the first day of the new school year, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Dick Schoof, visited the first thematic lesson in one of the educational institutions of Zaporizhzhia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Dick Schoof spoke with students from the 1st and 11th grades. On This Day, Ukraine Pays Special Tribute to the Memory of All Our Fallen Warriors – The President Met with the Families of Ukraine’s Fallen Heroes 29 August 2024 - 16:47 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine fallen in the struggle for Ukraine’s independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the families of Ukraine’s Heroes and presented 16 Orders of the Golden Star and 22 certificates for apartments. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Representatives of the Ecumenical Patriarchate 28 August 2024 - 16:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the Ecumenical Patriarchate: Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada, Archbishop Ilarion of Winnipeg, Metropolitan Job of Pisidia, Patriarchal Deacon Epiphanius and the Exarch of the Ecumenical Patriarch in Ukraine, Bishop Michael. For the Second Peace Summit, a Document Should Be Prepared Based on Thematic Conferences on the Peace Formula Points – the President 27 August 2024 - 18:04 A document should be prepared based on the thematic conferences that Ukraine is organizing in pursuance of the first Peace Summit. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference at the "Ukraine 2024. Independence" forum. The Kursk Operation Is One of the Points of Ukraine's Plan for Victory in the War – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 August 2024 - 17:00 The President also noted that this operation is not related to any of the Peace Formula points, but is connected to the second Peace Summit. It is one of the points of Ukraine's plan for victory in the war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that he initially intends to present this plan to U.S. President Joseph Biden in September. President Held a Meeting on Protecting the State's National Interests Under Martial Law 26 August 2024 - 20:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the heads of law enforcement agencies regarding the protection of the state's national interests under martial law. President Met with Winners and Medalists of the Summer Olympic Games in Paris and Presented Them with State Awards 24 August 2024 - 19:44 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the winners and medalists of the Olympic Games and their coaches on Independence Day and presented them with state awards. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 84 85 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine