5 captures 30 Jan 2024 - 18 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240913113028/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-robocha-grupa-napracyuye-rekomendacijnij-dokumen-88625 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Children's Safety Is Everyone’s Concern Today – President's Speech at the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 20:00 View all videos n latest news Lithuanian President Honored Andriy Yermak with the Order of the Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas 13 September 2024 - 10:00 Meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Took Place at the Office of the President 12 September 2024 - 22:10 Giving Children True Safety Is Only Possible Together with the Whole World – Olena Zelenska at the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Speaker and Deputy Speakers of the Danish Parliament 12 September 2024 - 21:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska in the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: International Task Force will develop a recommendation document to help Ukraine move towards Euro-Atlantic integration 30 January 2024 - 21:21 The key objective of the International Task Force on Security and Euro-Atlantic Integration of Ukraine co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and NATO Secretary General in 2009-2014 Anders Fogh Rasmussen will be to prepare a comprehensive vision of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic security integration, including future NATO membership. This was stated by Andriy Yermak at a briefing in the Office of the President. "The purpose of this new group is primarily to work with NATO member states, with the expert community, the political environment to create an atmosphere that would help us move forward on this path. Ukraine has ambitious expectations for this year's NATO Washington Summit and the steps that would lead us to full membership," the Head of the Presidential Office said. He noted that the process of concluding bilateral agreements on security commitments with the signatories to the G7 Vilnius Declaration is part of Ukraine's path to full membership in NATO. According to Andriy Yermak, the system of security agreements creates specific obligations in case of possible future aggressions and will strengthen our defense capabilities, however, only full membership in the Alliance will provide Ukraine with reliable security. According to the Head of the Office of the President, the new International Task Force should formulate and advocate for a systemic vision that will help Ukraine move towards Euro-Atlantic integration. "We want the issue of Ukraine's future membership in NATO to become a key topic of discussion in the expert community. It is no secret that there are politicians who are not ready to endorse the invitation to Ukraine today, but we have time to change this," said Andriy Yermak. For his part, Anders Fogh Rasmussen noted that this task force will work on defining the conditions necessary for Ukraine to receive an invitation to join NATO and the timing of their implementation. In his view, the statement that Ukraine's invitation to join the Alliance cannot take place until the war is over is dangerous because it gives Russia an incentive to continue its aggression to prevent Ukraine from joining NATO. Conversely, inviting Ukraine to join the Alliance opens the door to peace. "That is why we have to extend an invitation to Ukraine in the near future. To show that we are sincere when we say that Ukraine will join NATO, that Ukraine is part of NATO and will be an integral part of the European Union as well," Anders Fogh Rasmussen said. The former NATO Secretary General emphasized that "gray" zones are zones of danger. "Ukraine is a bastion of defense against Russia. Ukraine now has a very strong army, and it can contribute to NATO and strengthen it greatly," he said. Andriy Yermak also expressed his belief that through its struggle, the Ukrainian nation is already doing everything necessary to convince NATO to extend an invitation to membership. And now it is time for politicians, MPs, ministers, experts, and journalists to act and contribute to the process of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine