5 captures 07 Oct 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241007212354/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Will Try to Convince Our Partners at "Ramstein" of the Need for Significant Reinforcement of Our Capabilities – Address by the President 7 October 2024 - 19:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery President Met with Warriors of Territorial Defense Forces 7 October 2024 - 15:57 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President Honored the Memory of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2024 - 11:12 The Head of State laid flowers at the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. Address by the President on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2024 - 10:00 When we say "defenders of Ukraine," we feel pride. We feel your protection. We see your courage. Every day and every night. On weekdays and weekends. In heat and cold. Always. Every minute. A minute whose value you understand like no one else. A minute that can change absolutely everything. Everything That Can Be Done This Fall, Everything We Can Achieve, We Must Achieve – President’s Address 30 September 2024 - 19:41 We are already preparing for the upcoming "Ramstein" meeting. The power of weapons and the power of diplomacy are always effective when working together, and this is exactly our plan – this is exactly how we should implement the Victory Plan. Ukrainian-Language Audio Guides Launched in Belgium and Germany 30 September 2024 - 17:54 In particular, an audio guide has been launched at the Museum of Ancient Art, the Fin-de-Siècle Museum, and the René Magritte Museum, all part of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium – a complex of museums in Brussels housing a large collection of paintings and sculptures. Every Day, Russia Uses About a Hundred Guided Aerial Bombs Against Ukraine – Address by the President 29 September 2024 - 20:18 In a week and a half, in October, at “Ramstein,” we have to decide, together with other leaders, on common steps and a common vision of the ways to increase pressure on Russia for this war and for the sake of peace. A just peace. President's Visit to the U.S. Was Challenging yet Crucial and Successful – Andriy Yermak 29 September 2024 - 17:52 The presentation of the Victory Plan to President Joseph Biden, the U.S. Congress, and both U.S. presidential candidates, along with all of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's meetings on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, aimed to strengthen support for Ukraine in achieving a just peace. President Honored the Memory of Babyn Yar Victims 29 September 2024 - 14:20 On the 83rd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the victims of mass Nazi executions during the occupation of Kyiv in 1941-1943. We Received Full Support for Our Strategy of Approaching Peace – Peace Through Strength – Address by the President 28 September 2024 - 21:25 I thank everyone who helps to stop Russian terror and who understands that only strength can force Russia to respect the rules and follow the basic documents of the world. The Plan for Victory Has Been Presented to America, and We Have Explained Every Single Point – Address by the President 27 September 2024 - 21:31 All the key issues for Ukraine are on our partners' table, and everything is being considered. Long-range capabilities, the defense package, sanctions against Russia, steps on Russian assets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Plan for Victory to Donald Trump 27 September 2024 - 20:13 In New York, the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, met with the 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine