1 capture 01 May 2023 Apr MAY Jun 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230501205107/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-05-2022&date-to=01-05-2023&page=178 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian invaders will receive our response to every attack - address by the President of Ukraine 1 May 2023 - 22:00 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russia and every other potential aggressor must see that by war you will not achieve anything - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the session of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council Summit 4 May 2022 - 13:17 The world's effective response to Russian aggression is the most realistic possible safeguard against other wars in the future. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the session of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council Summit. Andriy Yermak discussed security issues and strengthening sanctions against Russia with advisers to leaders of the United States, Great Britain, Germany and France 4 May 2022 - 09:47 Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutors about the course of events on the frontline noting that the most difficult situation remains in the south-east of Ukraine, where Russia has concentrated significant forces. As part of the ongoing dialogue, the parties continued to discuss future security guarantees for Ukraine. Striking at Ukrainian cities, Russia is trying to vent its powerlessness, because it cannot beat Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 May 2022 - 23:56 The more such strikes, the farther Russia is from civilization. From what is called civilizedness. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Andrzej Duda 3 May 2022 - 20:53 The interlocutors discussed further defense assistance to Ukraine. The Ukrainian Head of State especially noted Poland's significant contribution in this direction. Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Parliament of Albania 3 May 2022 - 16:03 I am grateful to Albania for its cooperation within the United Nations platform. Especially now when your country is a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council. We need to do a principled thing and stop using UN funds to sponsor Russia. If it violates the UN Charter, threatens the world's food security and destroys peace in Europe, it has no right to receive a single cent from the UN. Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Kimbal Musk support for Ukraine during the war 3 May 2022 - 15:23 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with American businessman, member of the Board of Directors of Tesla and SpaceX Kimbal Musk. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Verkhovna Rada 3 May 2022 - 15:11 The laws should be as timely as Lend-Lease. Accurate as our "Stugna" and "Bayraktar". And bring benefits like "Neptune". And glory like our army. And to be such that will go down in history like the people of Ukraine! The whole free world has united so that no one justifies Nazism, kills children or destroys peaceful cities as Russia does - address by the President of Ukraine 2 May 2022 - 22:51 It is no coincidence that they are waging a so-called total war to destroy all living things, after which only the burned ruins of entire cities and villages remain. To do this, one must completely reject the moral and achievements of the victors of Nazism. But if such people are in the Russian leadership, it does not mean they can judge others in Europe or in the world according to themselves. Ihor Zhovkva met with ambassadors of EU member states who returned to Kyiv to perform their duties 2 May 2022 - 19:56 Ihor Zhovkva thanked the heads of diplomatic missions of the European Union who returned to Kyiv to fulfill their duties: "This demonstrates your firm solidarity with the people of Ukraine who oppose Russian aggression." President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Denmark 2 May 2022 - 18:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark Jeppe Kofod. The Head of State noted that Ukraine highly appreciates the support of Denmark, and reminded that he had a fruitful meeting with Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen in Kyiv recently. 1 2 ... 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine