7 captures 08 Nov 2023 - 13 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231108234839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pid-chas-vistupu-na-42-j-sesiyi-generalnoyi-k-86841 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We already understand what steps are need to bring the key goal – Ukraine's accession to the EU – closer – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the Advisor for Political and International Affairs to the Office of the President of Chile 8 November 2023 - 23:30 First Lady of Ukraine opens Ukrainian bookshelf in UNESCO library 8 November 2023 - 23:23 We already understand what steps are needed to bring the key goal – Ukraine's accession to the EU – closer – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 22:45 Olena Zelenska speaking at the 42nd session of the UNESCO General Conference: The defense of Ukraine is now the defense of peace, civilization, and culture around the world 8 November 2023 - 21:08 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska speaking at the 42nd session of the UNESCO General Conference: The defense of Ukraine is now the defense of peace, civilization, and culture around the world 8 November 2023 - 21:08 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska has arrived in France. The main purpose of her visit is to participate in the opening of the Ukrainian Institute in Paris. The Ukrainian Institute is a state institution that represents culture and shapes the image of Ukraine abroad. The Institute was founded by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine in 2017 and is managed by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The mission of the Ukrainian Institute is to bolster Ukraine's international and domestic agency through the use of cultural diplomacy. At the same time, France is one of Ukraine's key partners in Europe and a priority country for cultural diplomacy, according to the Ukrainian Institute's strategy for 2020-2024. On the first day of the visit, the President's wife became an honored guest of the 42nd session of the UNESCO General Conference, which is taking place at the organization's headquarters in Paris. This fundamental event takes place every two years. It determines the main direction of the organization's activities and approves its program. The conference includes representatives of all UNESCO member states. The sessions of the General Conference are attended by member states (194) and associate members (12), as well as observers from non-member states, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations. Olena Zelenska addressed the conference with a speech in which she thanked UNESCO for its strong and effective support for Ukraine in protecting its cultural heritage from Russian aggression, in particular for including World Heritage sites in Odesa, Kyiv and Lviv in the List of World Heritage in Danger and for granting enhanced protection to 20 more sites. She also expressed her gratitude for documenting the damage to protected sites, which, according to international law, amounts to war crimes. "A few days before my visit here, on November 5, as usual, Russian troops attacked Odesa at night. The shelling damaged the building of the Odesa National Art Museum. The news about culture in Ukraine is mostly like this now. A theater in Chernihiv, and before that the historic center of Lviv, Spaso-Preobrazhensky Cathedral (again in Odesa), and before that dozens of other sites of our cultural heritage. Museums, libraries, theaters, galleries... More than 1,700 cultural sites have been damaged over the past year and a half," the First Lady said. She also recalled that 3,428 educational institutions were damaged, 365 were completely destroyed, and a third of Ukrainian children study only online. In addition, 343 sports facilities were damaged, and 95 were completely destroyed. Over the past year and a half, about 360 well-known Ukrainian athletes and coaches were killed. "These are just numbers. But behind each of them is a story of loss. We are losing. The whole world is losing. For us, all these museums, churches, theaters are not just abstract sites. They are a part of us," the President's wife added. She also emphasized the irreparable human losses, the deaths of cultural figures. In particular, Olena Zelenska spoke about Iryna Osadcha, the director of the Kupyansk Museum of Local Lore, who was killed by a Russian missile at her workplace, 85-year-old artist Liubov Panchenko, who died after a month of starvation in occupied Bucha, and Volodymyr Vakulenko, a children's writer killed by the occupiers in Izyum. The First Lady compared it to the extermination of the Ukrainian intelligentsia – the shooting of more than 100 Ukrainian cultural and artistic figures in the Sandarmokh tract on November 3, 1937. She emphasized that Ukraine's defense against destruction lasts not a year and a half, but a century, and called on the organization to expand its mission in Ukraine. "What Ukraine is going through should not be a problem of Ukraine alone. This is a demo version of what modern barbarism is capable of if left unpunished. This is an attack not just on us, but on everything valuable to a normal person. It is an attack on civilization itself. The one that UNESCO so devotedly protects. It's just that today we are standing between barbarism and civilization. And we are trying to protect life from destruction, from obliteration. So that no one else loses either history or life," the President's wife summarized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine