8 captures 21 Aug 2023 - 15 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230821215103/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-ukrayinskim-vimushenim-pereselencyam-nikoli-n-85009 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are completing a historic visit to the Nordic countries with much-needed agreements - address by the President of Ukraine 21 August 2023 - 18:14 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with the President of Greece 21 August 2023 - 22:10 President of Ukraine following the meeting with Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis: Greece will take part in the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s 21 August 2023 - 21:37 Olena Zelenska: We are grateful to Denmark for understanding our struggle for life and freedom 21 August 2023 - 21:08 Joint Declaration of Ukraine and the Hellenic Republic on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 21 August 2023 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Hellenic Republic 21 August 2023 - 19:08 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska to Ukrainian forced migrants: Never doubt if Ukraine needs you 20 August 2023 - 22:45 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is on a working visit to the Kingdom of Denmark with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President's wife and Her Royal Highness Crown Princess Mary took part in the church service in the Cathedral of Haderslev. The service was held as a gesture of support for the Ukrainian people. The service was attended by the Ukrainian forced migrants who have found refuge in Denmark. The participants lit candles in memory of Ukrainian children who died because of Russian aggression. "I am grateful to Denmark for this gesture, for the opportunity to be here and for the daily support and assistance to Ukraine and Ukrainians. Denmark not only provides assistance in defense. It participates in the restoration of schools, hospitals, bomb shelters, water, heat and energy supply, supports the Ukrainian economy and the most affected regions, and condemns the abduction of Ukrainian children at the diplomatic level. And today, candles in these ancient walls are a symbol not only of remembrance, but also of common hope," the President's wife noted. During the meeting in the cathedral, Olena Zelenska and Crown Princess Mary met with Ukrainian and Danish volunteers who help temporary migrants from Ukraine with adaptation and accommodation. A meeting was also held with the family of Natalia Irza, a Ukrainian migrant from the village of Klavdiievo-Tarasove, Bucha district, Kyiv region. Natalia and her three children arrived in Haderslev at the end of May 2022. In Ukraine, she was an accountant and financier. In Denmark, she works in the field of elderly care. "In every country of my working visits, I always try to meet with our migrants and find out how they are doing. It is very important for us to know that our countrymen are not only safe, but also receive the necessary help and understanding. After Russia's full-scale invasion, the Ukrainian community in Denmark increased by almost 40 thousand people," the First Lady said. The President's wife emphasized that Ukrainian migrants today are ambassadors of the language, culture, history and modernity of our country. They show by their example how Ukrainians not only fight, but also live, overcome problems, and support each other. "I would like to say to all Ukrainian migrants, no matter where they ended up as a result of the war: never doubt if Ukraine needs you. You are Ukraine. Whatever each of us is, that's what Ukraine is. And it will be what we make it," Olena Zelenska summarized. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Denmark 20 August 2023 - 20:23 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Denmark 20 August 2023 - 20:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine