3 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 18 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101225257/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Winterization, Protection of Energy Facilities and Construction of School Shelters: the President Met with the USAID Administrator 2 October 2024 - 20:31 The main topics of discussion with Samantha Power included the implementation of projects aimed at strengthening Ukraine's energy grid, restoring critical infrastructure, enhancing air defense and building school shelters. Now, in All Areas and at All Levels, We Are Preparing Maximum Results for the State for this Fall – Address by the President 2 October 2024 - 20:10 Every week, in spite of everything, our warriors ensure really tangible damage to the occupier, and this is the most important thing – to exhaust the enemy and secure Ukraine's ability to convince our partners of the steps that can radically, strategically change the military situation. The President Met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine and Thanked Him for Strengthening Bilateral Relations 2 October 2024 - 19:56 The Head of State held a meeting with the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda before the end of his diplomatic mission. Andriy Yermak Took Part in Plenary Session of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 2 October 2024 - 11:34 Following the meeting, Ukraine and Canada approved a Joint Statement from the coalition co-chairs. The President Met with Leaders of the World’s Top Defense Companies 2 October 2024 - 11:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the heads and top executives of defense companies from partner countries as part of the second International Defense Industries Forum (DFNC2). Thanks to its Defense Industries, Ukraine Is Set to Become One of the Key Global Contributors to Security – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 October 2024 - 20:09 In the conditions of war, Ukrainians have managed to build a de facto new defense industry. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the Second International Forum of Defense Industries. Ukraine Can and Will Create the Best Weapons – President's Speech at the Second International Defense Industries Forum 1 October 2024 - 19:56 In the extremely difficult conditions of a full-scale war, under constant Russian attacks, Ukrainians have managed to build a de facto new defense industry. Today, everyone can witness this new Ukrainian capability. We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:28 The sense of justice – that Russian assets should work to defend against Russian aggression – is shared by all our partners. We need a common, effective mechanism. And this will not only contribute to Ukraine's resilience, it will also bring the right sense to the whole situation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Visited Wounded Servicemen and Honored Them with State Awards 1 October 2024 - 12:21 "Congratulations on your day – the Day of Defenders of Ukraine. Thank you for your service and for defending Ukraine. I wish you a speedy recovery, and together we will achieve victory," said the Head of State. Today Is the Day of Those Who Make Tomorrow Possible – President Congratulated the Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2024 - 11:22 On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored warriors with state awards, presented battle flags to brigades, and conferred honorary titles. The event was attended by leaders of Ukraine’s security and defense forces, Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak and his deputies, as well as ambassadors. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine