12 captures 30 Jun 2022 - 15 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220630130638/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-peregovori-z-prezidentom-indoneziyi-ya-76133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos 144 Ukrainian warriors were returned from Russian captivity, we will do everything to bring everyone home - address by the President of Ukraine 29 June 2022 - 22:53 View all videos n latest news 144 Ukrainian warriors were returned from Russian captivity, we will do everything to bring everyone home - address by the President of Ukraine 29 June 2022 - 22:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with British entrepreneur Richard Branson 29 June 2022 - 20:51 Creating a security guarantees mechanism for Ukraine will be an important step towards a new safe world - speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at the NATO Public Forum 29 June 2022 - 20:08 President held talks with the President of Indonesia who is visiting Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 18:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Indonesia in Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 16:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held talks with the President of Indonesia who is visiting Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 18:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo, who is on a visit to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Joko Widodo for coming to Ukraine and noted that this was the first visit of the President of Indonesia to our country in the history of diplomatic relations. "And this, by the way, is the first visit of the leader of the Asian state to Kyiv since the beginning of the full-scale Russian war. We really appreciate it and are thankful to you," the President said, addressing his Indonesian counterpart during a joint statement to the media following the negotiations. The President of Ukraine stressed the importance of Indonesia's role and Joko Widodo's personal authority in the international arena. "You are now representing in Kyiv both the Group of Twenty, which Indonesia currently chairs, and one of the most powerful associations in the world, ASEAN, which your country will chair next year," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to him, today's negotiations with the President of Indonesia were a step towards strengthening the global anti-war coalition of states that can restore and guarantee world stability. "Ukraine greatly appreciates the support of the Indonesian people and your personal support, Mr. President, in this time of war for freedom and independence of our state," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, expressing confidence that Ukraine would defend its freedom in the colonialist war started by Russia. The President of Ukraine thanked Joko Widodo for his unwavering support for the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of our state. "The facilitation of the chairman and member of the G20 is extremely important for the restoration of peace. I am grateful to you, Mr. President, for the personal invitation to take part in the G20 summit, and, of course, I accept the invitation. Ukraine's participation will depend on the security situation in the country and on the composition of participants," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. During the talks, the leaders of Ukraine and Indonesia discussed key issues on the global agenda. First of all, attention was paid to lifting the Russian blockade of Ukrainian seaports and resuming the export of domestic agricultural products in full. "Russia is blackmailing the world with hunger. It blocked the supply of food from Ukraine, which played a stabilizing role for the world market. Tens of millions of tons of grain from Ukraine should reach consumers, in particular the people of Indonesia," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The Head of State also announced an agreement to launch a visa-free regime between Ukraine and Indonesia. "It's good news. This is important for our nations from all points of view - for the economy, social development, education, human relations," said the President of Ukraine. The leaders also discussed the prospects for post-war reconstruction of our state. "I invite Indonesia, Indonesian companies, specialists to join the implementation of this project - the largest economic project of our time in Europe," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. For his part, Joko Widodo noted that today's visit of the Indonesian delegation to Ukraine is an expression of concern about the situation in the Ukrainian state. The President of Indonesia also stressed the importance of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's participation in the G20 summit to be held in Bali in November 2022. According to Joko Widodo, the purpose of his visit is also to help resolve the conflict between Ukraine and Russia. He said that he had a message to Volodymyr Zelenskyy and would soon meet with the President of the Russian Federation. The President of Indonesia said that the government of his country would do everything possible to provide assistance to Ukraine in the form of medications, as well as to participate in the reconstruction of the Kyiv region. Joko Widodo also stated that Ukraine is very important for world food security. Therefore, in his opinion, everything possible should be done to ensure unimpeded exports from Ukraine. The President of Indonesia stated that he supported the relevant efforts of the UN. Joko Widodo reminded that Ukraine and Indonesia have had diplomatic relations for 30 years, and assured of further commitment and willingness to continue them. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Indonesia in Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 16:35 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Indonesia in Kyiv 29 June 2022 - 16:35 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine