8 captures 10 Sep 2022 - 18 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220910190231/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-kolishnimi-poslami-ssha-v-ukrayin-77657 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos As of now, the Armed Forces of Ukraine liberate and take control of more than 30 settlements in Kharkiv region – address of President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 22:20 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak meets with former US ambassadors to Ukraine William Taylor and John Herbst 10 September 2022 - 20:54 Head of Office of President of Ukraine holds meeting with group of members of UK Parliament 10 September 2022 - 19:59 Andriy Yermak discusses support for Ukraine with representatives of Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights 10 September 2022 - 19:20 President holds another meeting of Supreme Commander-in-Chief Headquarters 10 September 2022 - 18:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of state awards to media representatives by the President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 14:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak meets with former US ambassadors to Ukraine William Taylor and John Herbst 10 September 2022 - 20:54 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the former ambassadors of the United States of America to Ukraine, William Taylor and John Herbst. Yermak thanked them for visiting our country and supporting us in this difficult and determinative time. "We greatly appreciate what you have done and are doing. We know all about it – what a great job you do supporting us," he said. The head of the Office of the President said that in recent days there has been a lot of positive information about the situation at the front, so it is now extremely important that this successful process does not stop. "For this, we need to know that we will continue receiving everything we need," Yermak said. He said that it was for this purpose that appropriate mechanisms were proposed so that Ukraine's partners were as far as possible informed about the state of affairs in the war and the use of military assistance. The head of the President's Office is convinced that today the level of relations between Ukraine and the United States, from which our country receives the most help in this war, is the highest in all the years of independence. For his part, Taylor said that he and John Herbst help Ukraine because they believe in our country and its citizens. Herbst expressed his belief that it is extremely important for the United States to be sure that Ukraine will win this war. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine