12 captures 19 Nov 2022 - 13 Jan 2026 Oct NOV Dec 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221119151953/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/diyi-rosiyi-pidtverdzhuyut-neobhidnist-uhvalennya-yevropejsk-79269 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos For peace to exist, we must make all elements of Russian aggression impossible - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 10:06 View all videos n latest news Russia's actions confirm need for European Parliament to adopt resolution designating Russia as state sponsor of terrorism – Ihor Zhovkva 19 November 2022 - 12:22 Andriy Yermak holds meeting with Isabelle Dumont 19 November 2022 - 11:41 For peace to exist, we must make all elements of Russian aggression impossible - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Halifax International Security Forum 19 November 2022 - 09:53 Nowhere on the frontline do we give in to the enemy, in certain areas we are preparing future successes - address by the President of Ukraine 18 November 2022 - 23:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 14 November 2022 - 13:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Russia's actions confirm need for European Parliament to adopt resolution designating Russia as state sponsor of terrorism – Ihor Zhovkva 19 November 2022 - 12:22 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with a delegation of the Greens/EFA Group in the European Parliament led by its Co-President Terry Reintke. The delegation also included members of the German Bundestag and the Parliament of Finland. The main focus of the meeting was on joint efforts to counter Russian armed aggression against Ukraine. Zhovkva briefed the members of the European Parliament in detail on the scale and consequences of Russia's massive strikes on the entire territory of Ukraine, which have already become a tradition for the aggressor country. "This behavior of Russia is a direct justification for the need for the European Parliament to adopt a resolution designating Russia as a state sponsor of terrorism. And this decision should be made next week," he said. The deputy head of the President's Office noted the efforts of the Greens/EFA Group in securing strong support of Ukraine from the European Parliament. The lobbying for a number of important initiatives in the parliament and among European countries by the MEPs of the group, aimed at conducting a proper investigation of Russian war crimes committed on the territory of Ukraine, creating a special tribunal to hold the leadership and citizens of Russia to account, as well as developing a mechanism for compensating by the Russian Federation for all damages caused to Ukraine due to the full-scale invasion, deserve special attention. "We are waiting for the European Union to expand financial assistance for Ukraine, and we are counting on your support for the provision of macro-financial assistance of EUR 18 million for 2023," Zhovkva said. The parties coordinated further joint efforts to strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities, as well as the participation of European countries in the rapid reconstruction and post-war reconstruction of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine