1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=41 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds phone talk with President of European Council 28 April 2023 - 18:32 The leaders of Ukraine and the EU discussed in detail the situation around the ban on the import of Ukrainian agricultural products by certain neighboring states. Joint Declaration by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová and President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel 28 April 2023 - 17:58 Presidents of Ukraine, the Slovak Republic and the Czech Republic met on 28 April 2023 in Kyiv, where three heads of states issued the following Joint Declaration. President held meetings with the Presidents of the Czech Republic and Slovakia 28 April 2023 - 16:04 ​President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held meetings with President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel and President of the Slovak Republic Zuzana Čaputová who are on a visit to our country. President and Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom discussed enhancement of defense support for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 08:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of the People’s Republic of China 26 April 2023 - 18:33 During a productive hour-long conversation, the heads of state discussed a full range of topical issues of bilateral relations. Special attention was paid to the ways of possible cooperation to establish a just and sustainable peace for Ukraine. President honored the memory of the victims of the Chornobyl disaster 26 April 2023 - 11:59 On the 37th anniversary of the Chornobyl nuclear power plant tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the liquidators who died as a result of the accident. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 25 April 2023 - 14:31 The participants of the meeting analyzed the state of providing the defense units of Ukraine with ammunition and weaponry. In addition, consideration of the issue of staffing and military equipment provision for the newly created brigades was held. President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Estonia visited Zhytomyr Polytechnic and talked to students 24 April 2023 - 19:21 The Head of State and the Prime Minister of Estonia visited the laboratories of telecommunications, radio communications, robotics, cybersecurity, digitization and mining-ecological laboratory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Kaja Kallas talked to the students and answered their questions. Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Estonia Kaja Kallas 24 April 2023 - 19:00 We reaffirm our support for the principles of international law, the inviolability of borders and the right of every state to choose its own path and security arrangements. We reiterate our demand that the Russian Federation immediately, completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. President held a coordination meeting on the situation in the Zhytomyr region 24 April 2023 - 17:56 As part of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy's working visit to the Zhytomyr region, a coordination meeting was held on the security, socio-economic and socio-political situation in the region attended by the heads of security and defense forces and law enforcement agencies. 1 2 ... 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine