7 captures 02 Jun 2022 - 20 Mar 2025 May JUN Jul 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220602204311/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pospilkuvalasya-z-pershoyu-ledi-latviyi-ta-dr-75565 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos President of Ukraine at the GLOBSEC International Security Forum in Bratislava: We must respond to all the challenges and dangers that Russia has created against us 2 June 2022 - 18:13 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska spoke with the First Lady of Latvia and the wife of the President of the European Council 2 June 2022 - 21:19 President received credentials from the Ambassadors of the United States, India and Moldova to Ukraine and started a new tradition of such ceremonies in St. Sophia's Cathedral 2 June 2022 - 20:46 Granting Ukraine EU candidate status will demonstrate unity of European states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 June 2022 - 18:25 President of Ukraine at the GLOBSEC International Security Forum in Bratislava: We must respond to all the challenges and dangers that Russia has created against us 2 June 2022 - 18:11 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of credentials to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy by ambassadors of foreign countries to Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 18:48 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska spoke with the First Lady of Latvia and the wife of the President of the European Council 2 June 2022 - 21:19 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held a conversation with First Lady of the Republic of Latvia Andra Levite and wife of the President of the European Council Amélie Derbaudrenghien. The interlocutors, in particular, discussed the National Program of Psychological Assistance to Ukrainian Victims of War and the program of prosthetics and rehabilitation of victims of hostilities. "Before the war, I was involved in programs on a barrier-free environment for all Ukrainians. It is obvious that after the war, the demand for a barrier-free environment - both physical and psychological - will increase, because we have many injured people both physically and psychologically. So we are already working to ensure that they have a full life," said Olena Zelenska. The wife of the President of Ukraine also discussed with the First Lady of Latvia the issue of education for Ukrainian children abroad. In particular, Andra Levite will present bilingual alphabets to Ukrainian children temporarily staying in Latvia. "This is a very nice contribution to the continuation of education for Ukrainian children, I am sure they will learn a new language. And it is very valuable for us that Latvia has supported our project "Books without Borders", when Ukrainian children's literature is published abroad under Ukrainian layouts. Our families often left with nothing at all, let alone books. And each of these books will be a bridge to home, to a quiet life for children," said Olena Zelenska. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine