6 captures 06 Nov 2024 - 10 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 06 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241106063134/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhavi-uchasnici-konferenciyi-v-monreali-vzyali-na-sebe-zo-94209 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The First Battles with North Korean Soldiers Open a New Page of Instability in the World – Address by the President 5 November 2024 - 20:42 View all videos n latest news The First Battles with North Korean Soldiers Open a New Page of Instability in the World – Address by the President 5 November 2024 - 20:38 Olena Zelenska: Alongside Our Trauma and Pain, Sometimes Even as Their Consequence, New Opportunities Arise 5 November 2024 - 14:34 The President’s Office Holds Meeting on Military Prosthetics 5 November 2024 - 12:49 Military Support, Investments in Ukraine’s Defense, and Protection of Energy Facilities: President Meets with Annalena Baerbock 4 November 2024 - 21:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Takes Part in the Event on Railway Workers' Day 4 November 2024 - 17:51 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 Following the Ministerial Conference on the Human Dimension of the Peace Formula in Montreal, participants approved a Joint Communiqué, with its central component being the Montreal Pledge, aimed at facilitating the return of all Ukrainian captives and deportees. The communiqué outlines a common set of principles that conference participants will follow, reaffirms unwavering support for Ukraine’s victory, and condemns any country assisting Russia’s aggression. In particular, the conference participants agreed to step up Ukraine's cooperation with partners and international organizations to address humanitarian issues and ensure compliance with the Geneva Conventions. One of the key points is to identify trusted mediating states for negotiations with Russia on the return of Ukrainian military, civilians, and children. It is also proposed to develop mechanisms that would allow Ukrainians in Russia to receive consular services with the help of intermediaries. Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrii Sybiha emphasized that the conference has yielded concrete outcomes, which many Ukrainian families have been awaiting. “We have secured commitments. We have established a network of specific countries that have pledged targeted assistance in the return of children,” he stated at the closing press conference. Andrii Sybiha also called it extremely important that the international community is ready to help establish the whereabouts of Ukrainian prisoners of war. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada Mélanie Joly noted that Qatar, the Vatican, the Republic of South Africa, Lithuania, and the United Arab Emirates have made specific commitments on the return of deported children and captives to Ukraine. “I want to thank Qatar, the Vatican, and South Africa for their role as intermediaries in negotiating the return of children. I also thank Qatar and Lithuania for serving as transit countries in returning these children home. I am grateful to the UAE for continuing as a mediator in the negotiations on the exchange of prisoners of war,” Mélanie Joly said. In addition, a group of countries will be formed to cooperate with Ukraine in searching for information on captured Ukrainians, including children, and to assist in data collection and verification. The conference participants also pledged to support Ukraine in the reintegration of returnees. In addition, information about Russia's unlawful detention and ill-treatment of Ukrainian civilians and prisoners of war, deportation and forcible transfer of children will be spread through strategic communication campaigns. Norway’s Minister of Foreign Affairs Espen Barth Eide underscored the importance for international humanitarian organizations to have access to Ukrainian prisoners of war and to play a role in returning deported children. “We must demonstrate our resolve in this work. It will be a major contribution to implementing the ten points of the Peace Formula,” he noted. With this event, Ukraine and dozens of partner nations conclude a series of thematic conferences focused on specific points of the Peace Formula. Between August and November, nine such meetings took place, each resulting in a Joint Communiqué. Based on these efforts, work will now begin on developing proposals for the second Peace Summit. Over 70 countries and international organizations participated in this conference. The full text of the approved Joint Communiqué on the Human Dimension is available via the link below. JOINT COMMUNIQUÉ ON THE HUMAN DIMENSION - pdf - 114.31 kb ph 31 October 2024 - 00:00 ph 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine