6 captures 12 Oct 2020 - 13 Jun 2024 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323155213/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-polyah-samitu-ukrayina-yevropejskij-soyuz-pidpisano-nizku-64317 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 A website for targeted humanitarian aid in Ukraine has been created - President 23 March 2022 - 09:19 The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:02 Speech by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak at Chatham House 22 March 2022 - 22:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events A number of bilateral documents have been signed within the Ukraine-EU Summit 6 October 2020 - 19:55 A number of bilateral documents were signed in Brussels within the XXII Ukraine-EU Summit in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Council Charles Michel. Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine for European and Euro-Atlantic Integration Olha Stefanishyna and Member of the European Commission for European Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations Olivér Várhelyi signed an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the European Commission on financing the EU's Strong Regions Program. The document should help attract EU assistance to increase Ukraine's resilience, in particular to hybrid threats and destabilizing situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and Ukraine's capacity to establish peace. The total EU contribution under the Agreement is € 30 million. Olha Stefanishyna and Olivér Várhelyi also signed an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the European Commission on financing the Ukraine’s Civil Society Development Mechanism. The document aims to attract the EU’s assistance to strengthen democracy in Ukraine. The total EU contribution under the Agreement is € 20 million. In addition, Olha Stefanishyna and Olivér Várhelyi signed an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the European Commission on financing the Climate Package for a Stable Economy: (CASE) in Ukraine. The agreement provides for the development and implementation of policies and measures that effectively support the transition to climate-neutral, clean, resource-efficient and secure energy supply and consumption; supporting climate change mitigation by reducing emissions of greenhouse gases and ozone-depleting substances; stimulating the transition to a clean and circular economy. The total EU contribution under the Agreement is € 10 million. Minister for Communities and Territories Development of Ukraine Oleksiy Chernyshov and Vice-President of the European Investment Bank Teresa Czerwińska signed an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the European Investment Bank (EIB) on financing the “Energy Efficiency of Public Buildings in Ukraine” project. The purpose of the Agreement is to attract assistance from the European Investment Bank to finance measures aimed at improving the process of thermal modernization of public buildings in Ukraine. The total contribution of the EIB under the Agreement is € 300 million. Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine Vladyslav Krykliy and Vice-President of the European Investment Bank Lilyana Pavlova signed a Guarantee Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and the European Investment Bank (EIB) "Logistics Network (Modernization and Digitization of Ukrposhta)". The signing of the document will ensure the purchase of sorting equipment (automatic crossbelt sorting line with a capacity of 12 thousand units per hour, posisorter sorting line, two Oprisorter sorting lines, semi-automatic roller conveyors, gravity conveyors, IT servers and peripherals), creation of 3 sorting objects (in particular, construction of a hub in Lviv) and 22 sorting depots in total (in particular, construction of depots in 6 cities), introduction of automatic tracking of cargo movement. The total amount of funds for the implementation of the project, according to EIB experts, is € 30 million (excluding VAT). CEO of Ukrposhta JSC Ihor Smilyanskyi and Vice-President of the European Investment Bank Lilyana Pavlova signed a Financial Agreement “Logistics Network (Modernization and Digitization of Ukrposhta)”. Thanks to the loan, Ukrposhta is modernizing its logistics network by building 3 new sorting centers, 20 post offices and the relevant IT infrastructure. ph Participation in the 22nd Ukraine-EU Summit 6 October 2020 - 18:19 ph Participation in the 22nd Ukraine-EU Summit 6 October 2020 - 18:19 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine