1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031840/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=35 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine meets with Prime Minister of the UK in Japan 20 May 2023 - 12:42 The Head of State thanked the British Prime Minister for the leadership of the United Kingdom in the international fighter jet coalition. President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of Iraq in Jeddah 19 May 2023 - 18:32 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Prime Minister of Iraq in Jeddah In Saudi Arabia, the President met with the heads of delegations of the UAE, Oman and Kuwait 19 May 2023 - 17:21 The Head of State informed on the situation at the front and repulsion of full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation by our state. In Saudi Arabia, President of Ukraine met with Crown Prince, Prime Minister Mohammed bin Salman Al Saud 19 May 2023 - 14:58 The President of Ukraine informed the interlocutor about the security situation in our country and counteraction to the Russian aggressor. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke about the main elements of the Ukrainian peace initiative – the Peace Formula aimed at stopping the war and restoring peace. President at the meeting with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people: Ukraine is doing everything possible for the liberation of Crimea and victory over the Russian aggressor 18 May 2023 - 15:51 On the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Genocide of the Crimean Tatar People, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Mejlis of the Crimean Tatar people. President of Ukraine on the results of his visits to Italy, Germany, France and the UK: Agreements on powerful defense packages were reached 15 May 2023 - 15:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the priority of his visits to European capitals was to prepare for active actions of the Ukrainian Armed Forces at the front to liberate the occupied territories. At this crucial moment for our people, the whole of the United Kingdom stands with Ukraine – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Rishi Sunak 15 May 2023 - 15:38 During his visit to the United Kingdom, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and the French Republic 15 May 2023 - 01:35 France supports Ukraine’s initiative for a just and sustainable peace based on Ukraine’s sovereignty and territorial integrity. President of Ukraine met with President of France in Paris 15 May 2023 - 01:29 The meeting focused on France's military assistance to Ukraine, in particular, the priority needs of our country to strengthen its defense capabilities and protect Ukrainian skies. The Charlemagne Prize, which this year was awarded to the Ukrainian people for their contribution to strengthening European unity and defending freedom, was presented in Aachen 14 May 2023 - 23:57 In the German city of Aachen, the International Charlemagne Prize was awarded to the Ukrainian people for their contribution to strengthening European unity and defending freedom on the European continent. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the award on behalf of Ukrainians. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine