5 captures 20 Mar 2024 - 19 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240320233658/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-i-dzhejk-sallivan-obgovorili-v-kiyevi-prodovzh-89777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Putin must lose, and this is a matter of life and death for the democratic world – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2024 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news Putin must lose, and this is a matter of life and death for the democratic world – address by the President of Ukraine 20 March 2024 - 22:50 In Kyiv, Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan discussed further U.S. support for Ukraine and preparations for the Global Peace Summit 20 March 2024 - 22:06 President of Ukraine and Minister of Defense of the Netherlands discussed ways to enhance defense capabilities of Ukraine 20 March 2024 - 17:59 Justice must become the new global rule supported by the global unity – speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the 3rd Summit for Democracy 20 March 2024 - 17:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards to athletes - winners and medalists of the XX Winter Deaflympics 16 March 2024 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office In Kyiv, Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan discussed further U.S. support for Ukraine and preparations for the Global Peace Summit 20 March 2024 - 22:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan discussed further U.S. support for Ukraine in the fight against full-scale Russian aggression and preparations for the first Global Peace Summit. According to Andriy Yermak, the talks focused on the situation at the front and Ukraine's current needs. "Today I heard once again from Mr. Sullivan about unequivocal support from the United States, about bipartisan support. We know for sure that President Biden's administration, the entire team, and Jake himself are doing everything possible to pass the much-needed aid package," he said at a briefing after the meeting with Jake Sullivan. At the same time, the Head of the President's Office noted that the United States, which is a strategic partner of Ukraine, even in the face of the delay in the approval of the military aid package in the Congress, found an opportunity to provide a new $300 million defense support package to our country. During the negotiations, Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan also discussed preparations for the NATO Summit in Washington and the inaugural Global Peace Summit. "Jake personally has been supporting our idea from the very beginning. He has been advocating for the idea with other countries, including the Global South," said the Head of the Presidential Office. In his opinion, it is necessary to further actively bring the Global Peace Summit closer, as the number of countries supporting it is growing. This means that today Ukraine is uniting the world, and Russia should not be allowed to divide it. "I am grateful to our American partners for helping us with this and hearing us," said Andriy Yermak. Answering journalists' questions, the Head of the President's Office also emphasized that today the Ukrainian and American sides have the same plan – to win this war and do everything for this. "We always say very specific things on behalf of our presidents. And a lot of things in our conversations and consultations help to make appropriate decisions. We will continue to do this, and today it was very important to make such a synchronization of watches," he said. For his part, Jake Sullivan emphasized that two years after the beginning of Russia's attack on Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, our country still stands, primarily due to the bravery and dedication of the Ukrainian people. "And today I want to tell you that we believe in you. We believe that you will win. That you will build a brighter future for Ukraine, a stronger democracy, a resilient country that will be able to repel future aggressions. We will be your partner in all these dimensions. You should also believe in the United States. We have stood by your side since the beginning of this war. We have provided tremendous support. And we continue to do it every day in the ways we can," he said. In his opinion, Ukraine should emerge from the war sovereign, united and able to withstand future aggression, with strong democratic institutions and a growing economy. "Not only traditional industries, but also high-tech. Because you innovate even during an invasion," the U.S. Presidential Advisor added. Jake Sullivan emphasized that the leader of the United States is fighting every day for the adoption of a $60 billion aid package by the House of Representatives, which has already been passed by the Senate. "And we are confident that we will be able to get it and provide it to Ukraine," he emphasized. The U.S. Presidential Advisor emphasized the need to provide military support and weapons so that brave Ukrainian soldiers can effectively defend their country on the battlefield. There is also intelligence, economic cooperation, diplomacy, and work on democratic and economic reforms. "This is a holistic approach that our President is leading and that is a key priority for the United States to ensure that Ukraine not only prevails, but succeeds in the long run, and is able to withstand. And it's not just something that Ukraine deserves, it's also in the national security interest of the United States," Jake Sullivan said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine