5 captures 14 Aug 2023 - 10 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230814204327/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-donechchini-volodimir-zelenskij-pobuvav-v-osnovnomu-koman-84873 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 View all videos n latest news Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 In Donetsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the main command post of the Soledar operational and tactical group and awarded the defenders of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 19:09 The Head of State visited the stabilization point where the defenders wounded in the Bakhmut sector are undergoing treatment 14 August 2023 - 18:29 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades engaged in offensive actions within the Soledar operational and tactical group 14 August 2023 - 17:40 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 14 August 2023 - 17:29 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Donetsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the main command post of the Soledar operational and tactical group and awarded the defenders of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 19:09 During a working trip to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the main command post of the Soledar operational and tactical group and presented state awards. The Head of State listened to the report of Brigadier General Artem Bohomolov on the operational situation and interaction of brigades in the area of responsibility of the Soledar operational and tactical group. The President presented state awards to the servicemen who distinguished themselves in the battles in the Bakhmut sector. The warriors were awarded the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytskyi of the II and III degrees and the Orders "For Courage" of the II and III degrees for personal courage and selfless actions in the defense of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. "I wish you all only victory. I wish you to take care of yourself and your subordinates. Our future depends on you. Once again, I want to congratulate you and award you with all my heart. You will definitely win, and thanks to you, the whole of Ukraine will win. Thank you from all of us, from the people of Ukraine. The main thing is to take care of yourselves and go forward to victory. Glory to Ukraine!" Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State also visited the optoelectronic shooting range, which allows mastering the main types of small arms and portable weapons of post-Soviet and Western models. The availability of such a shooting range helps to significantly reduce the training time for military personnel. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 14 August 2023 - 17:29 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Donetsk region 14 August 2023 - 17:29 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine