4 captures 05 Oct 2024 - 11 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241005222140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=06-09-2023&date-to=06-09-2024&page=78 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everything Outlined in the Victory Plan is Absolutely Realistic for Our Partners – Address by the President 5 October 2024 - 20:24 View all videos n latest news Everything Outlined in the Victory Plan is Absolutely Realistic for Our Partners – Address by the President 5 October 2024 - 20:22 Strengthening of Air Defense, Reconstruction of Energy Facilities and Enterprises: President Met with Representatives of the Sumy Region's Communities 4 October 2024 - 21:58 In Sumy, the President Visited Wounded Warriors and Honored Them with State Awards 4 October 2024 - 19:51 Where There Is a School, There Is Confidence in the Future: President Met with Educators from Border Areas 4 October 2024 - 19:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Sumy region 4 October 2024 - 15:21 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President met with Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Foreign Affairs of Italy 2 October 2023 - 18:38 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised Italy's accession to the coalition for demining Ukraine and the IT coalition. Head of State discussed Ukrainian grain exports and support for Ukraine with the President of the European Commission 2 October 2023 - 17:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Ursula von der Leyen discussed alternative export corridors for Ukrainian agricultural products. President had a meeting with High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy 2 October 2023 - 17:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy commended the holding of the first-ever offsite meeting of the EU Foreign Ministers in Kyiv. President awarded the Foreign Ministers of Ireland, Italy, Romania, Denmark and France 2 October 2023 - 16:40 During the meeting of the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the Foreign Ministers of Ireland, Italy, Romania, Denmark, and France. Ukraine's resilience is the future resilience of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with EU Foreign Ministers 2 October 2023 - 16:15 As part of his participation in the offsite meeting of the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with the heads of foreign ministries the topical issues of support for our country during the war, integration into the EU, implementation of the Peace Formula and the establishment of an international tribunal to punish the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 15:15 In his speech, the Head of State noted that today's offsite meeting of the EU Foreign Ministers is not only a significant manifestation of solidarity with Ukraine, but also a new step towards strengthening Europe, adding to its leadership and initiative. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President presented state awards and took part in the oath taking by military lyceum students 1 October 2023 - 14:38 "Today, on a special day, we have a special mission. A mission of gratitude. A mission of loyalty. The ceremony of presenting state awards of Ukraine to those who distinguished themselves in its defense. And the solemn oath of our military lyceum students, who have yet to gain the respect of the Ukrainian people. Respect that has to be earned. But it will be absolute when you earn it with dignity," the Head of State said. We must turn every opportunity into bringing our victory closer – and victory will come – Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2023 - 13:17 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, which is celebrated in our country on October 1 from now on. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President honored the memory of warriors perished for the homeland 1 October 2023 - 11:45 The Head of State laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. President of Ukraine meets with Defense Minister of Slovakia 30 September 2023 - 10:50 The President noted the high level of the defense industry of Slovakia, which is of great interest for Ukraine. 1 2 ... 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 ... 84 85 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine