5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 11 Dec 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101190641/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak Met with Leadership of the National Democratic Institute 12 September 2024 - 19:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with President of the National Democratic Institute Tamara Cofman Wittes and Senior Resident Country Director for the National Democratic Institute in Ukraine Dr. Marcin Piotr Walecki. Andriy Yermak Met with the President of the Munich Security Conference 12 September 2024 - 12:49 The parties discussed cooperation with Ukraine's partners. In particular, Andriy Yermak spoke about President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent talks with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Kyiv and meetings with allies in the Ramstein format. On October 30-31, Canada Will Host a Conference on the Release of Prisoners and Deported Ukrainians 12 September 2024 - 09:49 The participants of the video meeting discussed the format of the event, the list of countries that will be invited to participate, the agenda and the expected outcomes. The Kingdom of Norway will co-organize the event with Canada. Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General for Operations 11 September 2024 - 18:57 The Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office highly commended the decision of NATO countries to allocate financial assistance to our country worth EUR 40 billion next year and stressed the need for its timely delivery, taking into account the situation on the battlefield. Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak Introduced New Deputy Heads and Spoke About Their Areas of Work 10 September 2024 - 17:17 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak introduced his new Deputies, Iryna Vereshchuk and Viktor Mykyta, during a meeting with the heads of regional state administrations. Andriy Yermak: This War Is a Test for the Entire World 9 September 2024 - 22:43 Russia’s aggression against Ukraine impacts not only our country but also the global situation. Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak made this statement during a conversation with representatives of Latin American media. Preparation for the Second Peace Summit and Implementation of the Bilateral Security Agreement: Meeting with the Japanese Delegation at the Office of the President 9 September 2024 - 20:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Katsura Kitagawa in the framework of his first visit to Ukraine. The meeting was held in continuation of the dialogue between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida. Ukraine Is Committed to Cooperation and Fulfills All Obligations to the IMF – Iryna Mudra 7 September 2024 - 14:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra discussed with representatives of the International Monetary Fund mission the key reforms necessary for the fifth review of the EFF financing program. The Second Thematic Conference in the Wake of the Peace Summit Was Held on the Food Security 4 September 2024 - 21:55 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a thematic conference on the implementation of the agreements reached at the Global Peace Summit; the conference was dedicated to the implementation of the Food Security point of the Peace Formula. It was held online. The Office of the President Held Briefings for the U.S. Delegation on the Battlefield Situation, Ukraine's Arms Needs and Sanctions Against the Russian Federation 4 September 2024 - 21:45 The Ukrainian side held briefings for the U.S. delegation on the security situation in the face of Russia's full-scale aggression, the development of Ukraine's Defense Forces capabilities, and the sanctions policy. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine