6 captures 26 Apr 2021 - 25 Feb 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070707/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-z-gendirektorom-magate-pitannya-yad-68145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President discussed nuclear safety issues in Ukraine and European region with IAEA Director General 26 April 2021 - 16:25 The Ukrainian state is working on the development of the nuclear industry to ensure energy security and synchronization of the national energy system with the energy system of the European Union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv. "Today I can confidently say that Ukraine is determined to develop its nuclear energy," the President said. In particular, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that our country plans to switch to the use of modern nuclear reactors, including small modular reactors SMR-160, as it aims to localize technological production for SMR-160 in Ukraine. The President called the visit of Rafael Mariano Grossi to Ukraine on the 35th anniversary of the Chornobyl accident symbolic. The President thanked the IAEA and the international community for their attention to the Chornobyl issue since the first days of the tragedy at the nuclear power plant, as well as for their support in overcoming its consequences. "This applies not only to the implementation of technical assistance projects, but also to the exchange of experience and knowledge. I’d like to note the special role of knowledge in nuclear energy. Today, our experts have unique experience in the field of nuclear safety and nuclear decommissioning. Ukraine is ready to share this knowledge with the IAEA so that such accidents never happen again," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. He noted that the Chornobyl disaster has changed the perception of nuclear energy in the world, and now Ukraine is changing the perception of the disaster itself. Ukrainian experts are trying to give new life to the Chornobyl zone, which is a unique object where nature is gradually being revived after the manmade catastrophe. The President expressed hope that after the end of the COVID-19 pandemic, the head of the IAEA, as well as scientists, environmentalists, historians and tourists from around the world will be able to see it with their own eyes. "We are also transforming the destroyed fourth power unit into an environmentally friendly system step by step. To do this, we have implemented an unprecedented engineering project - built an arch of a new safe confinement. We are completing the construction of a centralized spent nuclear fuel storage facility, which will increase the level of nuclear safety and ensure greater energy independence," the President added. In addition, Ukraine has received a license for the industrial operation of the spent nuclear fuel storage facility SNFSF-2, which will store spent nuclear fuel from the first, second and third power units for 100 years, he said. Separately, the President drew attention to security issues both in Ukraine and in the European region in the context of nuclear safety. In particular, with regard to the seizure by Russia during the occupation of part of our territory of nuclear facilities and materials in Crimea, which are owned by Ukraine and subject to IAEA guarantees, and the Young Communar mine in the Donetsk region where the situation is currently dangerous and threatens the environment due to the cessation of drainage works in 2018. "Neither the competent authorities of Ukraine nor the IAEA have had access to nuclear facilities and materials for seven years. The lack of such information is a problem that has no borders, and its consequences will have no boundaries," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. At the same time, he stressed that Ukraine remains committed to its international obligations in the nuclear field and aims to restore the application of IAEA guarantees in the occupied territories. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of the Chornobyl accident 26 April 2021 - 14:19 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the 35th anniversary of the Chornobyl accident 26 April 2021 - 14:19 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine