10 captures 15 Apr 2023 - 12 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230415222158/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vidvidala-vidkrittya-novogo-medichnogo-centru-82281 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:07 View all videos n latest news We will restore justice as a memory of all those whose lives were taken by Russia – address of President of Ukraine 15 April 2023 - 21:08 Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 Olena Zelenska attends opening of new Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center in Lviv 14 April 2023 - 21:55 Head of President's Office meets with UK Ambassador to Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 20:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Employee of the Defense and Industrial Complex of Ukraine 13 April 2023 - 17:05 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska attends opening of new Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center in Lviv 14 April 2023 - 21:55 During a working trip to Lviv region, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska visited a number of medical institutions and attended the opening of the Superhumans prosthetics and rehabilitation medical center. Thus, the wife of the President together with Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, Head of the Coordinating Center for Mental Health Oksana Zbitneva, Project Development and Regional Coordination Director of the Coordinating Center for Mental Health Iryna Mykytchak with the participation of Head of Lviv Regional Military Administration Maksym Kozytsky visited the municipal non-profit enterprise of the Lviv Regional Council "West Ukrainian Specialized Children's Medical Center" (the director is Andriy Syniuta). With the funds raised by the Embassy of Ukraine in the UK during a charity auction with the support of Zelenska, modern diagnostic and laboratory equipment was purchased for the institution. The total sum spent on the purchase was over UAH 45 million. The guests also visited the mental health clinic for children, adolescents and youth at the West Ukrainian Specialized Children's Medical Center under the leadership of Lesia Pidlisetska. Since 2022, the institution has been actively working within the framework of the National Mental Health Program initiated by the First Lady. Also, at the initiative of the President's wife, in 2022 the clinic's specialists completed a training course at the Israeli Trauma and Resiliency Center NATAL, which specializes in helping with war- and terror-related trauma and stress. The clinic has implemented the program entitled "Support Groups for Parents "Children and the War" with the assistance of the Office of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) in Ukraine. The clinic diagnoses neurodevelopmental disorders (war-related compulsive and anxiety disorders, depression, etc.), and adolescent disorders, and promotes staying healthy among adolescents and young people. During the full-scale invasion, the clinic's specialists provided 1,270 consultations to patients aged from two to 72 years. In addition, the First Lady, Minister of Health Viktor Liashko, Minister of Social Policy of Ukraine Oksana Zholnovych, and the authorized advisor to the President of Ukraine on barrier-free issues, Tetiana Lomakina, visited the state-funded rehabilitation institution "Halychyna Center for Complex Rehabilitation for Persons with Disabilities" (the director is Hryhoriy Dunas). Since April 2022, 625 people have been rehabilitated at the center, including 185 servicemen with prosthetics. The Halychyna Center has entered into an agreement with the National Health Service of Ukraine and provides rehabilitation services to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with upper and lower limb amputations, followed by prosthetics. Currently, 247 servicemen undergo rehabilitation and prosthetics at the institution. A prosthetics laboratory has been created on the basis of the center together with the Kharkiv Institute of Prosthetics. "Each defender has his own unique story of war, struggle with an attacker, injury. Now, our joint task is to create a story of recovery and new opportunities for them. Because this is what real effective gratitude looks like," Zelenska said. During the trip, the First Lady, together with Minister of Health of Ukraine Viktor Liashko, Minister of Solidarity and Health of France Brigitte Bourguignon, Head of Lviv Regional Military Administration Maksym Kozytsky participated in the opening of the world-class national medical center for Ukrainians with complex war injuries Superhumans. Free prosthetics, rehabilitation, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) treatment, and reconstructive surgery will be provided here. The first stage of the center is located on the territory of the Lviv Regional Hospital for War Veterans and Repressed Persons named after Yuriy Lypa. It has independent management. Superhumans uses a comprehensive approach to treatment and strives to change the perception of Ukrainians who have suffered complex injuries and lost limbs and psychological approach to them. Prostheses will be produced and assembled here in-house – the prosthetics laboratory was created with the participation of the leading German company Ottobock. The rehabilitation department has a large swimming pool and multifunctional facilities for physical therapy. Zelenska and Liashko are members of the Superhumans supervisory board. "Superhumans is not only about modern prosthetics. This is an initiative to restore opportunities in the broadest sense – physical and psychological. It is about recovery. Because when one person gets stronger, we all get stronger. And now we have a literal, not metaphorical, place of strength, where people, and therefore the country, are being recovered," the President's wife said. The First Lady said that the center was designed and renovated with a focus on maximum accessibility for everyone: people in wheelchairs, with prostheses, and with visual and hearing impairments. "Accessibility is another feature of Superhumans, which means a lot to me personally because I have been involved in accessibility for a long time. Superhumans will set barrier-free standards for all medical facilities in Ukraine. And for the country in general, because in my opinion, a recovered Ukraine is a country where people's development is not limited by age, physical condition, prejudice, or finances," Zelenska said. She thanked the patrons of the project – world-famous philanthropists Howard Buffett, whose $16.3 million contribution enabled Superhumans to open the first stage of the medical center, and Richard Branson. The second phase of the facility with a surgical department and an inpatient unit will be launched by the end of 2023. "Something about the name. It's not just a project name anymore. This, in my opinion, is a social contract expressed in one word. A philosophy worthy not only of the clinic, but also of the country. Superheroes instead of victims. Superpower instead of limited capabilities. We want to build not only a super clinic, but a super country for Ukrainians. Because they are all superhumans," Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine