4 captures 15 Apr 2024 - 07 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240415152805/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chotiri-ukrayinskih-zakladi-vishoyi-osviti-priyednalisya-do-90257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Assistance to Ukraine is Still Limited, and Russia Still Has Access to Missile Components – Address by the President 14 April 2024 - 20:42 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Starting a Business in Ukraine Now Means Jobs, Return of Forced Migrants Home, and a Sense of Prospects for Entire Regions 15 April 2024 - 16:45 Assistance to Ukraine is Still Limited, and Russia Still Has Access to Missile Components – Address by the President 14 April 2024 - 20:39 Germany Will Provide Us With Another Patriot System, And We Are Working on an Additional IRIS-T System — Address of the President of Ukraine 13 April 2024 - 20:47 The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Call with Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz 13 April 2024 - 16:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Ukraine's Defense and Industrial Complex Employees Day 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Four Ukrainian Higher Education Institutions Join the Dual Degree Program with UK Universities 12 April 2024 - 15:20 In total, 10 national higher education institutions are already participating in the initiative, said the Advisor-Commissioner of the President on issues of the President of Ukraine's Fund for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports Olha Budnyk. The dual degree program is being implemented under the auspices of the President of Ukraine's Fund and as part of the Twinning initiative. It offers students with the opportunity to earn a Master's degree from both a Ukrainian and a British university, and allows the institutions to share their experiences. Approximately 200 students are already enrolled in the program. "The number of higher education institutions that have joined the program has almost doubled since its launch. On the one hand, this indicates the high level of educational services: we are not inferior to many European universities in terms of quality. It also shows the perspectives: we are indeed the equal partners of the UK universities, and they are willing to strengthen cooperation with Ukrainian higher education institutions," said Olha Budnyk. The Ukrainian-UK dual degree initiative was launched last year. Six Ukrainian higher education institutions immediately joined it. This year, following the results of the grant competition, four more universities joined the program: Yaroslav Mudryi National Law University, Ukrainian State University of Railway Transport, Alfred Nobel University and Kharkiv National University of Radio Electronics. They will train specialists in computer engineering, artificial intelligence development, cybersecurity, logistics, and urban planning. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine