14 captures 24 Jan 2023 - 06 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230124212709/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-ukrayini-duzhe-vazhlivo-shob-bilorus-ne-vtratila-svoyey-80589 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Officials will no longer be able to travel abroad for non-governmental purposes - President's address 23 January 2023 - 22:47 View all videos n latest news World country music star Brad Paisley became an ambassador of the United24 platform and supported the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction 24 January 2023 - 18:50 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is very important for Ukraine that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war 24 January 2023 - 17:19 I am grateful to Finland for understanding that we need to remain resilient and move together towards victory in this war - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Sauli Niinistö in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:38 Officials will no longer be able to travel abroad for non-governmental purposes - President's address 23 January 2023 - 22:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is very important for Ukraine that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war 24 January 2023 - 17:19 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed belief that Belarus has no desire to join the war against Ukraine unleashed by Russia, however the Ukrainian defense forces are preparing for any security challenges. He said this during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with President of Finland Sauli Niinistö in Kyiv. "We were not going to and are not going to attack Belarus. This is the main signal from the entire Ukrainian people to the Belarusian people. It is very important for us that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war despite anyone’s influence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, answering journalists' questions. The President of Ukraine is convinced that the majority of Belarusian citizens and servicemen are unwilling to use weapons against the Ukrainian people. At the same time, the Head of State does not rule out such a challenge given the presence of Russian troops in Belarus. "Our task for the military is to prepare for any challenges. This is not easy, so we need the help of our partners, because our territory is very large. That is why we have restrictions on the amount of ammunition. Therefore, we have to prepare for any challenges," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Finland for its assistance to Ukraine in the security sphere. The Head of State also expressed hope that Finland would support Ukraine on its path to NATO membership. "Today we talked about the creation of a separate platform to strengthen Ukraine with armored vehicles, including tanks. I am very pleased that Finland will take its appropriate place there," the Head of State said. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine