7 captures 11 Dec 2023 - 15 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231211092648/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=179 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The peoples of Ukraine and Argentina above all value freedom, their identity, and strive to live with dignity – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 December 2023 - 01:29 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to Argentina 10 December 2023 - 15:51 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – At the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology, the President talked to the doctors and Ukrainian soldiers undergoing treatment there 3 June 2022 - 17:19 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology and congratulated its employees on the 50th anniversary of the institution. We have already started working on new sanctions packages against Russia, it will pay the full price for the destruction of the lives of neighbors - address by the President of Ukraine 2 June 2022 - 23:58 The longer the war lasts, the more vile, shameful and cynical things Russia inscribes in its history forever. Olena Zelenska spoke with the First Lady of Latvia and the wife of the President of the European Council 2 June 2022 - 21:19 The interlocutors, in particular, discussed the National Program of Psychological Assistance to Ukrainian Victims of War and the program of prosthetics and rehabilitation of victims of hostilities. President received credentials from the Ambassadors of the United States, India and Moldova to Ukraine and started a new tradition of such ceremonies in St. Sophia's Cathedral 2 June 2022 - 20:46 The ceremony of presenting credentials took place on the territory of the National Reserve "Sophia of Kyiv" with the participation of representatives of all foreign countries, whose embassies have already resumed work in Ukraine. Granting Ukraine EU candidate status will demonstrate unity of European states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 June 2022 - 18:25 Ukraine expects to be granted the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union, as this decision will be a demonstration of the unity of European countries and will give our country additional motivation to defend democratic values. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the GLOBSEC International Security Forum. President of Ukraine at the GLOBSEC International Security Forum in Bratislava: We must respond to all the challenges and dangers that Russia has created against us 2 June 2022 - 18:11 Politics, economics, military sphere, food, environment, migration - there is no area of our lives in which there is no catastrophe, crisis or threat of catastrophe or crisis due to Russia's actions. The quality of our answers directly depends on only one thing - our unity. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny discussed new package of military aid for Ukraine with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 2 June 2022 - 15:58 Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny thanked the United States for its assistance and raised the issue of the needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine to repel Russia's armed aggression. President of Ukraine and Palantir CEO discussed cooperation in the defense and security sector 2 June 2022 - 15:44 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov had a meeting with Palantir CEO Alex Karp. The parties discussed issues of further cooperation in the field of defense and security, as well as digitization. Sanctions pressure on Russia should be continued and a full embargo on Russian energy should be imposed to force the Kremlin to end the war against Ukraine - Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group 2 June 2022 - 15:05 “We call for solidarity and determination, not just loud rhetoric. We must not stop at the sanctions pressure, this is the only way to force the Kremlin to end the war against Ukraine,” the statement reads. Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg 2 June 2022 - 13:30 We must show that European unity outweighs any doubt about Europe's ability to defend its values. Ukraine has de facto become part of the European Union. We are already cooperating both bilaterally and at the EU level on a scale commensurate with full membership. What can prove this better than the fact that we protect each other? 1 2 ... 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine