22 captures 23 Apr 2022 - 16 Oct 2025 Mar APR May 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220423215307/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-lishe-pitannya-chasu-koli-vsi-rosijski-vbivci-otrimayut-s-74521 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Armed Forces of Ukraine are the foundation on which the fortress of our national unity should stand - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 April 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news It is only a matter of time before all Russian murderers receive a fair response to their crimes - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2022 - 00:24 Ukraine is interested in Pope Francis' involvement in saving people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 April 2022 - 22:41 Everyone who gave criminal orders to kill civilians of Ukraine will get a fair punishment - President 23 April 2022 - 22:19 Ukraine has become a state that knows that it needs to defend its land - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 April 2022 - 21:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Q&A event for international and Ukrainian media 23 April 2022 - 21:11 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is only a matter of time before all Russian murderers receive a fair response to their crimes - address by the President of Ukraine 24 April 2022 - 00:24 Today I will begin my evening address to you without greetings. Today Russia launched another missile strike at Ukraine, at Odesa. As of now - 8 dead. At least 18 wounded. Ordinary peaceful people. Among those killed was a 3-month-old baby girl. How did she threaten Russia? It seems that killing children is just a new national idea of the Russian Federation. The missiles were launched by Russian strategic aircraft. From the Caspian Sea region. We managed to shoot down two missiles. Five more missiles hit a peaceful city. Including the usual apartment house, the usual high-rise building. We will identify all those responsible for this strike. Those responsible for Russia's missile terror. Everyone who gives these orders. Everyone who fulfills these orders. No one will be able to hide. No matter how long it takes us, all these bastards will be responsible for every death they caused. Russia has already fired most of its missile arsenal at Ukraine. Of course, they still have missiles. Of course, they can still continue the missile terror against our people. But what they have already done is definitely arguments sufficient for the world to eventually recognize the Russian state as a sponsor of terrorism and the Russian army as a terrorist organization. We will continue to insist on this in negotiations with our partners. There is simply no alternative to such recognition. That is why it is true. The Russian state has become a terrorist, and it is not ashamed. And if it is not ashamed, it is deliberate. Therefore, there must be maximum responsibility. New facts about the crimes of the occupiers against our Mariupol residents are being revealed. New graves of people killed by the occupiers are being found. We are talking about tens of thousands of dead Mariupol residents. Negotiations of the occupiers on how they conceal the traces of their crimes are recorded. Russia continues the activities of so-called filtration camps, particularly near Mariupol. Although the honest name for them is, in fact, different - it's concentration camps. Like those built by the Nazis in the past. Ukrainians from these camps - the survivors - are sent further into the occupied territories and to Russia. The facts of deportation of our citizens to the Russian boondocks, to Siberia, even to Vladivostok are recorded. They also deport children hoping that they will forget where their home is and where they are from. And they are from Ukraine. Today was Holy Saturday for Christians of the Eastern Rite. The day between the Crucifixion and the Resurrection. It seems that Russia is stuck on such a day. For years. On the day when death triumphs and God is supposedly gone. But there will be a Resurrection. Life will defeat death. The truth will defeat any lies. And evil will be punished. And Russia will have to learn these truths again, it's only a matter of time. It is only a matter of time before all Russian murderers feel what a fair response to their crimes is. It is only a matter of time before we can bring all the deported Ukrainians home. It is only a matter of time before all our people all over Ukraine feel what a strong peace is. I spoke today with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson. I informed him about the situation in Mariupol, in the areas of hostilities in general. I thanked him for the significant defensive and financial support for Ukraine. We coordinated further steps needed to protect our freedom. We are also preparing for tomorrow's important talks with American partners. I held a big live press conference in Kyiv today. Answered many questions - different, from different journalists. Both Ukrainian and foreign. And it's not just about openness, really. Not just about information. It's about whose side the truth is on in the war. This is about who can speak truthfully both with his people and with the whole world. Ukrainians can. Our enemies cannot. And finally. There will be a curfew tonight. Please follow this rule. This is important from a security point of view. But starting from 5 am you will be able to visit temples in your cities, towns and communities. Where it is possible to hold a church service. Please - only in the morning. I am grateful to each of our defenders who ensure our security this night before Easter and every day. Who defend the state. Who fight for the freedom of Ukrainians. Eternal glory to all our warriors! Eternal memory to all who gave lives for Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine