1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051511/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=64 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President launched the Green Country project aimed at protecting nature and the environment in Ukraine 7 June 2021 - 12:31 "We are launching the Green Country project. I will say at once that this is not a political project, but a purely ecological one for nature and the environment. We have set ourselves an ambitious but, I am sure, achievable goal - to increase the area of forests by one million hectares in 10 years. To this end, in the next three years we seek to plant one billion trees in Ukraine," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the forum. President signed a law banning the use of plastic bags in Ukraine 7 June 2021 - 11:27 During the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology", President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed the Law "On Restricting the Circulation of Plastic Bags on the Territory of Ukraine", which was adopted by the Verkhovna Rada on June 1. At the NSDC meeting chaired by the President, the issues of deepening Ukraine's integration with NATO and creation of a unified system for national security management were considered 4 June 2021 - 19:01 The meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine (NSDC) was held under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The parties addressed the issues of deepening Ukraine's integration with NATO, testing the system of counter-terrorism and the development of the aircraft industry. Congress of Local and Regional Authorities is an important platform for interaction between the central government and local communities - Head of State 3 June 2021 - 15:37 During a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a session of the Chamber of Local Authorities of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President. President got himself acquainted with the construction of the Palace of Sports in Khmelnytskyi carried out within the Large Construction program 3 June 2021 - 13:56 The Palace of Sports will have 2.5 thousand seats with the possibility of increasing to 3.1 thousand. There will be an opportunity to organize volleyball, basketball, handball, futsal training sessions and competitions, etc. "Large Construction": Volodymyr Zelenskyi inspected the reconstruction of the Zhytomyr – Chernivtsi road section and the bridge over the Buzhok River in the Khmelnytskyi region 3 June 2021 - 13:34 During a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the course of reconstruction of the highway of state importance H-03 Zhytomyr – Chernivtsi. President of Ukraine started a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 3 June 2021 - 11:10 The Head of State will take part in a session of the Chamber of Local Authorities of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. President had a phone conversation with the Federal Chancellor of Austria 2 June 2021 - 20:49 The President of Ukraine informed Sebastian Kurz in detail about the Crimean Platform initiative aimed at deoccupation and ensuring systematic monitoring of the security and humanitarian situation in the occupied Crimea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with US Senators: Nord Stream 2 is a powerful weapon being given to Russia 2 June 2021 - 18:05 At a meeting with the delegation of the US Congress in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed counteraction to the Nord Stream 2 project implementation. President discussed security situation in Donbas and along Ukrainian-Russian border with US Senators 2 June 2021 - 17:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the United States Congress. The meeting involved US Senators Jeanne Shaheen, Robert Portman, Christopher Murphy, their advisers, as well as Chargé d'Affaires a.i. of the United States in Ukraine Kristina Kvien. 1 2 ... 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine