6 captures 15 Dec 2023 - 05 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231215102434/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-v-intervyu-vvs-mi-ne-mozhemo-vtomitisya-bo-in-87665 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine has repeatedly proved what it is capable of; the time will come when we will be able to celebrate accession to the European Union – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 December 2023 - 02:40 View all videos n latest news Ukraine has repeatedly proved what it is capable of; the time will come when we will be able to celebrate accession to the European Union – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 December 2023 - 02:38 President of Ukraine visits command of the U.S. Army Europe 14 December 2023 - 19:15 Europe must win, agreements must be honored – address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the European Council meeting 14 December 2023 - 16:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Italy 13 December 2023 - 22:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 14 December 2023 - 19:15 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska in an interview with BBC: We cannot get tired, otherwise we will die 11 December 2023 - 18:25 Fatigue from the war unleashed by Russia will mean the death of Ukraine. This was stated by First Lady Olena Zelenska in an interview with the leading British broadcaster BBC News. "Simply put, we cannot get tired of this situation, because otherwise we will die. And if the world gets tired, it will just let us die. We badly need help," said the President's wife, answering a question from BBC correspondent Laura Kuenssberg. At the same time, she called the Russian aggression a dangerous chain reaction that could spread around the world. "Many destructive forces are now watching whether the world will stop the aggression in Ukraine... If influential global organizations limit themselves to "concern", all current and future aggressors will see that they can do anything," the President's wife is convinced. Olena Zelenska said that due to Russian attacks, only a third of Ukrainian children can study full-time, and this is a big challenge for the country and education. She also spoke about the experience of Kharkiv region, where a protected underground educational space is being built to accommodate about 500 children and teachers from local schools. The First Lady emphasized that, despite everything, children have the right to a safe and full education and are eager for a normal life. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine