10 captures 28 Aug 2023 - 08 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230828211933/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nasha-oboronka-davatime-bilshij-rezultat-zvernennya-preziden-85233 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:31 The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group has developed recommendations to tighten control over foreign-made components used by Russia in its UAVs 28 August 2023 - 10:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The United States and the EU should share the risks of possible elections in Ukraine during the war 27 August 2023 - 19:58 Decisions will be made this week that will further strengthen our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 27 August 2023 - 19:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway 24 August 2023 - 18:03 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:31 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today was a long and meaningful day of discussions and meetings. International events, our communication, the Ukrainian agenda. A brief report. The key thing, of course, is the Staff. It concerned what we're doing now and what we need to be prepared for. First of all, the frontline. First of all, the Kupyansk direction, the key spots in Donetsk region - Bakhmut, Avdiivka, Maryinka, and the southern directions, in particular, Orikhiv. Reports by Generals Zaluzhny, Syrskyi, and Tarnavskyi. A report by the Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate on the plans of the occupiers. We will respond to their intentions. We will. And in a way they do not expect. There were several reports from government officials and the military on reinforcing our border regions, and the issue of finances for this has been resolved. There was a separate meeting on our Ukrainian arms production. The Ministry of Strategic Industries, Ukroboronprom, and heads of domestic production facilities. Artillery made in Ukraine. Shells made in Ukraine. Drones, missiles, armored vehicles. We are maximizing production capacity. Ukraine can do it. Funding is available. Our defense industry will yield better results. We have two tasks for the next meeting of the Staff. The first is a report on preparations for the winter. Various aspects, including security. Second: a program of preparation for the use of new combat aircraft. Politically, everything has already been done. Agreements have been reached. The key thing now is to prepare the infrastructure efficiently and quickly. This is already a military task. And one more thing. There was a report by law enforcers on the inspection of the military medical commissions across the country. We are bringing this issue for consideration by the National Security and Defense Council. We will present the report and decision to the public. I thank everyone who works for Ukraine! Glory to each of our warriors! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine