4 captures 28 May 2023 - 07 Sep 2024 Apr MAY Jun 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230528110351/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koordinaciya-domovlenostej-prezidenta-ukrayini-v-ofisi-glavi-83197 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will continue our sanctions steps, and new, even more extensive sanctions packages are on the way – address of President of Ukraine 27 May 2023 - 21:16 View all videos n latest news We will continue our sanctions steps, and new, even more extensive sanctions packages are on the way – address of President of Ukraine 27 May 2023 - 21:15 Coordination of Ukrainian President's agreements: talks with Turkish delegation led by advisor to President Ibrahim Kalin take place in Office of President 27 May 2023 - 11:37 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US Senator Lindsey Graham 26 May 2023 - 19:33 During this week, we have also made substantial progress in providing modern aircraft for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 May 2023 - 19:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Coordination of Ukrainian President's agreements: talks with Turkish delegation led by advisor to President Ibrahim Kalin take place in Office of President 27 May 2023 - 11:37 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and for the purpose of coordination of the implementation of agreements reached by Volodymyr Zelenskyy during foreign visits, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, together with other representatives of the Office and the government, held a scheduled video conference with the Turkish delegation led by Chief Advisor to the President of the Republic of Türkiye Ibrahim Kalin. The negotiations took place within the framework of cooperation between Ukraine and Türkiye, particularly intense since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation. Deputy Heads of the Office of the Head of State Roman Mashovets, Ihor Zhovkva, Andrii Sybiha, and Chairman of the State Property Fund of Ukraine Rustem Umerov, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Yevhen Perebyinis, Deputy Minister of Defense Denys Sharapov, Deputy Minister for Strategic Industries of Ukraine Serhiy Boyev and others from Ukraine also joined the video conference. During the negotiations, the Turkish side assured of its unwavering support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The meeting participants coordinated the next steps regarding the implementation of the Peace Formula presented by President Zelenskyy. Yermak said that Ukraine would welcome Türkiye's participation in the planned global summit dedicated to implementing the Peace Formula and in forging joint steps for the further implementation of the Ukrainian peace plan. In addition, the parties discussed the importance of further cooperation to extend the operation of the Black Sea Grain Initiative. Possibilities of strengthening security cooperation between the two states and Türkiye's assistance in building a dialogue between Ukraine and the countries of the Global South were also considered. In addition, the parties discussed the current situation at the frontline and the results of Ukraine's participation at the highest level in the G7 Summit and the Arab League Summit. The head of the President's Office called the consistent interaction of the leadership teams of Ukraine and Türkiye extremely crucial, which makes it possible to have a continuous dialogue on the most urgent issues. "Throughout this terrible war, we see you are truly our friends. We are sure that Ukraine will win. We will not forget Türkiye's help," Yermak concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine