2 captures 23 Oct 2023 - 28 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 23 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231023182159/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-86537 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world's attention to Ukraine, to defending freedom and international law must be upheld – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 October 2023 - 20:24 View all videos n latest news Head of the Office of Ukraine's President had a phone call with National Security Advisor to President of South African Republic 23 October 2023 - 20:57 The world's attention to Ukraine, to defending freedom and international law must be upheld – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 October 2023 - 20:24 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses implementation of Peace Formula, situation in the Middle East with Crown Prince and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia 23 October 2023 - 18:20 Ukraine will not break – it will endure and drive out the Russian evil from its land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 October 2023 - 19:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Office of Ukraine's President had a phone call with National Security Advisor to President of South African Republic 23 October 2023 - 20:57 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi. Special attention was focused on the process of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude for the active participation of the delegation of the Republic of South Africa in consultations of national security advisors in Copenhagen and Jeddah. Sydney Mufamadi, on his part, confirmed readiness to participate in the upcoming meeting, which will take place soon in Malta. The interlocutors discussed the situation in the Middle East and agreed on the necessity of making efforts to de-escalate the conflict, seek peace, and protect civilians. The importance of unimpeded functioning of humanitarian corridors for evacuation and ensuring stable humanitarian supplies was highlighted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine