25 captures 15 Dec 2022 - 06 Sep 2025 Nov DEC Jan 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221216005338/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/okupanti-ne-mozhut-zdolati-nashu-armiyu-tomu-znishuyut-kozhn-79905 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The invaders cannot defeat our army, so they destroy every city and village; the only way to stop it is to push them out of our land - address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2022 - 23:00 View all videos n latest news The invaders cannot defeat our army, so they destroy every city and village; the only way to stop it is to push them out of our land - address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2022 - 22:58 Andriy Yermak held consultations of diplomatic advisers in the format of the Lublin Triangle 15 December 2022 - 17:20 Ukrainian society expects justice - President during the participation in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 15:42 Macro-financial support for Ukraine and strengthening EU sanctions against Russia are also weapons in the defense of freedom - President's speech at the meeting of the European Council 15 December 2022 - 14:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 14:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The invaders cannot defeat our army, so they destroy every city and village; the only way to stop it is to push them out of our land - address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2022 - 22:58 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Briefly about today. First. There is a confirmation of the macro-financial aid from the European Union for Ukraine for the next year. The volume is 18 billion euros. This is a good result. Second. I spoke with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau. It was a good conversation - we are preparing to strengthen our defense cooperation. I am grateful to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and all Canadians for the principled leadership on sanctions policy. Every sanction step against Russia for the war that has already been taken by the free world really helps us bring peace closer. Third. We are preparing important international events for the next week. Something that could give Ukraine more defense support this winter, more military capabilities. During another Russian shelling of Kherson today, a projectile hit the aid station of the Red Cross. The woman who died was a paramedic, a volunteer. My condolences to the relatives... Just since the beginning of this day, Russia has shelled Kherson more than 16 times! Only in one day! And it is so every day. Today, communities of the Kharkiv region were shelled again... Today in Donbas, as in all previous weeks, brutal Russian attacks continue. The occupiers throw everyone and everything they have into the offensive. They cannot defeat our army, so they physically destroy every town and village so that there are no buildings, not even walls, that can be used for any kind of defense... The only way to stop this is to push out Russian terrorists step by step from our Ukrainian land. To continue the pressure on Russia. To find new ways to hold every Russian terrorist, every Russian oligarch who helps the terrorist state and all Russian officials and propagandists to account for everything they do. Do against Ukraine, against freedom as such. Thank you to everyone who fights and works for Ukraine! Thank you to everyone who holds the front in Donbas, in the south, who holds the border, who protects our sky and our people. Eternal memory to all those who gave their lives for freedom! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine