9 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 20 Jan 2026 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130113842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – World country music star Brad Paisley became an ambassador of the United24 platform and supported the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction 24 January 2023 - 18:50 World-renowned country music artist Brad Paisley has joined the team of ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is very important for Ukraine that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war 24 January 2023 - 17:19 "We were not going to and are not going to attack Belarus. This is the main signal from the entire Ukrainian people to the Belarusian people. It is very important for us that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war despite anyone’s influence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, answering journalists' questions. I am grateful to Finland for understanding that we need to remain resilient and move together towards victory in this war - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Sauli Niinistö in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Finland Sauli Niinistö, who is on a visit to our country. Officials will no longer be able to travel abroad for non-governmental purposes - President's address 23 January 2023 - 22:45 There is a principled decision of the NSDC on officials traveling abroad. It applies to all officials of the central government and various other levels of local government. If they want to rest now, they will rest outside the civil service. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the U.S. President's National Security Advisor 23 January 2023 - 21:26 Andriy Yermak briefed Jake Sullivan on the current situation on the frontline and the tasks facing the Ukrainian Defense Forces. The importance of providing the Ukrainian army with weapons and equipment to effectively respond to the aggressor's actions was emphasized. Andriy Yermak discussed with representatives of partner countries the acceleration of the supply of equipment necessary for Ukraine to restore the energy system 23 January 2023 - 20:21 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, work with international partners continues to support the restoration of the country's energy system after the missile attacks by Russia. On Monday, Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a regular meeting via video conference to discuss the supply of equipment needed to repair Ukraine's power grid. In the process of rebuilding Ukraine, American business will once again be able to demonstrate the power of free entrepreneurship - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the National Association of State Chambers 23 January 2023 - 19:52 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine will be a challenge and an opportunity for American entrepreneurs to show their best well-known qualities. He said this during an online speech at a meeting of the American National Association of State Chambers (NASC). After the end of the war, American business can become a locomotive of global economic growth - President of Ukraine's address to the participants of the meeting of the National Association of State Chambers 23 January 2023 - 19:43 Global freedom has long been lacking global victories. Ukraine, together with the United States, along with our partners – is meeting this deficit. It is by justice that the strength of society and the strength of the state are united - address by the President of Ukraine 22 January 2023 - 21:36 These decisions have already been prepared. I don't want to announce them now, but it will all be fair. I understand what has drawn people's attention. In each situation, we will analyze everything in detail. President of Ukraine and the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom talked to students of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv on the Day of Unity 22 January 2023 - 19:51 The meeting was attended by students from all regions of Ukraine, as well as representatives of the Military Institute of the Kyiv National University. Answering the questions of the youth, the Head of State expressed confidence that Ukraine would definitely win this war. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine