6 captures 29 May 2024 - 11 May 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240529132828/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-1-mlrd-yevro-dopomogi-ta-pershi-litaki-f-16-uzhe-cogo-91177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Many Leaders Condemned Russian Terror; It Is Important That This Condemnation Leads to Fair Consequences – Address by the President 26 May 2024 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and Chile Deepen Their Cooperation to Return Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 29 May 2024 - 13:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the President of Portugal 28 May 2024 - 22:50 Portugal's Participation in Defense Initiatives Helps Ukraine Withstand Russian Strikes – the President 28 May 2024 - 21:38 Olena Zelenska: It Is Important That Not Only School Meals But Also Home Meals Are on the Same Wavelength – the Healthy One 28 May 2024 - 20:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Portugal 28 May 2024 - 18:50 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Almost €1 Billion in Aid and the First F-16 Aircraft Coming This Year: Results of the Meeting between the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Belgium 28 May 2024 - 13:50 Today marks the beginning of a new chapter in relations between Ukraine and Belgium. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo. Ukraine and Belgium have signed a bilateral security agreement clearly stipulating the delivery of 30 F-16 aircraft to Ukraine by 2028. The document also includes defense support. This year, Belgium will provide almost a billion euros in military aid. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the support for Ukraine on its path to the EU and NATO, sanctions against Russia and the fair use of Russian assets enshrined in the agreement. “Today we have discussed that this year Ukraine may receive one billion seven hundred million euros from the proceeds of frozen Russian assets. There is also a solution for reconstruction – Belgium will allocate funds for the restoration of our Chernihiv region,” the President noted. The Head of State also thanked Belgium and the Prime Minister for the principled support of the Global Peace Summit. “There are only two scenarios: either real peace or further expansion of the war. We see that Russia is doing everything for the second scenario and is trying to disrupt the Peace Summit. I am grateful to every leader, every state that understands this and does everything to ensure that the Peace Summit can truly become a coercion of Russia into peace,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo noted that his country will continue training the Ukrainian Security and Defense Forces in the naval sector, mine clearance, and F-16 fighter jet operations. He added that Belgium's goal is to deliver the first aircraft to Ukraine this year. “The current agreement provides Ukraine with the necessary modern military equipment and support for its defense industry. In this agreement, we mainly focus on military needs for the protection of the population – air defense, artillery, defense equipment and, of course, F-16 fighter jets,” he emphasized. Alexander De Croo also expressed hope that the 14th package of sanctions would be adopted under the Belgian EU Presidency. “Although Russia's invasion has turned into a war of attrition, the EU and Belgium will continue to stand side by side with you in this war. It is our duty to help you win. Our support remains unchanged and steadfast. The outcome of this war is crucial for our European interests, values and security,” the Belgian Prime Minister summarized. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 28 May 2024 - 10:48 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 28 May 2024 - 10:48 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine