4 captures 17 May 2021 - 25 May 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070906/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-stvorennya-v-ukrayini-naukovo-osvit-68497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President discussed the creation of a scientific and educational platform in Ukraine, which will train specialists in the field of new technologies 17 May 2021 - 16:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the concept development for the creation of a national university, which should become an innovative educational space for training specialists in modern technologies. The meeting was attended by representatives of the Office of the President, the Ministry of Education and Science, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Digital Transformation, the Ministry of Strategic Industries, the State Service of Special Communication and Information Protection of Ukraine, the Verkhovna Rada leadership and others. The Head of State recalled Nelson Mandela's words that education is the most powerful weapon which can change the world. “Creating such a powerful modern educational and scientific platform will allow Ukraine to train specialists in highly-demanded professions. They will become the engine that will move forward Ukrainian science and economy, as well as contribute to the formation of our country as an IT hub in Europe," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The university is designed to unleash the intellectual and creative potential of the citizens of Ukraine, promote the formation of knowledge and skills that meet the needs of society and are in demand in the labor market. The future educational institution will have six main faculties: information technology, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence; nanotechnology; aerospace technologies; the latest energy technologies; biotechnology and health sciences; international relations and security. The concept of establishing a university should be developed and finally approved by July 2021, and a law on the specifics of the legal status of this educational institution should be adopted by October. The construction of the university is planned to be completed by September 2023, and the first curricula should begin on October 1, 2023. Priority for teaching at the university will be given to the best Ukrainian specialists, and foreign lecturers and experts will also be invited. The educational process will include 30% of theory and 70% of practical classes, as well as internships at the best domestic enterprises and international companies. In the first year of the university it is planned to enroll about 120 students and in the following years it is planned to increase their number. The best students will receive high scholarships, and after graduation - guaranteed employment in Ukraine. Students and graduates will also have the opportunity to implement their own research and development in Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine