6 captures 17 Feb 2022 - 14 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220217225803/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/angela-merkel-u-rozmovi-z-volodimirom-zelenskim-pidtrimala-p-61509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an urgent phone conversation with the President of the European Council 17 February 2022 - 14:49 President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the Head of State to Donbas 16 February 2022 - 18:32 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Angela Merkel in conversation with Volodymyr Zelenskyy supported reformatting of the Trilateral Contact Group 5 June 2020 - 17:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. During the conversation, the leaders of the two countries discussed the restoration of peace in Donbas and, in particular, the results of the working visit of the Ukrainian delegation to Germany on June 2. The interlocutors noted the high level of mutual understanding between the Ukrainian and German sides on key approaches to a peaceful settlement, emphasizing the lack of alternatives to the diplomatic path. "It was a very meaningful visit that will give impetus to the Normandy format," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The interlocutors emphasized the need for consistent and strict implementation by the parties involved of all agreements reached during the Paris Summit in the Normandy format. "We are open, we are ready to move forward. It is extremely important to guarantee the International Committee of the Red Cross access to the occupied territories for the verification of detainees. The OSCE SMM's access to monitoring is also important. We want to agree on new disengagement areas. Effective implementation of the agreements reached last year in Paris should pave the way to the next summit in Berlin," the President of Ukraine said. The Ukrainian side reaffirmed its commitment to maximum coordination of efforts with partners in the peaceful settlement in Donbas - Germany and France. Chancellor Angela Merkel stated her support for the changes in the work of the Trilateral Contact Group initiated by Ukraine. The President of Ukraine informed the Chancellor of Germany of the current security situation in Donbas, emphasizing the problems that need increased attention from our international partners. A number of issues on the Ukrainian-German bilateral agenda were also discussed, including cooperation between the countries in the field of counteracting the COVID-19 pandemic, and financial and economic relations. The President of Ukraine thanked for the clear and consistent position of Germany on the impossibility of changing the format of the G7 until the full restoration of the territorial integrity of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine