4 captures 30 Jun 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 30 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240630133548/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-povinni-diyati-razom-shob-povnistyu-realizuvati-formulu-m-91877 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Decisions to Strengthen Ourselves and Protect Our People – the Address by the President 29 June 2024 - 16:51 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: The Ukrainian Center in Lithuania Brings Back to Our People the Opportunities Taken Away by the Russian Attack 30 June 2024 - 11:56 More than 800 Participants from 15 Countries Joined the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 20:52 The President Met with Nariman Dzhelyal, Released from Russian Captivity 29 June 2024 - 17:05 We Are Preparing New Decisions to Strengthen Ourselves and Protect Our People – the Address by the President 29 June 2024 - 16:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Takes Part in the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Must Act Together to Fully Implement the Peace Formula – Volodymyr Zelenskyy Addressed the Participants and Guests of the Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the National Prayer Breakfast, held for the first time under the patronage of the Head of State. The event was attended by representatives of all denominations and churches, as well as the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Ruslan Stefanchuk, and the Prime Minister, Denys Shmyhal. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the participants and guests of the Prayer Breakfast for their support, for praying for Ukraine, for spreading the truth about the war, and for uniting for the sake of our country and common human values. "Our Prayer Breakfast is attended by representatives of different countries and different communities. But there is one thing we are all undoubtedly united in, and that is our desire to preserve the brightest side of people and our country – to withstand this terrible time of war and to ensure for Ukraine a real, tangible and, from the perspective of international security, exemplary victory of good over evil, so that other aggressors will not attack their neighbors," the Head of State emphasized. The President urged all those present to fight to restore normal life and security in all Ukrainian cities and communities and to act together to fully implement the Peace Formula. "We have proved more than once that there are no impossible things – when you really believe in your strength, when you really know that human and God's truth is on your side, when you act, and when you do everything to keep people united. And I believe that we can bring peace back to Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The attendees prayed for Ukrainian warriors and all our people, for the unification of the world against evil, for victory, peace and recovery of Ukraine. Prayer Breakfasts are held all over the world. In Ukraine, they have been held for 20 years in 90 cities and communities. The Ukrainian Prayer Breakfast movement is also strong in the United States and Europe, attracting believers to support our country. ph President Takes Part in the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 ph President Takes Part in the National Prayer Breakfast 29 June 2024 - 14:43 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine