3 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 19 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911220859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – "Mriya" Modernizes School Education in Ukraine – President During App Launch 2 September 2024 - 16:36 Through the app, students will receive an ID card, complete assignments, better plan their day, and access educational content. Parents will be able to monitor their child's progress. We Are Proud of Our Heroic Students: President Visited the First Thematic Lesson in One of the Educational Institutions of Zaporizhzhia 2 September 2024 - 16:03 On the first day of the new school year, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with Prime Minister of the Netherlands Dick Schoof, visited the first thematic lesson in one of the educational institutions of Zaporizhzhia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Dick Schoof spoke with students from the 1st and 11th grades. Olena Zelenska: Our Children Are Heroes, and We Need to Be Heroes for Them 2 September 2024 - 11:45 On the occasion of the Knowledge Day, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska made a video address to the students at the Schools of Superheroes during a lesson of gratitude to the Defense Forces. Long-Range Capabilities Are Key to Ending This War – Address by the President 1 September 2024 - 21:26 The terrorist state must feel what war is. We are working to ensure that as many Russian military facilities, logistics hubs, and critical components of their war economy as possible fall within the reach of our weapons. In the United States, Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Military and Security Experts 31 August 2024 - 21:08 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with U.S. military and security experts. We Need the Abilities to Really and Fully Protect Ukraine and Ukrainians – Address by the President 31 August 2024 - 20:42 Clearing the Ukrainian skies of Russian guided aerial bombs is a strong step to force Russia to seek an end to the war and a just peace. Ukrainian representatives provided all the necessary information, all the necessary details to our partners. Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Vice President of the United States Philip Gordon. Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien. Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. Shelters for In-Person Education and Gadgets for Distance Learning: Olena Zelenska with the Foundation's Team Visited the Chernihiv Region Before the Beginning of the School Year 30 August 2024 - 20:41 In Nizhyn, the President's wife visited a gymnasium where almost 800 schoolchildren will be able to study offline from the beginning of this school year. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine