8 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 20 Mar 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202020726/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-zustrilasya-z-korolem-velikoyi-britaniy-79573 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 During a visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with King Charles III. Together they visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, on the territory of which the Ukrainian Welcome Centre has been operating since August 2022 - a center of assistance to Ukrainian citizens who temporarily left their homeland due to Russian aggression, founded together with the Union of Ukrainians. "It is not the first time that His Majesty finds time and kind words to support the forced migrants from Ukraine: recently he visited them in Scotland, even earlier - in Romania. During each meeting, I feel how British support is getting stronger, and together with it, the friendship between our countries," the President's wife said. At the Ukrainian Welcome Centre, Olena Zelenska and Charles III talked with representatives of the Ukrainian community and temporary migrants, as well as with British families who have hosted Ukrainians. The First Lady emphasized that during all trips she meets compatriots who were forced to leave their homeland due to military aggression, learns about the conditions of their stay and the needs they have in a new country. "Since Russia switched to energy terror tactics, we understand that this winter will be the hardest in all the years of independence. So I am grateful for the fact that at least part of Ukrainians, especially the elderly and children, are able to wait out the cold season without risking being in blackout conditions," she said. Olena Zelenska also visited the London School of Economics and met with students of several local universities - young people from Great Britain, France, other countries, as well as Ukrainian students who are pursuing higher education in London. During the meeting, she spoke about Ukraine's struggle against Russian invaders and the ordeals that its citizens are going through. She emphasized that Ukrainian students now have to fight for the right to knowledge every day, study in bomb shelters and in conditions of power outages due to Russian shelling of critical infrastructure. "Our life in five, ten, twenty years depends on the Ukrainian, British and global youth. It will determine which way our countries will go, whether there will be peace or chaos around. Whether they will violate human rights, as Russia is doing now, or, on the contrary, will it be possible to put any aggressor in its place. We in Ukraine know how difficult it is to live in a history textbook. And at the same time, it is an opportunity to inscribe humanity, support and value of human life there," the First Lady emphasized during her speech. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine