10 captures 19 Jan 2022 - 04 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214031927/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-postaviv-zavdannya-do-kincya-roku-rozpochati-58201 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State set a task to begin preparation for privatization by the end of the year and develop an action plan to improve Ukraine's position in the Doing Business ranking 5 November 2019 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has set a task to develop a plan of measures by the end of this year to increase Ukraine's position in the Doing Business ranking, as well as to start preparations for large-scale privatization and introduction of the land market. “I will ask ministers to ensure that such tasks are fulfilled. Tymofiy Mylovanov, Minister of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine, must develop a plan of measures to increase Ukraine's position in the Doing Business ranking by December 31, 2019,” the Head of State said during a meeting with the Government and leadership of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine held at the Office of the President. The Ministry of Economy must also begin preparations for large-scale privatization, in particular, transfer 500 state-owned enterprises to the State Property Fund of Ukraine for privatization by December 31. In addition, the ministry must sell more than 40 single property complexes of small privatization objects and stake packages through electronic auctions by the end of 2019. "It should also identify the top 5 priority objects for preparation for major privatization," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. According to the Head of State, the Ministry of Economy must prepare for the introduction of the land market by 31 December. “Create an electronic register of surveying engineers and provide them with the right to state registration of this land. Publicize 100% of decisions on granting permits for removal and transfer of the fertile soil layer and legally enshrine the land management documentation exclusively in electronic form,” the President emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that the Ministry of Economy should develop a new government program of job creation by the end of this year, as well as ensure the implementation of the best corporate governance practices in the top 10 state-owned companies. Minister of Finance Oksana Markarova has been commissioned by the President to create favorable conditions for entrepreneurs by December 31, 2019 by drafting a bill aimed at introducing a two-year moratorium on inspections of self-employed individuals and mitigating their responsibility for violating the established procedure of submission of reports to control bodies related to the use of cash registers. Also, by March 31, next year, the Ministry of Finance should simplify customs procedures through the introduction of an authorized economic operator program in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Minister of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine Oleksiy Orzhel must complete the unbundling procedure of NJSC Naftogaz by December 31, 2019. The Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine must also simplify the procedures for connection to the electricity and gas networks owned by natural monopoly entities. By April 30, 2020, the Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine must reform the coal industry. In addition, according to the President's instruction, by the end of next year, the Ministry of Energy and Environmental Protection of Ukraine must prepare the legal framework for the beginning of the process of inventorying Ukraine's forest resources. Minister of Infrastructure of Ukraine Vladyslav Krykliy was commissioned to provide the issuance of permits for the international transportation of goods and the movement of oversized vehicles exclusively in electronic form by the end of this year, as well as to establish effective dimensional and weight control on the roads. Vladyslav Krykliy must also approve the list of concession objects for 2020-2023 by June 30, 2020 and begin preparation for tenders. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine