479 captures 13 Jun 2015 - 27 Feb 2026 Jul AUG Sep 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220809141430/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all/ Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos After this Russian war against Ukraine, neither smoldering nor frozen conflict should remain - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2022 - 22:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the awards ceremony on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the AFU 7 August 2022 - 13:35 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video call with the 42nd President of the United States Bill Clinton 9 August 2022 - 00:09 The Head of State thanked for the comprehensive support from the US at various levels, as well as for the personal support of Ukraine from Bill Clinton and his wife, in particular for the participation in the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. After this Russian war against Ukraine, neither smoldering nor frozen conflict should remain - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2022 - 22:57 2008, 2014, 2022 - the wars that started in these years have a different scale and nature, but there is one meaning of what happened: regional and global security mechanisms did not work. That is why the principle of prevention, which we have been insisting on for a very long time even before February 24, is so necessary in international relations. Ukraine should become the most comfortable place in the world for its people - Olena Zelenska told the Japanese NHK about barrier-free projects that will be implemented during reconstruction 8 August 2022 - 18:34 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to NHK Japan Broadcasting Corporation. The President's wife spoke about barrier-free projects that will be implemented during the reconstruction of Ukraine. The historical configuration of the European community for the next fifty to one hundred years is being determined in Ukraine today - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Le Figaro 8 August 2022 - 15:02 Negotiations with the Russian side are possible only on condition of several important tactical defeats of Russia. Therefore, the task of Europe is to provide military and financial support to Ukraine, so that our country can win this war. Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with the French newspaper Le Figaro. A full embargo on Russian fossil fuels in Europe must be implemented immediately - Oleg Ustenko in an article for the Financial Times 8 August 2022 - 12:52 The budget revenues of the Russian Federation from the export of oil, gas and coal doubled in the first 100 days of the full-scale war against Ukraine, so it can be stated that the current regime of Western energy sanctions against the Russian Federation is not effective and needs to be strengthened immediately. This was emphasized by Oleg Ustenko, economic adviser to the President of Ukraine, in an article for the Financial Times. A principled response from the international community to the Russian strikes at the Zaporizhzhia NPP is needed right now - address by the President of Ukraine 7 August 2022 - 21:07 There is no such nation in the world that can feel safe when a terrorist state fires at a nuclear plant. God forbid, if something irreparable happens, no one will stop the wind that will spread the radioactive contamination. Every task performed by the Air Force means saved lives of Ukrainians - President on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 August 2022 - 14:51 On the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the "Golden Star" orders to servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine and to members of the families of fallen Heroes, as well as other state awards. Ukraine needs to increase the supply of weapons and hopes for the active participation of Olaf Scholz in this matter - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Tagesspiegel 7 August 2022 - 09:10 Ukraine needs the supply of as many modern weapons as possible and hopes for the active participation of Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz in this matter. Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podolyak stated this in an interview with Tagesspiegel. We are doing everything to get yet more effective and modern weapons – address of President of Ukraine 6 August 2022 - 22:47 I thank the partners – everyone who supplies Ukraine with the necessary weapons. In particular, another package of support from the United States was approved this week, which also includes ammunition for the HIMARS systems. We are doing everything to get yet more effective and modern weapons. President holds meeting on compensating Ukraine for damage caused by Russia's aggression 6 August 2022 - 10:43 To develop and implement the compensation mechanism, the President created an ad hoc working group chaired by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, consisted of representatives of the Cabinet of Ministers and leading Ukrainian and foreign specialists on international law. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 138 139 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine