8 captures 29 Mar 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240329111842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-zi-spikerom-palati-predstavnikiv-ss-89921 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to provide our warriors with more opportunities, more weapons; and we will ensure this – address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2024 - 20:51 View all videos n latest news It is in conjunction with the NSDC and the FIS that we should consider the future work of the National Security and Defense Council – President introduced the new NSDC Secretary 29 March 2024 - 12:41 We are doing everything to provide our warriors with more opportunities, more weapons; and we will ensure this – address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2024 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the European Parliament's Renew Europe political group 28 March 2024 - 18:53 President discussed the necessity of passing a decision on the assistance to Ukraine with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives 28 March 2024 - 18:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Sumy region 27 March 2024 - 10:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President discussed the necessity of passing a decision on the assistance to Ukraine with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives 28 March 2024 - 18:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Mike Johnson. The Head of State thanked the interlocutor and both parties of the Congress, as well as the entire American people and President of the United States Joseph Biden for the vital support of Ukraine since the first day of Russia's full-scale invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed Mike Johnson on the current situation at the front and the significant intensification of Russian aerial terror. Russia has been launching massive strikes on Ukrainian energy facilities and civilian infrastructure, resulting in Ukraine's largest hydroelectric power plant being rendered inoperative. Last week alone, Ukrainian cities and communities were hit by 190 missiles, 140 "Shahed" drones and 700 guided aerial bombs, the President said. "In this situation, a swift passage of aid for Ukraine by Congress is critical. We are aware that the House of Representatives has different opinions on how to do it, but the key is to keep the issue of assistance to Ukraine as a factor of unity," the Head of State noted. The two sides also discussed the need to cut off the sources from which Russia is financing its war as soon as possible. The interlocutors paid special attention to the use of frozen Russian assets for the benefit of Ukraine. “We also count on the leadership of the Congress in this regard,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine