7 captures 03 Dec 2020 - 12 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 05 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230205104238/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/druzhina-prezidenta-vistupila-na-forumi-shodo-protidiyi-doma-59905 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To preserve all elements of our stability is to guarantee victory – address of President of Ukraine 4 February 2023 - 20:04 View all videos n latest news To preserve all elements of our stability is to guarantee victory – address of President of Ukraine 4 February 2023 - 20:05 President emphasizes: every defender of Ukraine released from captivity should feel that the state is grateful to him, takes care of him and guides him through life – Yermak on release of 116 soldiers 4 February 2023 - 17:04 Olena Zelenska presents Ukrainian-language audio guides in museums in the Netherlands 4 February 2023 - 12:15 Ihor Zhovkva discusses Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with President of NATO PA 4 February 2023 - 09:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife President's wife speaks at the Forum “On the Way to Zero GBV in Ukraine” organized by the UNFPA 20 February 2020 - 15:08 President's wife Olena Zelenska took part in the Forum “On the Way to Zero GBV in Ukraine” organized by the UNFPA in Ukraine. “It is difficult for me as both the President's wife and just a person to stand aside from the problem of violence. This is something that is "uncomfortable" to talk about. Beatings, fears, shame are not made public. However, one person can never be the only victim of such situations. This is always a disaster for the whole family. So, together we must do everything we can to change this situation of helplessness,” Olena Zelenska said in her speech. The President’s wife emphasized the importance of creating simple and clear mechanisms for the protection and assistance to the victims of domestic violence in Ukraine. Olena Zelenska reminded that the national hotline started functioning in test mode, which can be accessed by anyone, who suffers from violence, to receive qualified information, psychological and legal support, and, if necessary, emergency response of the police. The hotline operates 24/7 throughout Ukraine at phone number 1547. During her speech, the First Lady also touched upon the issue of opening shelters - temporary housing for the victims. “The problem is not only the number of shelters, but also the lack of awareness among people about their existence. And this task must be solved locally. A person in a critical situation should not urgently seek help or asylum, a person must know exactly where to go,” the President's wife emphasized. Olena Zelenska addressed the representatives of local authorities present at the event, emphasizing that the practical implementation of mechanisms of assistance and protection against domestic violence on the ground depended on them. The First Lady assured that they could always count on her assistance in this matter. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine