8 captures 23 Jul 2020 - 10 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324014812/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-u-skladi-ukrayinskoyi-delegaciyi-v-61441 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office made a working visit to Germany as part of the Ukrainian delegation 3 June 2020 - 12:08 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, His Deputy Ihor Zhovkva, Adviser to the President of Ukraine Ruslan Demchenko, as well as Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba, Vice Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Oleksiy Reznikov and Defense Minister Andriy Taran made a working visit to Germany. During the visit, members of the Ukrainian delegation met with German Federal Minister of Defence Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, Minister for Foreign Affairs Heiko Maas, Foreign Policy Adviser to German Chancellor Jan Hecker and Economic Adviser to German Chancellor Lars-Hendrik Röller. Ukraine is grateful to the German side for its support within the Normandy format, as well as for its support of reforms, Andriy Yermak said. Representatives of Ukraine and Germany discussed issues of bilateral cooperation and exchanged experiences on combating the coronavirus pandemic. Particular attention was paid to joint efforts to achieve peace in eastern Ukraine. During the talks, the parties discussed the status of implementation of the agreements concluded following the summit of the Normandy Four in Paris in December 2019. At a meeting with German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas, Andriy Yermak spoke about the details of the talks within the Trilateral Contact Group in Minsk. He also announced the renewal of the composition and raising the status of the Ukrainian delegation in the TCG. "Ukraine is categorically dissatisfied with the slow progress in the Minsk format. That is why we are doing everything possible to make the negotiations more effective. We have not only offered to convert meetings into video conference 24/7 format. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has significantly expanded the Ukrainian delegation within the Minsk Group and raised the status of its members,” the Head of the President's Office said. The parties agreed that significant progress had been achieved in the mutual release of captives since the December summit of the Normandy Four. "We have noted the progress in the release of captives. However, the movement towards the next mutual release, unfortunately, is still slowed down. And we are hindered not only by the coronavirus epidemic, but also by the other party's failure to comply with the agreement of the Normandy summit in Paris on the admission of representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross to captives in the temporarily occupied territories," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the Office of the President also conveyed greetings from President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to German Chancellor Angela Merkel. During talks with German Federal Minister of Defence Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, Andriy Yermak noted that measures to implement a full and comprehensive ceasefire, which has not yet been fulfilled, should be taken to accelerate progress towards peace. "We have conveyed to our partners our concern that the most important condition for achieving peace is not being met - the shelling continues! From December 19 last year to May 29, more than 1,500 shelling cases conducted by illegal armed groups were recorded. During this period, 33 Ukrainian servicemen were killed and 235 were wounded. The militants continue to use weapons prohibited by the Minsk agreements," the Head of the President's Office noted. It was stressed that Russia and the illegal armed groups under its control should provide the observers of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission with safe and secure access to the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. It is also important that the parties implement the updated demining plan and continue the disengagement of forces and assets under verification by the OSCE SMM. These agreements of the Normandy summit must also be implemented. In addition, the interlocutors noted the need to open new checkpoints across the line of delimitation given primarily humanitarian criteria. The participants of the meeting discussed opportunities for deepening cooperation between Ukraine and NATO, as well as issues of bilateral cooperation. During the discussion with Economic Adviser to German Chancellor Lars-Hendrik Röller, the issues of bilateral economic cooperation were raised, in particular, financial support to Ukraine and investments. "We are extremely grateful to Germany and personally to Chancellor Angela Merkel and all our interlocutors today for their firm and consistent position in support of Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty. They have once again demonstrated that Germany is a good and reliable friend of Ukraine, and we feel great support," Andriy Yermak summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine