6 captures 26 May 2023 - 15 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230526205804/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ukrayina-stane-chlenom-nato-koli-dozvolyatime-83181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos During this week, we have also made substantial progress in providing modern aircraft for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 May 2023 - 19:23 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US Senator Lindsey Graham 26 May 2023 - 19:33 During this week, we have also made substantial progress in providing modern aircraft for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 May 2023 - 19:23 Andriy Yermak: Ukraine will become a NATO member when the security situation allows 26 May 2023 - 16:38 I am certain you will continue to lead the free world, and this century will be our century, where freedom, innovation and democratic values reign – address by the President of Ukraine to the graduates of Johns Hopkins University 25 May 2023 - 21:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: Ukraine will become a NATO member when the security situation allows 26 May 2023 - 16:38 The partner countries that Ukraine wants to see as guarantors of its security on the way to NATO membership support the provision of such guarantees, and the form of their consolidation is currently being discussed. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during a conversation with media representatives in Kyiv. He noted that all the leaders of the partner states have a draft of the Kyiv Security Compact for review. Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine stands for developing a document based on the best positions of both the Kyiv Security Compact and the packages of agreements that have been concluded and are working effectively in other countries. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that security guarantees will be in place until our country joins NATO: "Ukraine's ambitions for membership in the Alliance remain unchanged, so we are working on positions to support our Euro-Atlantic course." "I have no doubt that in the future Ukraine will be a NATO member. But we are realists. We understand that this will definitely happen when the security situation allows," added Andriy Yermak. "Our expectations from the Summit in Vilnius boil down to two key priorities: fixing in one form or another the absence of alternatives to the fact that we are on the path to NATO membership, and before joining the Alliance, obtaining security guarantees," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. He also spoke about the results of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's participation in the Arab League Summit in Saudi Arabia and the G7 Summit in Japan. According to him, the development of relations with the Arab countries and the states of the Global South is currently important for Ukraine, so painstaking work is underway in many areas. "I am confident that we will have partnership relations with Saudi Arabia at various levels. They have already provided us with humanitarian aid and I think they will continue to do so," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office noted that he positively assesses the possible participation of this country in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and in the Global Peace Summit. According to Andriy Yermak, the bilateral meetings held by Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Arab League Summit will be the beginning of important cooperation, and representatives of the Arab world are expected to visit Ukraine. "They are ready to invest now, even without waiting for the war to end. This is very important for us. This makes us an influential player, particularly in this region," he summarized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine