3 captures 12 Sep 2024 - 04 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240912000250/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak Discussed Strengthening Cooperation in Defense Production with Public and Business Representatives 23 August 2024 - 22:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of public organizations, business and authorities to discuss cooperation in the production of weapons and ammunition. India Fully Supports Ukraine's Sovereignty and Territorial Integrity and Is Ready to Make Its Contribution to the Cause of a Just Peace – Andriy Yermak 23 August 2024 - 20:33 The topic of Russia's war against our country was the main one among those discussed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi during their meeting in Kyiv. This was revealed by the Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak on the air of the United News Telethon. The Occupier Will Not Subjugate Kharkiv, Nor Will It Subjugate All of Our Ukraine – Address by the President 23 August 2024 - 20:21 And I am proud of everyone who makes our blue and yellow colors so strong and worthy. I am proud of all our people who defend our state, defend our independence. This is the reflection of exactly such people of ours – the respect of the world for Ukraine and the fact that Ukrainian flags can be seen in all leading capitals of the democratic world. Humanitarian Relations, Cooperation in Agriculture, Medicine and Culture: Ukraine and India Have Signed Four Documents 23 August 2024 - 18:04 Ukraine and India have signed four documents in the presence of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi, who is on his visit to our country. Participation in the Peace Formula Implementation and Further Humanitarian Support: Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Narendra Modi Held Talks 23 August 2024 - 17:55 During the meeting, the parties discussed prospective areas of bilateral cooperation: expansion of trade, economic and defense cooperation, India's involvement in post-war reconstruction, interaction in the fields of education, science and culture. India-Ukraine Joint Statement on the Visit of Prime Minister of India to Ukraine 23 August 2024 - 16:00 Prime Minister of India, H.E. Narendra Modi undertook a visit to Ukraine on 23 August 2024, at the invitation of the President of Ukraine, H.E. Volodymyr Zelenskyy. This was the first ever visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Ukraine, since diplomatic relations were established between the two countries in the year 1992. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Narendra Modi Honored the Memory of Children Killed by Russian Aggression 23 August 2024 - 13:04 The leaders placed toys at the site of the multimedia martyrology "Children" in Kyiv and honored the memory of the fallen young Ukrainians with a moment of silence. In Unity and with the Blue and Yellow Flag, We Achieve Results That Change History – President During Flag-Raising Ceremony 23 August 2024 - 10:23 On the occasion of National Flag Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy participated in the ceremonial raising of the Ukrainian flag. Olena Zelenska Participated in Presentation of "National Legend of Ukraine" Award to Philanthropist Howard Buffett 22 August 2024 - 22:16 The First Lady noted that Howard Buffett has been helping Ukrainian farmers with equipment and warriors with their rehabilitation. He also funded the construction of a kitchen-factory in Bucha, which will be able to prepare 10,000 meals a day and provide food for more than 30 schools in the Kyiv region. International Compensation Mechanism and Special Tribunal: Bundestag Member Visits Presidential Office 22 August 2024 - 21:07 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Iryna Mudra met with Bundestag member from the Social Democratic Party of Germany Ralf Stegner who visited Ukraine for the first time in over 10 years. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine