1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233411/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=174 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – No terrorist attack will stop our defenders – address of the President of Ukraine 22 October 2022 - 22:10 Together, we are now showing that Ukrainian life cannot be broken. Even if the enemy can leave us temporarily without power, it will still never succeed in leaving us without the desire to make things right, to mend and return them to normal. World community must take active non-standard actions to protect human rights, stop crimes Russia committing – Andriy Yermak at meeting with international human rights organizations 22 October 2022 - 16:43 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with representatives of international human rights organizations regarding access to places of forced detention of Ukrainian prisoners of war by Russia and securing their rights. First Lady of Ukraine presents two projects at the world's largest Frankfurt Book Fair 22 October 2022 - 09:45 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is visiting Germany. The visit began with a meeting with the president of the Landtag (parliament) of the federal state of Hesse, Astrid Wallmann, during which the issue of school education for Ukrainian children in this region was discussed. Ukraine appreciates Norway's strong and coherent stand in support of our country – Ihor Zhovkva 22 October 2022 - 09:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a telephone conversation with Director General of the Department of International Affairs of the Office of the Prime Minister of Norway Tormod C. Endresen. Russian attempts to exacerbate the food crisis are also aggression against every person on earth - address by the President of Ukraine 21 October 2022 - 20:27 The enemy is doing everything to slow down our food exports. I believe that with these actions, Russia is deliberately inciting the food crisis so that it becomes as acute as it was in the first half of this year. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 21 October 2022 - 19:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Friday. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny and Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Kyrylo Budanov reported on the operational situation in the main directions of the front, as well as on the main places of concentration of the forces and means of the enemy and his likely actions in the near future. The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group has prepared a Roadmap for individual sanctions against Russian propagandists, opinion leaders and artists 21 October 2022 - 18:14 The document contains a basic list of Russian propagandists, opinion leaders, artists who generate and spread Kremlin propaganda narratives, lies about Russia's war against Ukraine and thus support policies aimed at undermining the territorial integrity, sovereignty, independence and security of our state. Do everything to let people know about Russia's terror in Ukraine, spread stories about the victories of freedom - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Frankfurt Book Fair 21 October 2022 - 16:39 Knowledge is the answer. I invite all of you to Ukraine - publishers and authors, businessmen and public figures, educators, journalists - everyone! Look at what our people are going through. What we have already managed to achieve. What threats we still face. Take a look - and tell about it. President met with the EBRD President 21 October 2022 - 15:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Odile Renaud-Basso. The Head of State noted that the visit of the EBRD President is an important signal of support for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the delegation of the House of Representatives of the U.S. Congress 21 October 2022 - 14:25 The Head of State noted that the visit of the congressmen to Ukraine is especially important today, when Russia increased its terror againt peaceful cities and civilian infrastructure, hitting them with missiles and Iranian drones. 1 2 ... 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine