1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033029/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=62 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Minister of Foreign Trade of Costa Rica 8 June 2023 - 17:43 Ihor Zhovkva thanked for the important signals in support of Ukraine during participation of Manuel Tovar Rivera in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) ministerial meeting in Paris the day before, in particular for the Costa Rican government's strong condemnation of Russia's unprovoked war against Ukraine and the Russian attack on the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. In Mykolaiv region, the President was briefed on the progress of liquidation of the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam 8 June 2023 - 15:14 During a working visit to Mykolaiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the condition of the main pumping station of the Inhulets River Canal Management, which was flooded due to the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam. President visits evacuation point for victims of Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant destruction in Kherson 8 June 2023 - 11:56 In Kherson, the Head of State also visited one of the points of evacuation from the flooded territories. President held a meeting on the liquidation of consequences of the explosion of the Kakhovka HPP dam in Kherson 8 June 2023 - 11:44 The President instructed to fairly calculate the losses and allocate funds to compensate the residents affected by the disaster. In addition, the Head of State instructed to develop a program to compensate for losses or relocate enterprises within Kherson region. International organizations, such as the ICRC, must immediately join the rescue of people in the occupied part of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2023 - 22:41 The situation in the occupied part of Kherson region is absolutely catastrophic. The occupiers simply abandoned people in these terrible conditions. Without rescue, without water, just on the rooftops in flooded communities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Emmanuel Macron 7 June 2023 - 19:35 The President of Ukraine informed the President of France on the current situation in Kherson region affected as a result of blowing up the dam at the Kakhovka HPP by Russian invaders. An immediate and maximum global response to Russian terror is needed – address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Russian ecocide caused by the blasting of the Kakhovka HPP 7 June 2023 - 00:00 The deliberate destruction of the hydroelectric dam by terrorists looks the same from all corners of the world. For Africa, Europe, the United States, China, Australia, and India, man-made disasters are evil. The disaster at the Kakhovka HPP caused by Russian terrorists will not stop Ukraine and Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 June 2023 - 22:26 I am grateful to everyone who is currently evacuating people from the towns and villages flooded by water from the Kakhovka reservoir. It is very important now to take care of each other and help as much as possible. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia's withdrawal from this war should not be at the expense of Ukraine 6 June 2023 - 20:24 The discussion of the future of the Russian Federation by world leaders is a positive signal, but any scenario cannot be realized at the expense of Ukraine. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives on the occasion of Journalist's Day. Ukraine will start preparing infrastructure for F-16 after the final decision of the partner countries, but there is already an understanding of what to do and where – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 June 2023 - 20:04 As the Head of State noted, during his recent visit to Moldova to participate in the Summit of the European Political Community, he had a very important meeting with the leaders of the countries who confirmed their readiness to provide Ukraine with F-16 aircraft. Now we still need a joint agreement with the United States. 1 2 ... 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine