3 captures 13 Aug 2022 - 10 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220813162533/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majzhe-200-miljoniv-griven-blagodijnih-vneskiv-na-reanimobil-76793 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:21 View all videos n latest news Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:19 Head of state discusses bringing closer victory, development of Ukraine with active youth 12 August 2022 - 19:49 Ihor Zhovkva congratulated the Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia on the start of negotiations on the country's accession to the EU 12 August 2022 - 17:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska took part in the ceremony of honoring the participants of the "Children-rescuers - war heroes" event 12 August 2022 - 16:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Almost UAH 200 mln of charity donations for ambulances collected at Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 30 July 2022 - 15:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska summarized the results of the charity fundraising for ambulance vehicles, which was started on the UNITED24 platform on the eve of the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which took place on July 23. In an interview with the 1+1 TV channel, Zelenska said that the event helped raise about UAH 200 million. "People from 51 countries have already joined the fundraising. The largest number of contributions was sent from Ukraine, the United States, Germany, the UK and Israel. A lot of funds were provided by Ukrainian business," the First Lady of Ukraine said. The fundraising is ongoing. It is continued through the UNITED24 fundraising platform. According to Zelenska, people even sent UAH 1. "There are transfers even of UAH 1 and $1. Any amount is important now. This money will be used for the purchase of ambulances that will save the lives of Ukrainians. I am grateful to everyone who joins our initiative," the wife of the President of Ukraine said, expressing her gratitude. Zelenska also spoke about the results of the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen on the air of the BBC channel. "First ladies have no political influence. But we have something else – an emotional impact. In particular, emotions sometimes provide for cooperation between countries no less than conventional diplomacy. Because when we understand and feel each other, we succeed much more," she said. On July 21, a charity fundraising was launched on the UNITED24 platform for C-type ambulance vehicles. These ambulances are equipped with everything necessary to quickly and safely transport the seriously injured to a hospital, even off-road: oxygen tanks, cardiac monitors and defibrillators, electrocardiographs and lung artificial ventilation devices. The approximate cost of one such vehicle is EUR 100,000. On July 23, at the initiative of the First Lady of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska, the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place. The main goal of the event was to discuss the post-war future of our country and the world, as well as to raise funds for ambulance vehicles for Ukraine. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine