3 captures 10 Sep 2022 - 16 May 2025 Aug SEP Oct 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220910202120/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-ukrayini-proviv-zustrich-z-grupoyu-77653 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:35 View all videos n latest news Currently, the geopolitical configuration in the world is changing, but the completion of the unification of Europe is impossible without Ukraine - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the annual YES meeting 10 September 2022 - 22:32 Since early September, about 2,000 kilometers of Ukraine's territory have already been liberated – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 September 2022 - 21:34 Andriy Yermak meets with former US ambassadors to Ukraine William Taylor and John Herbst 10 September 2022 - 20:54 Head of Office of President of Ukraine holds meeting with group of members of UK Parliament 10 September 2022 - 19:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Presentation of state awards to media representatives by the President of Ukraine 9 September 2022 - 14:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of Office of President of Ukraine holds meeting with group of members of UK Parliament 10 September 2022 - 19:59 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a delegation of members of the UK Parliament, which included representatives of four political forces: the Conservative Party – Robert Seely and Jonathan Djanogly, the Labour Party – Fleur Anderson, Liam Byrne and Stephen Doughty, Liberal Democrats – Richard Foord and the Scottish National Party – Stuart McDonald. Yermak expressed his sincere condolences to the British parliamentarians with regard to the death of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. "We share your loss and grieve together with the people of the UK," the head of the President's Office said. During the negotiations, Yermak briefed the delegation in detail on the situation at the front and the course of events. He said that the security support of our country from partners played an important role in the recent successes of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, along with the commitment of Ukrainian defenders. "The UK is our key ally. We highly appreciate all the help you provide to Ukraine in our struggle for freedom and democracy," Yermak said, noting the importance of further intensification of such support. Separately, the meeting participants discussed the situation in the temporarily occupied territories of our country, paid attention to the extremely important issue of the release of Ukrainian prisoners of war. In this regard, the Ukrainian side is counting on increased pressure on the aggressor from the international community. Yermak informed the partners about the work that is being done to develop a mechanism for new security guarantees for Ukraine, without which stable peace in Europe and the world in general is impossible. The head of the President's Office noted the importance of the key role of the UK in the future mechanism. The issue of coordinating the foreign policy activities of Kyiv and London in certain regions, in particular in Latin America, was also raised. "We will be grateful for support from the UK in strengthening and expanding the anti-war coalition," the head of the Office of the President said. At the meeting, attention was paid to the importance of strengthening macro-financial assistance, which should be facilitated by the intensification of joint work with international financial institutions. Yermak also emphasized the importance of increasing sanctions pressure on the aggressor, as well as recognizing Russia as a terrorist state and said: "Russia behaves like a terrorist, it is a terrorist and should be officially recognized it." At the end of the meeting, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the UK parliamentarians. Among other things, the important role of the Ukrainian President's address to the British Parliament early March this year was noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine