8 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240227050855/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-zlo-u-vijni-staye-budennim-mistectvo-podovzhuye-zhittya-89213 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:34 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the forum "26-2-14: The War Began in Crimea" 27 February 2024 - 00:19 Ukraine launched negotiations with Norway on the conclusion of a bilateral security agreement 26 February 2024 - 20:00 The task of the year is to prove that we can deprive Russia of the advantage in the sky, in politics and in financing aggression – President's address to the leaders of the EU and the U.S. at the summit on support for Ukraine in Paris 26 February 2024 - 19:53 Cooperation and determination are the two answers to the question of ending the war and bringing peace closer – address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2024 - 19:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the forum of the International Platform for the Release of Civilians Illegally Detained in Russia 26 February 2024 - 18:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When evil becomes commonplace in war, art prolongs the life of true emotions – address by the President on the occasion of the opening of the national film festival Cinema for Victory 23 February 2024 - 22:11 Dear Ukrainians, All friends of Ukraine who support us, Tomorrow marks two years since this battle began. A battle for life. The scale of the Russian invasion has shocked the world. The significance of this battle for the entire world is so profound that it has helped us unite dozens of nations from different continents with a common goal – the goal of overcoming Russian evil. The cruelty brought by Russian occupiers to Ukrainian land has created a global emotion – an emotion of disgust towards such Russia. And the heroic resistance of Ukrainians has provided the most reliable connection between our people and the world – the shared conviction of many people that freedom should never lose to killers. I am grateful to all who stood by Ukraine. However, time tends to drain energy from any emotions and ties. Time softens memories and blurs resistance. Everything loses to time, except one thing. Humanity has found only one way to defeat time. And that is art. Now it's impossible to remember most of the news, conversations, and political battles of the past when humanity went through other similar battles. The facts and characters of those times are securely hidden by time. But not all. Art brings back to life everything experienced, and everything felt. And when news becomes routine when evil in war becomes so routine that the routine itself is shocking, not the crimes of war... And when people close their eyes sometimes, art prolongs the life of true emotions. I am confident that the world will never forget Bucha and Mariupol. The stories of the tragedies of this war will be on millions of screens, and therefore in billions of hearts. I am confident that humanity will not lose respect for the heroism of our people. Movies will make this heroism legendary and teach that everyone must make a choice in life – an ethical choice, a choice in favor of life and justice – in favor of Ukraine. I am confident that we will preserve our unity with the world – despite any disinformation storms. Art will be on our side. I want to take this moment to thank and support everyone who preserves this experience of Ukraine and Ukrainians. I am grateful for every screenplay and every film that speaks to the world about our tears and our courage, about the losses of Ukrainians, about all our people, and this battle for our own home. Thank you for making Ukraine a part of the world's experience and emotions. Thank you for such cinema diplomacy! Thanks to everyone who is in Ukraine today, with Ukraine, and who supported this initiative – the artistic initiative. Together, we are approaching the Ukrainian victory. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine