6 captures 15 Mar 2021 - 10 Jun 2024 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061449/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-ta-suspilstvo-mayut-usvidomiti-vsi-zagrozi-informac-67001 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events State and society must realize all information security threats and find ways to counter them - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2021 - 11:38 In the near future, the Center for Countering Disinformation will start operating in Ukraine, which in the future should become an international hub for combating disinformation and propaganda around the world. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Culture, Media, Tourism". The Head of State noted that today there is a struggle in the world between information and disinformation, the victims of which, as in the classic war, can be millions of people. "Some call it the war of tomorrow, the next millennium. But we, Ukrainians, know from personal experience that in fact it has already lasted for years," the President stressed. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, disinformation disguises itself and has a reliable appearance, hides in details, exploits emotions and unwillingness to analyze. "No less dangerous is the fact that our country is being attacked by disinformation not only from the outside, but also from within. When the "great patriots" lie about Novi Sanzhary, about the ban for our defenders on the frontline to shoot, about plates with borscht, or when they call the vaccine a word that actually describes the essence of their actions. After all, in the pursuit of their own popularity, they are ready to jeopardize the safety, life and health of Ukrainians," the President added. The President stressed that the information war is not just disinformation or lies. It is also a cyber threat: malicious codes, viruses, spam. "These are artificially created so-called thought leaders who see better from Spain how to live in Ukraine. These are mass disinformation media that cover sabotage on the instructions of the aggressor with the freedom of speech. We have ensured and continue to work so that only the TV test chart can be seen on these channels. And on the Internet, in particular on YouTube, they were permanently banned," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the next tasks of the state and society are to realize all the threats to information security and find ways to counter them. "Today, Ukraine is at the forefront, including at the forefront of the fight against propaganda. At the United Nations, I took the initiative to establish a Center for Countering Disinformation in Ukraine. It will begin its work in the near future and should become an international hub for combating disinformation and propaganda around the world,” the President said. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for a more conscious and critical attitude to the information we receive from various sources. "Every time we pick up a phone, turn on a computer, a tablet or a TV, we have to turn on critical thinking. Distinguish truth from lies. Avoid information dumps. Read more than the title. Doubt. It is very important. Check any information in multiple sources. Search for the original source. Keep calm," the President stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also called for the introduction of media literacy lessons in the school curriculum. "And those who graduated a long time ago - our parents, grandparents - should be taught what information hygiene, fakes and propaganda are," the Head of State emphasized. ph Participation in the All-Ukrainian Forum “Ukraine 30. Culture. Media. Tourism” 9 March 2021 - 12:20 ph Participation in the All-Ukrainian Forum “Ukraine 30. Culture. Media. Tourism” 9 March 2021 - 12:20 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine