4 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 04 Oct 2023 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202060002/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/energetiki-komunalniki-dsns-pracyuvatimut-cilodobovo-postupo-79385 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Energy workers, utility workers, State Emergency Service will work round the clock; we are gradually connecting new and new districts - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 00:33 Ukrainians! Indomitable people of an indomitable country! I’ve just addressed the UN Security Council and called for a reaction. Reaction to Russian terror. One seat in the Security Council is still occupied, and they tried to say something from there. I am sure that no one in the world wants to hear Russian lies anymore. In reality, this chair is empty. Today, the European Parliament recognized Russia as a terrorist state and called on the EU and member states to create a legal framework so that such a recognition works at the national level throughout Europe and has consequences – precisely legal consequences, not just political ones. And Russia - as if the whole world does not matter - continued its missile attacks today. The United States of America has announced another package of support in the amount of 400 million dollars. Everything necessary so that we can protect the life and freedom of our people. And Russia used missiles for another attack on another hospital and killed... a baby. Life that lasted only two days was cut short. Today, we are deploying Points of Invincibility across the country to support our people. To provide heat, electricity and communication. And Russia spends 67 missiles to hit the very basis of life of any people anywhere in Ukraine and provokes a blackout in Ukraine. When I received reports in the evening on the progress of power restoration, 11 regions were marked "the entire region is without electricity". As of the beginning of the night, we are gradually connecting new and new districts. Energy workers, utility workers, and State Emergency Service will work round the clock. The Kyiv region - the connection of household consumers has begun, 20% are already connected. The Chernihiv region is in a difficult situation, but we are looking for opportunities to provide electricity to people. The Cherkasy region - all critical infrastructure is working, we are doing everything to return energy to household consumers. The Odesa region - water supply is 100% connected, heat - 100%, household electricity consumers - still few, only 10%. But there should be more by morning. Volyn - tens of thousands of consumers are connected, we are working on all others. The Ternopil region - we are connecting district by district. The Lviv region was completely turned off. As of now, 90% are connected. Kyiv is in a very difficult situation. Work will continue throughout the night. We expect the result by tomorrow, in the first half of the day. It is the same in all other cities and communities that were affected or were left without energy. We are doing everything for the people. And the occupiers are doing everything to make people suffer, so that we can't even hear and see each other. Today, our team managed to bring home another 36 Ukrainians. 35 servicemen, one civilian. Two officers, 33 privates and sergeants. In spite of everything, we are saving our people and we will certainly return all the prisoners and deportees. This shows everything very clearly - about us and about them. It shows everything very accurately. The Russian occupiers still haven’t understood that they have only today. And we definitely have tomorrow. And I thank everyone who ensures that with their courage and their effectiveness! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine