24 captures 31 Jul 2019 - 18 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522114230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-chest-dnya-nezalezhnosti-u-kiyevi-vidbudetsya-hoda-gidnos-56637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:51 View all videos n latest news The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Walk of Dignity in honor of Independence Day will take place in Kyiv - Andriy Bohdan 30 July 2019 - 13:02 Ukraine will celebrate Independence Day in a new format this year. Walk of Dignity in honor of the holiday will take place in Kyiv. This was announced by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Bohdan during a briefing. "Instead of the traditional parade in the Soviet traditions with an expensive demonstration of military equipment, the Walk of Dignity will take place on the central street of the capital. This event in the European-style is intended to initiate a new tradition of honoring everyone who is proud of Ukraine," Andriy Bohdan said. It is planned that representatives of different types of troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine will pass along the central street of Kyiv – Khreshchatyk. ATO veterans will be able to join their brigade representatives. Doctors, teachers, athletes, diplomats and volunteers together with the military will also attend the event. "The event will be modern in ideological and technical aspects. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the leadership of the state will take part in the walk. After that, the Head of State will appeal to the Ukrainian people. Also there will be a grand concert in the center of Kyiv, one of the most famous Ukrainian directors is organizing this event," Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine mentioned. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine