1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030329/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=26 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President had a phone call with the President of Guatemala 29 June 2023 - 22:21 The Head of State thanked his colleague for the declaration in support of Ukraine initiated by him at the General Assembly of the Organization of American States (OAS), which was voted for by the majority of the Organization's members. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the 48th Vice President of the United States Mike Pence 29 June 2023 - 20:13 The Head of State expressed gratitude for the loud voice of Mike Pence in support of Ukraine in the US Republican Party. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with business representatives 29 June 2023 - 18:15 The President emphasized that the main priority for our country today is to win the war, and the role of business operating in Ukraine is extremely important in this regard. President of Ukraine held a meeting with members of the International Working Group on Environmental Consequences of War 29 June 2023 - 17:46 The Head of State drew attention to the catastrophic consequences of the blowing up of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam faced by the residents of Kherson region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed the main directions of transformation that Ukraine should implement in a decade 29 June 2023 - 00:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposes to envisage in the Ukrainian Doctrine the main directions of transformation that our country should undergo in ten years. As a full member of NATO, Ukraine will guarantee that peace and freedom will prevail in our region – Head of State, presenting the guidelines of the Ukrainian Doctrine 28 June 2023 - 23:41 Ukraine will reinforce the partnerships and alliances in which it participates; in particular, it has already made the European Union stronger and will strengthen NATO, as it will be a donor of security for the whole of Europe and the world after the victory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The Ukrainian Formula provides for fair peace, therefore it has universal benefit for the world 28 June 2023 - 22:20 According to him, Ukraine is bringing together the world majority for the full implementation of the Peace Formula and is preparing a Global Peace Summit that will allow all nations to show their leadership in the implementation of certain points of the Formula. President of Ukraine suggests developing a policy of heroes for Ukrainian warriors 28 June 2023 - 21:21 “The Ukrainian state needs new principles of gratitude to you, gratitude to all those who fought in the war for Ukraine's freedom and independence. The invaluable experience of Ukrainian warriors should be effectively used in the process of ensuring real security for the world,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects the EU to cancel restrictions on importing Ukrainian food from September 15 28 June 2023 - 20:36 "This is an important moment for us. Especially when Russia blocks our grain initiative, we should at least be able to transit. Transit is also complicated today. But still, this issue goes beyond the bilateral relations of Ukraine and Poland – this issue has already been brought to the level of the European Union," Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda hold meeting in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 19:48 Zelenskyy thanked Nausėda for defense assistance to Ukraine, which reached about 1.5% of Lithuania's GDP. Separately, he noted today's decision to buy two NASAMS launchers by the Republic of Lithuania to transfer them to Ukraine. 1 2 ... 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine