8 captures 16 Jun 2022 - 11 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220616181019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-zaklikala-yes-nadati-ukrayini-status-kandidat-75841 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every day we are fighting for Ukraine to receive the necessary weapons and equipment, but the courage, wisdom and tactical skills of our heroes cannot be imported - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 June 2022 - 22:48 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska called on the EU to grant Ukraine status of a candidate for membership 16 June 2022 - 13:50 Every day we are fighting for Ukraine to receive the necessary weapons and equipment, but the courage, wisdom and tactical skills of our heroes cannot be imported - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 June 2022 - 22:46 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Joseph Biden 15 June 2022 - 21:55 Albania, Montenegro and North Macedonia support Ukraine's course for full membership in the EU - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with the heads of governments of these countries 15 June 2022 - 18:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Presidents of France and Romania, the Chancellor of Germany and the Prime Minister of Italy 16 June 2022 - 14:29 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska called on the EU to grant Ukraine status of a candidate for membership 16 June 2022 - 13:50 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke online at the international conference WomenNOW, which is taking place for the fourth time in the Spanish capital Madrid. The event is dedicated to leadership in volatile times, the power of change and the need for women to lead it. The President's wife thanked Spain for sheltering more than 100,000 Ukrainian temporary migrants. "Imagine: Spain actually saved an entire city. Such as Severodonetsk, which the Russians are bombing at the moment we are talking. Spain receives our soldiers and children with oncology for treatment. Yes, you save lives! Ukrainians will not forget this," she said. Olena Zelenska also appealed to the representatives of the European Union to grant Ukraine the status of a candidate for membership: “On June 23-24, the European Council will consider granting Ukraine the status of a candidate for EU membership. This is what is now awaited in every trench and in every bomb shelter. To be invited to Europe no longer as refugees, but as like-minded people and allies. People who are now fighting not only for themselves, but also for the aggressor not to come to Europe. Someone will ask: what do we have to join the EU? I will say: we have the main thing - we value human life." The conference was also attended by other female leaders, including Third Vice-President of the Government of Spain and Minister for Ecological Transition and Demographic Challenge Teresa Ribera, Economist and Professor at University College London Mariana Mazzucato, Director of Business Development at Santander Bank Cristina Alvarez, Paralympic Games contestant Sara Andres (Spain), former Vice President of the National Assembly of Afghanistan Fawzia Koofi. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine