4 captures 27 Oct 2023 - 23 May 2025 Sep OCT Nov 27 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231027173458/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-samiti-investuj-u-zhinok-86633 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are expanding our capabilities and seeing the end of the war with a Ukrainian victory more clearly – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 October 2023 - 21:33 View all videos n latest news Pilot cycle of program aimed at fostering human capital development launched at the initiative of the Fund of the President of Ukraine 27 October 2023 - 19:53 Head of State discusses Grain from Ukraine Initiative, situation in the Middle East with President of the UAE 27 October 2023 - 18:44 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awards orders of Golden Star to families of 21 fallen Heroes of Ukraine: All the names that will be mentioned today are the names of valor 27 October 2023 - 17:20 Olena Zelenska takes part in Invest in Women summit 27 October 2023 - 12:55 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska takes part in Invest in Women summit 27 October 2023 - 12:55 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska participated in the Invest in Women High-level summit, which took place during the open debate of the United Nations Security Council on Women, Peace, and Security on October 25-26 at the United Nations headquarters in New York, the United States. The UN Women's Peace and Humanitarian Fund (WPHF) invited the wife of the President of Ukraine as a key speaker at the summit. Since its establishment in 2016, the UN Women's Peace and Humanitarian Fund has been supporting women's organizations, activists, and human rights defenders to increase investments in women, particularly women leaders in civil society, including in Ukraine. The fund states, "While their courage moves and inspires the world, local women leaders in Ukraine more than ever need the political support and financial resources they deserve." Olena Zelenska participated in the event via a video link and expressed her gratitude to the organizers for addressing such an important topic and for supporting Ukrainian women in the face of the Russian aggression. "When we talk about women who work in crisis conditions, about women who, despite the danger, without hesitation take on leadership roles, about women who lose everything due to war and start over, Ukraine and Ukrainian women have something to say about it. Every second small-sized business in Ukraine is run by women. What's more, I would say these are remarkable women – 67% of them have higher education, and every fifth woman even has two degrees. It's these women who, in the past year and a half, have lost and continue to lose everything – not just their homes but also their businesses and jobs. It's good they are fortunate to stay alive. 95% of our women entrepreneurs have felt the impact of the war. If they haven't lost what they had, they've lost many opportunities, being set back in their development," the First Lady said. At the same time, she said that Ukrainian women do not give up in the face of difficulties – they open new businesses to replace the ones destroyed and acquire new professions. "Women who have become forced displaced persons abroad also don't want to remain passive recipients of aid. They seek subjectivity and activity. Thus, every tenth new business in Poland, which has taken in the most of our refugees, is Ukrainian. I call on the governments of our friends to provide opportunities for women's entrepreneurship and activism. You will see that our women don't want to rely solely on aid. They want and deserve to be active participants in the economy," Olena Zelenska said. The President's wife said that Ukrainian women are the face of our resistance. According to her, there are nearly 60,000 women in the Ukrainian Armed Forces, which is the highest figure among NATO countries' armies. Five thousand women are actively involved in combat operations. "Right now, the government is considering what it can offer to these women when they return to civilian life. For instance, the government has adopted a strategy to reduce the gender gap. This strategy aims to enable these young, dedicated veterans with skills and entrepreneurial experience to fulfill their potential and unfold their capabilities. It's about ensuring that all their experience contributes to growth," the First Lady said. Olena Zelenska said that by investing in women, the world is investing in its own growth. As stated in the McKinsey Global Institute report, if women achieve gender equality in the labor market, it could add 26% to the global annual GDP by 2025. The Invest in Women high-level summit brought together government officials, civil society leaders, UN representatives, prominent individuals, and philanthropists who aim to address critical funding gaps for local women's and human rights organizations operating in unstable and conflict-affected regions. Notable participants in the summit included UN Secretary-General António Guterres, Nobel Peace Prize laureate, journalist, politician, and human rights activist Tawakkol Karman, and actress, producer, and Global Advocate of the UN Women's Peace and Humanitarian Fund Kristen Bell. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine