18 captures 25 Mar 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230325135316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-prezentuvala-ukrayinskij-audiogid-dlya-nacion-79689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine to the graduates of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odessa Maritime Academy" 25 March 2023 - 11:32 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine to the graduates of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odessa Maritime Academy" 25 March 2023 - 11:31 The enemy must know: Ukraine won't forgive offenses against our people, won't forgive these deaths and injuries – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 March 2023 - 20:10 Head of Office of Ukraine's President holds meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania 24 March 2023 - 19:26 President of Ukraine held a meeting with the delegation of the World Bank 24 March 2023 - 17:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the festivities marking the NGU's 9th anniversary and the graduation of officers of the NGU National Academy and the NGU Kyiv Institute 24 March 2023 - 13:26 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska presented a Ukrainian audio guide for the National Museum of Qatar 7 December 2022 - 10:10 The Ukrainian-language audio guide was launched at the National Museum of Qatar. The project was implemented in the framework of the implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Embassy of Ukraine in the State of Qatar and the State Administration of the "Museum of Qatar", which was signed during the official visit of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Qatar on April 5, 2021 in the presence of First Lady Olena Zelenska. The implementation of the project to create audio guides in the Ukrainian language in museums of the world at the initiative of the wife of the Ukrainian President has been taking place since 2020. Olena Zelenska emphasized: before the full-scale war, more than 40 such audio guides were launched, and now the 51st guide has been launched in the 33rd country of the world. She noted the importance of the project during the war, when millions of Ukrainians are forced to seek refuge in other countries. "Our language is where the Ukrainians are. They bring and reveal it to the world. But it should also meet its people where it is needed. At a time when Ukraine is fighting for itself, for its very existence and for the life of each of our people, language unites like nothing else," she said. The Qatar National Museum was opened in 1978 and renovated in 2019. The facility has an innovative design developed by Pritzker Prize-winning French architect Jean Nouvel: it is built in the shape of a "desert rose" that organically "grows" around the original palace of Sheikh Abdullah bin Jassim Al Thani, one of the former Emirs of the State of Qatar. The palace is an important symbol of Qatar's past, having been the family home of Abdullah Al Thani and the residence of government for 25 years during his reign. Now the palace is the heart of the new museum. The Ukrainian language became the second foreign language after English, in which the accompaniment of the museum exposition was voiced. Information content in Ukrainian is available in the profile of the museum on SoundCloud streaming platform of digital sound information. Visitors can go to the profile of the museum and choose the appropriate audio guide through a QR code that can be scanned at the entrance. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine