6 captures 05 Aug 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240805085104/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Greeting on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 4 August 2024 - 18:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Our Task Is to Preserve and Strengthen the Resilience of Our States – President During the Meeting with Ukrainian Community in Poland 8 July 2024 - 20:25 In Warsaw, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Ukrainian community, including volunteers, medical professionals, educators, civil activists, and members of religious organizations. Defense Cooperation and the Needs of Our Defense Forces: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Andrzej Duda 8 July 2024 - 18:00 The Head of State thanked Andrzej Duda for Poland's support of Ukraine and its contribution to the fight against Russian aggression. New Defense Package, Restoring Energy Security, and Training the Ukrainian Legion: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Donald Tusk 8 July 2024 - 16:48 The Head of State thanked Poland for its continued support of Ukraine and highlighted the cooperation in bolstering Ukrainian air defense. Ukraine Initiates Emergency UN Security Council Meeting Following Today's Russian Attack – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 July 2024 - 15:46 As a result of today's Russian strike on Ukraine, over a hundred people were injured. Currently, 31 fatalities have been reported. The attendees honored their memory with a moment of silence. Ukraine and Poland Have Signed a Security Agreement: the Document Enables the Interception of Russian Missiles and Drones 8 July 2024 - 14:47 In Warsaw, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk signed the Agreement on Security Cooperation between Ukraine and the Republic of Poland. Agreement on Security Cooperation between Ukraine and the Republic of Poland 8 July 2024 - 14:45 The Meeting Between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Donald Tusk Began in Warsaw 8 July 2024 - 12:48 It is planned to hold talks on the continuation of defense cooperation, support for Ukraine on its path to European integration and expectations from the NATO Summit, which will be held in Washington. The parties will also discuss Poland's participation in Ukraine's recovery, trade development and humanitarian cooperation. Security Situation in the Odesa Region: President Held a Meeting with Regional Leadership 7 July 2024 - 21:33 Head of the Odesa Regional Military Administration Oleh Kiper reported on the preparations for the heating season, the protection of energy facilities, the connection of floating power plants, and the construction of fortifications in the region. In Odesa, the President Visited Wounded Navy Servicemen and Congratulated Them on Ukrainian Navy Day 7 July 2024 - 21:11 In Odesa, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Secretary of State for Defense of the United Kingdom John Healey visited a hospital where Navy servicemen wounded in battles with Russian occupiers are being treated. President Discussed Defense Support and Bilateral Cooperation with the UK Defense Secretary 7 July 2024 - 20:51 In Odesa, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the newly appointed Secretary of State for Defense of the United Kingdom John Healey. The meeting was also attended by Chief of the Defense Staff of the United Kingdom Tony Radakin. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine