1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – We are doing everything to maintain the world's maximum attention to Ukraine and our needs - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 May 2022 - 23:01 This week, as always, there will be a lot of international activity in which I will take part. The key is weapons and financial support for Ukraine. Finances not only to maintain stability now, but also to begin rebuilding what Russia has ruined. Support for Ukraine means working to prevent a global famine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2022 - 22:51 More and more countries around the world are realizing that Russia, by blocking the Black Sea for us and continuing this war, puts dozens of other countries at risk of a price crisis in the food market and even famine. This is another incentive for our anti-war coalition to act more decisively together. President met with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the upper house of the United States Congress headed by the leader of the Republican minority in the Senate Mitchell McConnell. Ukraine does not have extra six months to wait for the EU oil embargo as Russia continues to kill our citizens - Oleg Ustenko 14 May 2022 - 12:53 The European Union's embargo on Russian oil imports must take effect immediately, as Ukraine cannot wait another six months while Russia continues killing our citizens. This was stated by Adviser to the President of Ukraine Oleg Ustenko in an interview with the international media organization Project Syndicate. The European Union and NATO will not be strong today without Ukraine - Andriy Yermak 14 May 2022 - 08:36 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that today Ukraine needs the unity of Europe in supporting our country, in particular on its path to membership in the European Union, and imposing more effective sanctions on Russia, especially the oil embargo. To work every day to make the war shorter - this is our priority - address by the President of Ukraine 13 May 2022 - 23:08 Every day of war is an increase in global threats, it is a new opportunity for Russia to provoke instability in other parts of the world, not only here in Europe. And these are new lost lives in Ukraine: Ukrainian men and women who give their lives so that everyone can live freely. Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:02 She thanked the wives of the presidents for the warm welcome of Ukrainian citizens, the opportunity given to Ukrainians to receive medical and educational services on an equal footing with the citizens of their countries. Ukrainians have shown that you can have no fear and fight with one of the largest armies in the world - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2022 - 16:47 The Ukrainian people have shown that you can have no fear and fight with one of the largest armies in the world, so Ukraine's membership in NATO would strengthen this organization. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with CNN. President of Ukraine: If Russia wants peace, it must withdraw its troops from our land 13 May 2022 - 16:07 Given all the crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine, Ukrainian society is not ready for dialogue with the Russian side, but President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is ready to continue negotiations to end the war, liberate the occupied territories and save lives. This was stated by the President in an interview with the Porta a Porta project of the Italian TV channel Rai 1. Russia's strategic defeat is obvious to everyone in the world, Russia simply lacks courage to admit it so far - address by the President of Ukraine 12 May 2022 - 23:16 They are cowards. And they are trying to hide the truth behind missile, air and artillery strikes. Therefore, our task is to fight until we achieve our goals in this war. Free our land, our people and reliably ensure our security. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine