1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309020255/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=14 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Constant monitoring of Russia's human rights violations in the occupied territories of Donbas and Crimea is urgently needed - Ihor Zhovkva 8 April 2021 - 14:06 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights Dunja Mijatović who is in Ukraine on a contact mission. Andriy Yermak met with the President of the humanitarian organization "Yahad-In Unum" 8 April 2021 - 13:46 Andriy Yermak thanked Father Patrick Desbois for his activities in the field of Holocaust research and for visiting Ukraine during the pandemic to take part in events related to Babyn Yar. According to him, for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, this project is extremely important as a reminder that such a tragedy should never happen again. Head of the President's Office discussed the security situation in Donbas with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 7 April 2021 - 21:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with International Affairs Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Quarrey. The Center for Countering Disinformation should become an international hub for collecting and analyzing information to ensure Ukraine's security and help our partners - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with foreign diplomats 6 April 2021 - 15:40 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Finland, Israel, as well as the heads of the EU and NATO missions in Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the work of the Center for Countering Disinformation and discussed opportunities for cooperation in information security. As regards the events in Jordan 4 April 2021 - 10:14 We wish the people of Jordan peace and prosperity. Roman Mashovets and Canadian Ambassador discussed Russia's non-compliance with the silence regime and the state of Ukraine's defense sector reform 2 April 2021 - 09:12 Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets met with Canadian Ambassador to Ukraine Larisa Galadza to discuss the deteriorating situation in the east of our country, ways to deter Russian aggression and the state and prospects of reforming Ukraine's national security and defense sector. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets and Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov discussed the security situation in Donbas and Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration 1 April 2021 - 15:34 Roman Mashovets thanked for NATO's support in the issue of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration and bringing it closer to the standards of the North Atlantic Alliance. Ihor Zhovkva and the diplomatic advisor to the President of Portugal discussed prospects of cooperation between the two countries 30 March 2021 - 17:36 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the Portuguese Republic Maria Amélia Paiva. Head of the President's Office had a phone conversation with Jacob Sullivan, the National Security Advisor to the U.S. President 29 March 2021 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak thanked the United States for a clear and consistent policy in support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and Poland took place in the format of a video conference 29 March 2021 - 19:29 The XXIX meeting of the Advisory Committee of the Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Poland was held with the participation of Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Secretary of State of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Krzysztof Szczerski in the format of a video conference. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine