5 captures 10 Nov 2022 - 06 May 2024 Oct NOV Dec 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221110114921/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-z-grupoyu-glav-misij-derzhav-c-78937 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The enemy does not bring us gifts, "gestures of goodwill," we fight our way up – address of President of Ukraine 9 November 2022 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news The enemy does not bring us gifts, "gestures of goodwill," we fight our way up – address of President of Ukraine 9 November 2022 - 22:44 Olena Zelenska takes part in opening of Survivor Relief Centre in Kyiv 9 November 2022 - 19:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 9 November 2022 - 17:24 Roman Mashovets holds meeting with diplomats of Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary 9 November 2022 - 16:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Railway Worker 4 November 2022 - 15:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a group of heads of delegations of NATO member states 3 November 2022 - 23:14 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the heads of delegations of NATO member states to the headquarters of the Alliance, who are on a working visit to Ukraine. Representatives of ten foreign countries took part in the meeting: Permanent Representative of Albania to NATO Visho Ajazi Lika, Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to NATO Zlatin Krastev (Chargé d'affaires a.i.), Permanent Representative of Estonia to NATO Jüri Luik, Permanent Representative of Latvia to NATO Edgars Skuja, Permanent Representative of Lithuania to NATO Deividas Matulionis, Permanent Representative of Poland to NATO Tomasz Szatkowski, Permanent Representative of Slovakia to NATO Peter Bator, Permanent Representative of North Macedonia to NATO Dane Taleski, Permanent Representative of Romania to NATO Dănuţ-Sebastian Neculăescu, Permanent Representative of the Czech Republic to NATO Jakub Landovský, as well as Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva and Head of Ukraine's Mission to NATO Nataliia Galibarenko. Andriy Yermak noted the importance of their visit to Ukraine at a time when our capital and other cities are facing another wave of Russian attacks with missiles and drones. According to him, such visits are a powerful signal of support for our country from the countries - members of the Alliance. The Head of the President’s Office informed the interlocutors about the current situation at the front, noting the advance of Ukrainian troops in the south of the country with the aim of de-occupying Ukrainian lands. "We liberate parts of our territory every day. The situation in Donbas remains very difficult, in particular in the Bakhmut region, where a significant number of Russian forces is concentrated," he said. Andriy Yermak emphasized the need to develop a strong position of NATO member countries on a number of important issues. "Especially with regard to these air attacks by missiles and drones, as well as with regard to the recent attempts of illegal annexation of Ukrainian territories by Russia," said the Head of the President's Office. He reminded that at the end of September, Ukraine submitted an application to join NATO, and many countries already uphold the possibility of our country becoming a member of the Alliance. But such a decision requires the consensus of all NATO member countries. Andriy Yermak also expressed hope for the formation of wider support within the Alliance for Euro-Atlantic perspectives of Ukraine. "We expect confirmation of the Alliance's open door policy in the context of Ukraine's application for membership, as well as the expansion of assistance to Ukraine to strengthen air defense. In addition, we expect progress in the dialogue with NATO member countries regarding security guarantees," he noted and recalled that an international group of experts co-chaired by Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine, which can become the basis of the Kyiv Security Compact. Andriy Yermak also emphasized the importance of rebuilding Ukraine and eliminating the consequences of the Russian invasion. According to him, two major conferences were held in Lugano and Berlin, dedicated to the plan for the restoration of our state. However, now the Ukrainian side is focused on the implementation of the Fast Recovery Plan. "Because 24/7 we live in a situation where all our services are working to provide citizens with light and heat, so that people have a place to live," he explained. In addition, the Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of a clear and powerful reaction by the leaders of NATO member states to the nuclear blackmail and threats of the Russian Federation. "These eight months, during which Ukraine, with the support of its partners, is resisting Russian aggression, have shown that it is possible not to be afraid, and confirmed the leadership of NATO as the most powerful military and political alliance in the world," Andriy Yermak noted. "Ukraine demonstrates that it can successfully fight the aggressor and confirms that it is capable of winning with the help of its partners. We are sure of our victory," added the Head of the Office of the President. Andriy Yermak expressed his conviction that Ukraine, which will become a member of the Alliance in the future, will only strengthen its positions. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva informed foreign partners about the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy regarding the conclusion of joint declarations on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. "The first such declaration was signed between Ukraine and the Czech Republic at the beginning of this week. I hope that your countries will also support this initiative," he said. In addition, Ihor Zhovkva emphasized the importance of our country receiving from the Alliance as soon as possible means to counter UAVs in the framework of NATO's Comprehensive Assistance Package for Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine