6 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 16 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202124954/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=29-09-2021&date-to=29-09-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak discusses support of Ukraine on way to OECD membership, creation of special tribunal on crime of aggression with heads of foreign diplomatic missions 16 September 2022 - 21:07 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions. The meeting was devoted to the issue of our country's accession to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the creation of an ad hoc criminal tribunal to prosecute the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Olena Zelenska holds more video conversations with wives of heads of state and government participated in second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 16 September 2022 - 20:18 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska continues video conversations with representatives of the countries that joined this year's Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. Last week, she talked to the wives of the heads of state and government of Poland, Germany, Ecuador and Greece. Zelenskyy takes part in awarding winners of Hero-Rescuer of the Year national action 16 September 2022 - 18:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in awarding the laureates of the Hero-Rescuer of the Year national action and congratulated the employees of the State Emergency Service on the upcoming professional holiday. In less than three months, Ukraine fulfilled about half of the recommendations of the European Commission - Ihor Zhovkva 16 September 2022 - 15:36 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Minister of European Affairs of the Czech Republic Mikuláš Bek. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 September 2022 - 14:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Friday. We must show that there will be a tough and principled reaction to every manifestation of Russian terror - address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 23:39 In response, we must show that there will always be a tough and principled reaction to every manifestation of Russian terror. That is why the eighth EU sanctions package is needed - we talked about it with Mrs. Ursula. A principled decision by the United States of America regarding the terrorist state is also needed. As part of the ongoing dialogue, Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhnyy held a telephone conversation with Jacob Sullivan and Mark Milley 15 September 2022 - 22:54 The Head of Presidential Office of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and the Commander-in-Chief of the Ukrainian Armed Forces General Valerii Zaluzhny held a phone conversation with the US President's National Security Advisor Jacob Sullivan and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Mark Milley as part of the ongoing dialogue. Obtaining air defense systems is one of the priorities for Ukraine, it will ensure security to the people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 September 2022 - 20:15 A priority for Ukraine today is to obtain air defense and anti-missile systems that will protect citizens and civil infrastructure from constant attacks by Russia. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv. The name of Ursula von der Leyen appeared on the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 15 September 2022 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen took part in the unveiling of a symbolic plaque on the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv dedicated to the European leader. President of Ukraine discussed financial and energy support for our country with the President of the European Commission 15 September 2022 - 18:22 The Head of State thanked the President of the European Commission for the visit and noted her important role in the defense and financial support of Ukraine during the war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked Ursula von der Leyen for her efforts on Ukraine’s acquisition of the status of a candidate for membership in the European Union. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine