78 captures 10 Dec 2022 - 17 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221210063811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/duh-ukrayini-ce-duh-svobodi-yakij-vidgukuyetsya-v-dushah-lyu-79741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:05 View all videos n latest news Roman Mashovets meets with Ambassador of Estonia to Ukraine 9 December 2022 - 22:31 Head of President's Office holds meeting with journalists from Vatican, representatives of Catholic media 9 December 2022 - 22:27 Russia's full-scale aggression against Ukraine evidences crisis of international human rights protection system, necessary to look for ways to reform it – Andriy Yermak 9 December 2022 - 21:04 To involve the world in the implementation of the peace formula is now one of the key tasks for Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 December 2022 - 20:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in "UA: Human Rights in Dark Times" International Conference in Kyiv 9 December 2022 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The spirit of Ukraine is the spirit of freedom that echoes in the souls of people around the world - President's speech at the Time event dedicated to the announcement of remarkable people and events of 2022 9 December 2022 - 11:10 Ladies and Gentlemen! It is an honor for me – to represent the struggle of Ukrainians and the Spirit of Ukraine. The spirit of freedom, that echoes in the souls of so many people around the world... Stories of heroes, who are fighting for independence, are also – your stories. Ordinary men and women who became brave-hearts, when they joined the Defence Forces to defend freedom, – different generations of different nations knew this spirit. Doctors, who save the wounded under bombs, during blackouts or in occupation – no matter what it takes. It is about humanness, that we all value so dearly. Farmers, who work the land under the roaring guns. It is about natural desire to live and take care of one’s families and communities. Journalists, who spread the truth – it is in the history of how to resist tyrants. The history, which began even before the word “journalism” appeared. This is what inspires across all continents – freedom fighters, who may possess nothing, but courage to defeat those with armored vehicles and repression experience. When freedom wins and tyranny collapses, people are smiling the same way all over the globe. Lawyers, who do not yet see the upcoming victory in war, but are already working to ensure that war criminals are brought to justice, – this is the Nuremberg Trials story with many other just verdicts, that were delivered to those, who believed in their impunity. This is the spirit! You have already seen the spirit of Ukraine on the covers of Time Magazine – not on each one, but on many. They were not Ukrainians – on the covers before, but they were – courage, striving for freedom, solidarity, creativity and dedication, – values well known to the mankind from a long time ago and which united the world this year with the colors of the Ukrainian national flag and our people’s achievements. This is the free world spirit. And let's do everything for our spirit to win! I thank you for your attention! Thank you for supporting Ukraine! Слава Україні! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine