8 captures 20 Oct 2019 - 30 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220525190825/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/normandska-chetvirka-maye-virishiti-pitannya-zvilnennya-vsih-57333 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Ihor Zhovkva discussed with Konrad Szymański Poland’s support for Ukraine during the war with Russia and on the path to EU membership 25 May 2022 - 16:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: Both Ukraine and Western countries need unity and self-confidence today 25 May 2022 - 15:24 The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:55 Olena Zelenska spoke about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 22:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Normandy Four must resolve the issue of release of all detained persons and set clear deadlines for the withdrawal of troops - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 September 2019 - 15:05 At the next meeting in the Normandy format, the issue of the final release of detained persons in the "all for all" format must be resolved and clear terms of troops separation along the delimitation line in Donbas must be determined, as stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. “What should be the steps there? The main steps are to resolve the issue - not to raise, but to resolve the issue of the final release of all our prisoners. "All for all" - we can call it that way. The second step is the final solution to the issue of troops separation - with clear terms: Zolote, Petrivske, and then - clear terms of separation along the entire touch line. Third, if we discuss local elections in the temporarily occupied territories, we must understand that there will be a clear schedule for the withdrawal of all troops from the occupied territories before the elections,” the Head of State noted, answering journalists' questions after the meeting with President of Slovakia Zuzana Čaputová in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded that the last meeting of the Normandy Four took place in October 2016. “Hence, I expect this meeting to finally take place. When we have a war in the country, we cannot have a meeting once every three to four years. We can't wait that long, because our men die every day,” the President stressed. He recalled that on September 2 there was a meeting in the Normandy format at the level of advisers to the heads of state. “They have prepared everything and said that we wanted not to raise issues at the meeting, but to solve them,” the Head of State emphasized. The President of Ukraine hopes that the meeting in the Normandy format will be effective. “I expect that European countries will support Ukraine's position. I really want to believe in that. And I expect that after that, the meetings in the Normandy format will take place not once in 3 years, but very often, until we resolve all the issues related to the return of our territories and the end of the war,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia 16 September 2019 - 12:29 ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Slovakia 16 September 2019 - 12:29 © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko © Photo by Mykola Lazarenko Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine