7 captures 19 Oct 2022 - 25 Jun 2024 Sep OCT Nov 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221019214524/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-zaklikav-niderlandi-dopomogti-ukrayini-v-p-78577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:09 View all videos n latest news Occupiers will try to recruit men into their army, avoid this as much as you can – address of President of Ukraine 19 October 2022 - 23:06 Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak meets with European Commissioner Janez Lenarčič 19 October 2022 - 20:48 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Foreign Minister of Greece 19 October 2022 - 19:28 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 In addition to fighting the Russian aggressor on the battlefield, Ukraine is forced to quickly overcome the challenges associated with eliminating the aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities to ensure the normal life of peaceful citizens. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko when delivering a speech online at the Ukraine Reconstruction and Recovery Conference, which is ongoing in The Hague. "Ukraine is actually in a state of war and daily overcomes unprecedented challenges. Over the past two weeks, the occupiers, using cruise missiles and kamikaze drones of Iranian origin, have systematically and daily mounted terrorist attacks on the critical energy infrastructure of Ukraine. And now, during our communication, missiles and drones are flying over the territory of Ukraine," he said. As Tymoshenko said, the terrorist state is purposefully destroying Ukrainian power plants, CHPPs and other critical infrastructure facilities every day. And every day, often under fire, Ukrainian energy workers and engineers are trying to restore the destroyed facilities and prevent the interruption of the supply of electricity, heat and water throughout the country. "However, it is becoming more and more difficult to do this in view of the increase in the number of destroyed objects," the deputy head of the Office of the President added. Tymoshenko said that, as of now, more than 30% of critical infrastructure facilities have been destroyed by Russian strikes. "They do it deliberately. Their goal is to leave the country without power and heat on the eve of winter. This is a real genocide of Ukrainians, which the Russians have resorted to more than once in their history," he said. In this context, the deputy head of the President's Office said: Ukraine needs equipment that will ensure the functioning of mobile and stationary heating points for the population. He called on the Netherlands to help in this direction. "I want to call on the Netherlands to become a leader in helping Ukraine survive a possible blackout – no power, heating and water supply in the homes of Ukrainians, saving thousands of lives of our people," Tymoshenko said. As the deputy head of the Office of the President said, as of the 238th day of the full-scale war, 97,406 destroyed infrastructure objects in all regions of the country were recorded in the dedicated online system. He called on the Netherlands to actively participate in the implementation of the Fast Recovery Plan, which provides for the restoration of the most urgent facilities, which will enable Ukrainians to return home and survive the winter period normally. Tymoshenko informed about the principles of implementation of this project with the involvement of the mechanisms of the Ukraine Recovery Fund. The deputy head of the President's Office thanked the Netherlands for the initiative of holding a national business forum on the reconstruction and recovery of Ukraine and the country's government for considering the possibility of patronage over Kherson region. According to Tymoshenko, the event with the participation of government officials, representatives of the Agency for Entrepreneurship and the National Business Association is a real opportunity to discuss and find solutions to the challenges Ukraine faces, in particular, those related to the urgent recovery of critical infrastructure. "We in Ukraine highly appreciate the support of the Dutch government and Prime Minister Rutte personally, who was in Ukraine on official visits already several times during the war, as well as the country's broad participation in reconstruction projects in Ukraine," Tymoshenko said. "I hope that today's Conference will be another important step on this path," the deputy head of the President's Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine