9 captures 19 Jun 2022 - 18 May 2025 May JUN Jul 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220619103208/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-likarnyu-v-odesi-ta-vruchiv-nagorodi-75905 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 06:12 View all videos n latest news We will not give away the south to anyone, we will return everything that’s ours and the sea will be Ukrainian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 June 2022 - 05:56 President visited a hospital in Odesa and presented awards to medics 18 June 2022 - 20:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the situation in the Odesa region 18 June 2022 - 19:10 In an interview with The Guardian, Olena Zelenska spoke about the situation of Ukrainian families during the war 18 June 2022 - 18:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 18 June 2022 - 13:56 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President visited a hospital in Odesa and presented awards to medics 18 June 2022 - 20:05 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the work of a hospital in Odesa. The Head of State inspected the trauma department and talked to wounded servicemen undergoing treatment at a medical facility. On the eve of the professional holiday of medical workers, the President presented state awards and conferred honorary and military titles upon medics. "The war is on the frontline, where our soldiers, our army are. But you are also on the frontline - saving our lives, helping wounded servicemen, helping civilians who come to you every day. We are proud that there are such doctors in our state. I want to wish you good health, because you are carrying out a great mission, saving the lives of our people every day," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. ph Working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 18 June 2022 - 13:56 ph Working trip to the Mykolaiv and Odesa regions 18 June 2022 - 13:56 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine