3 captures 12 Sep 2024 - 17 Jul 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240912002614/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=183 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva met with the Board Chairperson of EQUINET 7 September 2023 - 21:28 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with the delegation of the European Network of Equality Bodies (EQUINET) headed by Ombudswoman of the Republic of Croatia Tena Šimonović Einwalter and Ombudsman for Equality in Sweden Lars Arrhenius. Strengthening energy sanctions can have a significant impact on the aggressor and bring the end of the war closer - Andriy Yermak 7 September 2023 - 21:03 The International Working Group on Sanctions Against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former National Security Advisor to the President of the United States, Ambassador Michael McFaul, has prepared two new documents: on strengthening energy sanctions and on the importance of confiscating Russian state assets. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Israel 7 September 2023 - 20:31 The President emphasized the importance of Israel's support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. He expressed gratitude for providing shelter to Ukrainian citizens who fled to Israel as a result of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rishi Sunak discussed the functioning of the "grain corridor" and the continuation of defense cooperation 7 September 2023 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. President of Ukraine on the Day of Military Intelligence: Thanks to intelligence officers and all our defense and security forces, Ukrainians feel that we can beat Russia 7 September 2023 - 16:30 On the Day of Military Intelligence of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and presented high state awards. President introduces new Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov 7 September 2023 - 13:05 The Head of State noted that today the Ministry of Defense has a new agency, as it is responsible for coordinating the entire defense sector. The 3rd Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv 7 September 2023 - 10:28 It is an international dialog platform for spouses of the world's top leaders, launched in 2021 to share experiences and implement joint projects for the well-being of people on the planet. The theme of the 3rd Summit is "Mental Health: Fragility and Resilience of the Future". Every manifestation of the world's consolidation really helps save lives – address of President of Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:31 I am grateful to everyone in the world who condemned this latest manifestation of Russian evil and supports Ukraine, our people. And it is very important that the response to Russian terror was even greater consolidation of the world. Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Antony Blinken discuss further support for Ukraine 6 September 2023 - 23:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken, visiting our country. Restrictions against Ukrainian exports now are scaling up of destruction caused by Russian terrorists – address of the President of Ukraine to participants of the Summit of the Three Seas Initiative 6 September 2023 - 21:07 May solidarity continue to unite us! May the whole Europe, from the Danube to the Vistula, continue to be a space of cooperation. 1 2 ... 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine