8 captures 13 Jul 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240713231611/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golos-ukrayini-maye-zvuchati-vsyudi-olena-zelenska-pid-chas-92145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I Invite You to Build People-to-People Connections That Will Last Forever – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Meeting of the US National Governors Association 12 July 2024 - 23:26 View all videos n latest news Preparation of the Security Agreement and Return of Ukrainian Children: the President of Ukraine met with the Taoiseach of Ireland 13 July 2024 - 16:29 We Need Your Help to Save Lives and Rebuild – Olena Zelenska at the Meeting with American Businessmen and Philanthropists 13 July 2024 - 15:52 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Hollywood Actor Matthew McConaughey and Invited Him to Support the UNITED24 Platform 13 July 2024 - 10:00 Reconstruction of Ukraine and Support on the Path to NATO: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with U.S. Congressional Delegation 13 July 2024 - 01:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The Voice of Ukraine Should Be Heard Everywhere – Olena Zelenska at the Meeting with the Spouses of US Governors 12 July 2024 - 22:56 During their visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited Salt Lake City, the capital of Utah. "I am glad to be here for the first time, in a state that helps our country so much. The voice of Ukraine should be heard everywhere," the President's wife said. Olena Zelenska met with the spouses of U.S. Governors – members of the National Governors Association, which includes the leaders of all 50 states and five territories (American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands). "Being here today is important to me. It is important because the United States is a leader in supporting Ukraine. Your help today is a matter of our survival as a free democratic state. Because our enemy is really strong. Putin's Russia spares no human, technical or financial resources to destroy Ukraine," Olena Zelenska said. She spoke about the Russian attacks on Ukrainian cities and communities, in particular the recent shelling of Kyiv, Dnipro, Kryvyi Rih, and the Donetsk region, and the strikes on the Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital, enterprises, and apartment buildings that resulted in 44 deaths, including five children. The First Lady particularly outlined ways to support Ukraine, describing the activities of the Olena Zelenska Foundation, which is using financial support from foreign donors to build school shelters and housing for large foster families, rebuild damaged hospitals, and provide ambulances to medical facilities. "For more than two years now, my daily mission has been to spread information about the crimes Russia is committing in my country. And it is also my mission to talk about how we can help. It is very important that every international meeting becomes a step towards understanding and support between Ukraine and the civilized world," the President's wife emphasized. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine