41 captures 18 Jun 2024 - 27 Feb 2026 May JUN Jul 18 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240618231211/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lishe-vstanovlennya-spravedlivogo-miru-ta-prityagnennya-agre-91613 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Discussed Peace Summit Outcomes and Further Contacts Development with Advisor to the President of South Africa 18 June 2024 - 22:41 We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 20:56 The President Met with the Speaker of Lithuania’s Seimas 18 June 2024 - 19:11 Presidential Office Held a Discussion on Reforming Legal Education 18 June 2024 - 16:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Only the Establishment of a Just Peace and Holding the Aggressor to Account will Stop Russia's War Crimes in Ukraine – a Separate Discussion on the Humanitarian Dimension of the War Was Held at the Peace Summit 17 June 2024 - 00:01 As part of the Peace Summit in Switzerland, a discussion panel "Humanitarian Dimension. The Release of Prisoners and Deportees" was held. The moderator of the event, Senior Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna, noted that the mass abduction of Ukrainian children and the system of brutal torture of prisoners used by the Russian occupiers are the essence of Russian imperialism and true signs of genocide. "There is no flag large enough to cover the shame of killing innocent people." These are the words of the American historian Howard Zinn. And killing innocent people by torture is not just a shame, it is sheer barbarism," she said. Three Ukrainians shared their experiences as a result of Russian aggression with the panelists. Vladyslav Buriak, now 18 years old, told how he spent 90 days in Russian captivity after being abducted at a checkpoint in Vasylivka. In captivity, he was subjected to horrific torture and abuse. But despite this, he did not lose his resilience and unwavering spirit and supported other prisoners. Maksym Kolesnykov, a 45-year-old serviceman, spent almost a year in Russian captivity. During 321 days of captivity, he lost 32 kilograms. The man said he was captured at the beginning of the full-scale invasion. He was repeatedly interrogated, deprived of food and abused in a detention center in the Bryansk region of Russia. But eventually Ukraine was able to bring him home. Serhiy Haidarzhy, a Baptist from Odesa, shared his loss. His wife Anna and four-month-old son Tymofiy were killed in a Russian drone attack. He also recently told his story to Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Mike Johnson during a meeting. Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin emphasized that law enforcement officers have already documented nearly 130,000 cases of war crimes committed by the Russian occupiers, including 301 cases of sexual violence. Russian invaders have killed more than 12 thousand civilians, including 551 children. This is only confirmed data. Ukrainian Parliament Commissioner for Human Rights Dmytro Lubinets emphasized that all people in Russian captivity are subjected to systematic torture. There is evidence of at least 14,000 such cases. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine