10 captures 09 Aug 2023 - 14 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230809195905/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/najvazhlivishij-pidsumok-zustrichi-v-dzhiddi-mi-stali-she-na-84777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:43 President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Peace Formula is universal, and after Ukraine, it can be the basis for overcoming other military conflicts and global problems - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2023 - 16:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The most important outcome of the meeting in Jeddah is that we are one step closer to the implementation of the Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 8 August 2023 - 10:31 The meeting in Jeddah brought Ukraine closer to implementing the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Work continues on the preparation and holding of the Global Peace Summit. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, commenting on the results of consultations at the level of diplomatic advisors in Saudi Arabia. "With each step, the number of countries that unconditionally respect Ukraine's independence, territorial integrity, sovereignty and are ready to work on a part or the whole of the Peace Formula is growing. And the isolation of Russia is growing as well," stated Andriy Yermak. According to him, the main topic of the meeting was the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The overwhelming majority of partners clearly emphasized the need to withdraw Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and the impossibility of freezing the war in any form, as this would only give time to prepare for new attacks on Ukrainian territory. The Head of the President's Office noted that the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula is part of Ukraine's victory strategy. Therefore, in his opinion, the meeting in Jeddah will go down in history. "We are the ones keeping this initiative today, and I am very pleased that more and more countries support us in this," he added. According to the Head of the President's Office, the consultations in Jeddah were attended by representatives of about 40 countries, which is three times more than at the previous meeting of this level in Copenhagen. Andriy Yermak called the participation of the Chinese representative in the consultations important and noted that it was made possible thanks to the great work done by representatives of Ukraine and our partners from Saudi Arabia. "The representative of China took an active part in the conversations and expressed his opinion. The main thing we heard from the Chinese representative is that China is ready to continue participating in this format," the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. According to Andriy Yermak, the participants of the meeting in Jeddah agreed to continue working in this format, so it will only expand. "We will continue to work on the preparation and holding of the Global Peace Summit, after which we will start working on the implementation of each of the ten points. Of course, including the point that will legally enshrine the end of this war," said the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine