15 captures 03 Nov 2022 - 19 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Twitter Outlinks This is a Collection of URLs (and Outlinked URLs) extracted from a random feed of 1% of all Tweets. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221103094815/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/amerikanskij-istorik-timoti-snajder-stav-ambasadorom-platfor-78885 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Grain Initiative will continue, Russian blackmail turns out to be fruitless – address of President of Ukraine 2 November 2022 - 23:07 View all videos n latest news Grain Initiative will continue, Russian blackmail turns out to be fruitless – address of President of Ukraine 2 November 2022 - 23:04 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Spain 2 November 2022 - 20:10 Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 American historian Timothy Snyder becomes an ambassador for the UNITED24 platform, launching the 'Shahed Hunter' fundraiser 2 November 2022 - 19:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events American historian Timothy Snyder becomes an ambassador for the UNITED24 platform, launching the 'Shahed Hunter' fundraiser 2 November 2022 - 19:03 The Professor of History at Yale University, Timothy Snyder, has joined the team of the UNITED24 fundraising platform, initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He became the second ambassador after actor Mark Hamill who will focus his efforts on fundraising for Defence and Demining. Timothy Snyder met with the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in person, during his September visit to Kyiv. Recently, the famous historian made his course of Yale University lectures, "The Making of Modern Ukraine," available for everyone. It has already gained almost 3 million views. Now he will be supporting Ukraine in his new role as UNITED24 ambassador. Snyder will raise funds for an anti-drone system to counter the UAVs constantly used by Russia to attack Ukraine's critical infrastructure. "Timothy Snyder is an outstanding historian and a true friend of Ukraine, who tells the whole world about the importance of Ukraine, its true history, values, the way they were shaped, and why we need to protect them, in his works. I am also grateful that more people will understand, not only about the reasons and preconditions of our fight, but also learn about how they can help us," said Zelenskyy. "I'm supporting Ukraine because Ukraine must win this war. Ukrainian victory will open the region and the world to democracy and give us all hope. But for now, Ukraine is threatened. Much of Ukraine is under occupation. The aggressor, breaking all the laws of war, seeks to kill civilians and to deprive them of the basic means of existence such as food, water, and electricity. To protect Ukrainians, to protect Ukraine, and thereby to defend all these values, we must be able to stop these attacks," Timothy Snyder said. "I'm a historian and a scholar and in the long run I want to be raising money to rebuild libraries, schools, and universities. But right now, we have to do what is more urgent, which is to raise money to help Ukraine to defend itself from murderous drones. That is why I have set my goal as raising $1.25 million for anti-drone defense," said Snyder. UNITED24 is a fundraising platform, initiated by the President of Ukraine. It is the central venue for charitable donations in support of Ukraine. During the first six months of operation, UNITED24 collected $213 million from citizens of 110 countries worldwide. Among UNITED24 ambassadors are famous athletes – Andriy Shevchenko, Elina Svitolina and Oleksandr Usyk, creative director of Balenciaga – Demna, American actors – Liev Schreiber and Mark Hamill, music band Imagine Dragons, singer and actress Barbra Streisand, astronaut Scott Kelly. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine