11 captures 14 May 2021 - 21 Jan 2026 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224061723/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-zustrich-z-poslami-g7-shveciyi-ta-yes-s-68433 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of G7, Sweden and EU as regards Donbas peace process and corporate governance reform 13 May 2021 - 19:18 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Sweden and the European Union, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the latest initiatives of our country on the peace process to end the war in Donbas and on the corporate governance reform. The meeting was attended by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov, Head of the Delegation of Ukraine to the Trilateral Contact Group, First President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk and all members of the delegation, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yulia Svyrydenko and freelance adviser to the Head of the Office of the President Tymofiy Mylovanov. Andriy Yermak described the current situation at the consultations of the Trilateral Contact Group and the talks of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format as "protracted stagnation". "The shelling of the positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine on the line of delimitation is continued every day. Unfortunately, Ukrainian servicemen are still being killed and wounded. Recently, the use of heavy artillery has become more frequent,” said the Head of the President's Office. In this regard, he told the diplomats about a number of initiatives of the Ukrainian side to intensify the peace process. "First, yesterday I sent a letter to all my colleagues in the Normandy format with a proposal to urgently convene a video conference or meet in person, which would be better, with the participation of political advisers and foreign ministers of the four countries," said Andriy Yermak. Secondly, the involvement of experts in political, military and legal matters would help intensify the work of the Normandy format, which was an initiative of Germany and France. These advisers could work out a variety of issues, which today are primarily part of the proposed "key clusters for the implementation of the Minsk agreements". Third, the Ukrainian side insists that special emphasis should be placed on Russia's unblocking of the implementation of the decisions of the Paris summit of the "Normandy Four", which took place in December 2019. "Fourth, we believe that holding another summit in the Normandy format would give a serious impetus to the peace process. Therefore, I would ask you to consider the possibility of a joint appeal of the G7 to Russia with a call to support the holding of this summit," said Andriy Yermak. In addition, he said, it is important for the OSCE SMM to return to proactive verification of violations of both the ceasefire and the full range of relevant commitments of the parties to the Minsk security agreements. For his part, Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG Leonid Kravchuk noted that there is no progress in the issue of release of detainees, which is under the personal control of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. First Deputy Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG, Deputy Prime Minister Oleksiy Reznikov stressed that the Russian side in the Minsk process is trying to impose the subjectivity of the so-called "republics" on the territory of ORDLO and the holding of direct talks with them. He also noted certain organizational shortcomings in the work of the TCG, which Ukraine proposes to correct. Head of the Ukrainian party to the Joint Coordination and Control Center (JCCC) Major General Serhiy Salkutsan informed the ambassadors about the increase in the number of occasions of using illegal weapons by illegal armed groups, as well as their targeted attempts to discredit and restrict the activities of the OSCE SMM. In the second part of the meeting, Andriy Yermak told the G7 and EU diplomats about the course of corporate governance reform of state-owned companies, which is one of the priorities for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The Head of the Office of the President invited the ambassadors and their countries to join the preparation of a draft law on improving corporate governance of legal entities, the shareholder of which is the state, which will ensure the implementation of modern international standards in Ukrainian legislation. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Yulia Svyrydenko noted that the goal is to more clearly delineate the functions of the state as a shareholder and to prescribe very transparent criteria for the evaluation of supervisory boards. Regarding the situation with Naftogaz of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak said that on May 13, at a meeting with the company's supervisory board with the participation of government officials, the entire supervisory board would be offered to continue working subject to ensuring a constructive dialogue with the new chairman of Naftogaz. It will work until a new transparent competition. The Head of the Presidential Office also said that a 12-month contract was signed today with new chairman of the board of Naftogaz Yuriy Vitrenko, and the next head will be elected in a transparent competition, which will start in 6 months. When the new supervisory board starts working, preparations for the new competition for the election of the chairman of the board will automatically begin. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine