20 captures 06 Jan 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Dec JAN Feb 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230106201917/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nam-vdalosya-vivesti-silu-ukrayini-j-oboronnu-vzayemodiyu-z-80273 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We've managed to bring Ukraine's strength, defense cooperation with partners to new level – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 January 2023 - 21:22 View all videos n latest news We've managed to bring Ukraine's strength, defense cooperation with partners to new level – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 January 2023 - 21:21 President's greetings on Christmas 6 January 2023 - 19:00 Andriy Yermak holds briefing for US senators on countering full-scale Russian invasion 6 January 2023 - 18:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US senators Jack Reed and Angus King 6 January 2023 - 18:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in presenting the Gold Heart award 30 December 2022 - 16:47 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We've managed to bring Ukraine's strength, defense cooperation with partners to new level – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 January 2023 - 21:21 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you health! Finally, we can say that we have managed to bring Ukraine's strength and defense cooperation with partners to a new level. The one we really need right now. Now, our soldiers will have even more weapons, equipment, rounds, defense systems, which will make us much more prepared for any escalating plans of Russia and those strikes that the terrorist state inflicts, regardless of whether it is a holiday or a weekday. I thank everyone who helps us protect our country and Ukrainians! Since I visited the United States two weeks ago, there have already been more than 20 stages in our diplomatic marathon. It's my communication with the leaders of Germany, Sweden, Japan, Croatia, Spain, Latvia, Turkey, France, Denmark, Romania, Canada, Norway, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Israel, Greece and India. In addition, my first negotiations this year with the President of the European Commission. Also constant contact with US representatives. For example, today a delegation of the Senate was in Kyiv, and also a conversation between the defense minister of Ukraine and the secretary of defense of the United States was held. And today, a new package of US defense assistance for our country was announced – and a very powerful one! For the first time, we will get Bradley fighting vehicles – this is exactly what is needed. New guns and projectiles, including high-precision ones. New missiles. New drones. It's timely and strong. The total amount of this support package from the United States is almost $3 billion. I thank President Biden, I thank the congressmen and all Americans who value freedom, and who know that freedom is worth protecting, and who heard Ukraine during my visit to Washington. We see absolutely concrete results of this visit and our negotiations. We now have a significant step forward by Germany to strengthen the security of not only Ukraine but also the whole of Europe, especially the entire region bordering Russia. Strengthening our air defenses is a direct de-escalation effort here and now. The fewer opportunities Russia has to terrorize peaceful cities, the less the overall potential of Russian aggression will be. I thank Chancellor Scholz for the decision to provide Ukraine with the Patriot air defense system! Together with the brilliant German IRIS-T, the Patriot system will make Ukrainian and European skies much safer. Also today, with Mr. Chancellor, we discussed other aspects of our defense cooperation, in particular, 40 Marder vehicles and other things that are necessary to stop Russian aggression. A very important talk was held today with Prime Minister of Japan Kishida. Last year, Japan became a leader among Asian countries in the protection of freedom and international law. I am sure that this year too – especially with Japan's chairmanship of the Group of Seven, which began in January – we will be able to do even more together for our common security. Actually, today we agreed on priorities for cooperation this year. And I thank Mr. Prime Minister for a very serious package of energy assistance – powerful generators for our country and people. Today's conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden can also be called strategic. The Swedish Presidency of the Council of the European Union has now begun, and we expect to begin negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union during the Swedish presidency. It's an important motivational element for Ukraine and all Europeans. Despite any attempts by Russia to destabilize Europe, together we become even stronger in all aspects, including institutional ones. So, as of now, for Ukraine, there is more air defense, more armored vehicles, for the first time – Western tanks, more guns and rounds, more energy and political opportunities. And all this means more protection for Ukrainians and all Europeans from any manifestations of Russian terror. Ruscism must lose this war – in everything and everywhere. On land, in the sky, on the sea, in energy, in the economy, in politics, and finally – on the dock in the international tribunal for this aggression against Ukraine. Every day, together with our partners, we bring this sentence for terrorists closer. Peace is getting closer every day. I will continue our diplomatic marathon next week. Let's make Ukraine even stronger! I thank everyone who defends our country! Thanks to everyone who keeps Bakhmut and Donetsk region! To everyone who is moving forward in Luhansk region! To all who hold the south! To all who defend our sky! Dear Ukrainians! Please remember what evil is at war against us. Pay attention to the air raid alerts, and especially during these holidays. Our air defense fighters will do everything possible. But please help them by taking care of your own safety. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine