1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072556/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=48 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with US President Joseph Biden at the White House: security issues are a priority 1 September 2021 - 22:33 During a working visit to the United States of America, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy began a meeting with US President Joseph Biden. The meeting takes place at the White House in Washington. President met with representatives of US business circles 1 September 2021 - 20:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy told American businessmen about Ukraine's Transformation Plan, which aims to attract about $ 300 billion into the Ukrainian economy. The people of Ukraine who survived Babyn Yar cannot have the germs of anti-Semitism and Nazism at the genetic level - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the Holocaust Museum in Washington 1 September 2021 - 20:29 The President noted that he appreciates the cooperation with the US Holocaust Memorial Museum, so he brought digitized copies of 43 Yiddish letters from the Unread Letters 1941 collection from Ukraine. At the Arlington National Cemetery, the President of Ukraine laid flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier and the graves of military of Ukrainian origin 1 September 2021 - 19:18 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the Arlington National Cemetery, where American war veterans, presidents, Supreme Court chairmen and astronauts are buried. The visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the United States is very substantive and well-prepared - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 September 2021 - 11:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that the visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the United States of America is extremely productive. The presidential couple visited Mount Vernon where Olena Zelenska presented a Ukrainian-language audio guide 1 September 2021 - 10:04 During a working visit to the United States, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena visited Mount Vernon, the estate of the first President of the United States George Washington. The First Lady announced the launch of a Ukrainian-language audio guide, the 31st in her project, here. We have a clear vision of what the country should become in five to ten years - the President presented the Transformation Plan of Ukraine in Washington 1 September 2021 - 09:26 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the Transformation Plan of Ukraine. The event was held at the Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington. President met with the US Secretary of Defense in Washington 1 September 2021 - 07:52 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. Lloyd Austin said that the United States had decided to provide additional security assistance to Ukraine in the amount of $ 60 million, including the purchase of portable anti-tank missile systems "Javelin". President of Ukraine met with the President of the World Bank Group in Washington 1 September 2021 - 07:33 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the World Bank Group David Malpass. The interlocutors praised the successful cooperation, as evidenced by the receipt of record amounts of funding from the World Bank by our state. An agreement, which defines a new stage of cooperation between Ukraine and the United States in the field of defense and security, was signed in the presence of the President 1 September 2021 - 00:14 During the working visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, a number of agreements on strategic defense partnership, scientific and technical cooperation, space flight security, information protection and border security were signed. 1 2 ... 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine