38 captures 19 Jul 2021 - 03 Mar 2026 Mar APR May 23 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240423195919/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/deklaraciya-batumskogo-samitu-shvalena-glavami-derzhav-asoci-69609 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Withstands Terrorists' Attacks Because There is Always Someone Willing to Become a Pillar of Life – Address by the President 23 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos n latest news The Prospects of Investing in Ukraine: Andriy Yermak Met with the Delegation of the International Group of Companies CRH 23 April 2024 - 21:34 Ukraine Withstands Terrorists' Attacks Because There is Always Someone Willing to Become a Pillar of Life – Address by the President 23 April 2024 - 19:55 The President Met with the Minister for Industry, Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark 23 April 2024 - 17:54 The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Call with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 23 April 2024 - 13:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Received the Letters of Credence from the Ambassadors of Foreign States to Ukraine 22 April 2024 - 21:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Batumi Summit Declaration Issued by the Heads of State of Association Trio - Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine 19 July 2021 - 17:55 We, the Heads of State of Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine have gathered in Batumi to strengthen the trilateral cooperation among our countries on European integration and reiterate our pledge to work together for the peaceful, democratic and prosperous European future for Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine. The relations between the Associated Partners and the European Union are founded on the common values on which the EU is built – democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law. We remain committed to implementing these values and promoting them in our relations on the international stage. We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to advance further the process of our integration into the European Union through comprehensive reforms to strengthen our democratic institutions, and to progressively approximate our legislation in the relevant sectors with key elements of the EU acquis . Association Agreements with the European Union are key roadmaps for reforms and their continuous implementation constitutes the groundwork for strengthening political association and further deepening of economic and sectoral integration of the three Associated Partners with the European Union. Granting the European perspective to the three Associated Partners will be a strong incentive and provide an impetus for even deeper and more comprehensive reforms. In this context, we recall that pursuant to Article 49 TEU, Georgia, the Republic of Moldova and Ukraine, as European states, respecting the European values and committed to their promotion, may apply to become members of the European Union. We agreed to continue working with the EU Institutions on putting into practice all the opportunities and potential provided by the provisions of the Association Agreements on Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Areas envisaging the gradual integration into the EU Internal Market, as stipulated by the Agreements and beyond, where the existing level of economic integration will allow further policy alignment and regulatory convergence. At the same time, the Association Agreements should remain flexible instruments which should be updated when and where needed to take due account of the evolution of the regulatory frameworks and economic developments, as stipulated in the AAs. We will work to identify concrete priorities in the areas of common interest to enhance political dialogue and advance on economic and sectoral integration with the EU, especially in the areas of transport, energy, digital transformation, green economy, justice and home affairs, strategic communications and health care. We reiterate our constant support to the Eastern Partnership based on shared ownership, mutual commitments and principles of differentiation and inclusivity, which has provided all its Partners with tools to strengthen democracy, support economic development and advance European integration, consistent with their interests, ambitions and capabilities. We will work together with other interested Partners and EU institutions in order to ensure that the Eastern Partnership develops a strategic forward-looking agenda and remains a strong and effective policy that reflects the needs, ambitions and aspirations of each Partner, facilitates Partners’ European integration, provides relevant instruments to achieve their goals and advances the peace and prosperity for the region as a whole. In this regard, we welcome the EU proposal of economic and investment plan for the Eastern Partnership along with the Top Ten Targets and flagship initiatives. We look forward to discuss these proposals with the EU as part of the comprehensive agenda of bringing Eastern Partners ever closer to the EU. At the same time, we reiterate our expectations of setting ambitious long-term goals of the Eastern Partnership and enhancing its strategic vision. In this context, we believe that the Eastern Partnership Summit in December should give new political and strategic impetus for the initiative, and stand ready to actively contribute in making it successful and results-oriented. Recognising the crucial importance of the EU assistance in the implementation of an ambitious and complex European-oriented reform agenda, we will work towards ensuring the best application of the EU assistance tools and instruments, primarily the Neighbourhood, Development and International Cooperation Instrument (NDICI), as well as by seeking access to alternative funds and resources at EU disposal, based on the principle of conditionality. We will work towards cooperating with various regional initiatives involving the EU member states complementary to our efforts, including in the area of connectivity, green and digital transition, and circular economy. In this light, we will explore cooperation possibilities with the Three Seas Initiative as a move towards achieving EU connectivity goals and anchoring our states physically with the EU. We will work closely to increase our resilience to better respond to the challenges to regional and European security. We are committed to cooperate with the European Union on common security and defence policy (CSDP), including on countering hybrid threats, strengthening cyber resilience, fighting disinformation, developing cooperation platforms with the EU’s relevant agencies and services. We stay committed to participate in CSDP missions and operations and bring our contribution to the EU’s efforts towards peace and stability in the world. We look forward to strengthening cooperation between our countries and with our Black Sea partners to ensure the security and stability in the Black Sea Region. We recall the 17 June 2019 EU Council Conclusions reaffirming the EU’s long-standing commitment to fostering prosperity, stability, and resilience in the Black Sea area. We share the EU’s concerns about the security challenges in the Black Sea area, reiterating that respect for international law, including the principles of independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity, the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, including freedom of navigation are fundamental for the security and cooperation in the Black Sea area. We will engage our Black Sea partners in order to jointly promote the sustainable development of the region, as well as make full use of the opportunities that the Black Sea provides for wider and secure connectivity between Europe and Asia. We express our gratitude for EU’s firm support to the sovereignty and territorial integrity within the internationally recognized borders of Georgia, Republic of Moldova and Ukraine, including through implementing relevant restrictive measures when necessary. In this regard, we welcome the reconfirmation of the EU’s five guiding principles for the EU-Russia relations, and we are ready to intensify our cooperation with the EU on strengthening resilience and combatting hybrid threats. We also welcome the EU’s greater role and engagement in finding and implementing peaceful conflicts’ solutions directed at restoring territorial integrity of our states. It is understood that Russia’s annexation attempts and illegal occupation of the territories of Georgia, its aggression in the east of Ukraine and temporary occupation of Crimea as well as the unresolved conflict in the Transnistrian region of the Republic of Moldova pose a serious threat to the region and Europe as a whole. We are ready to explore together with the EU the ways to achieve peaceful settlement of the conflicts and ensure the long-lasting peace, stability and security in the region, including through enhanced EU role and engagement. In this context, we noted the Conclusions of the European Council of 24 June 2021, where the EU leaders expressed the need to further deepen and intensify the political, economic and people-to-people ties and cooperation with the Eastern Partners with a view to increasing their resilience as well as acknowledged the European aspirations and European choice of the Associated Partners. Accession to the European Union is a goal that unites our three states. European integration has no alternative for our countries and no third party could influence this sovereign choice. We have already achieved considerable progress in our relations with the European Union. Backed by the strong will of our peoples to become a part of the European family, we stand united in our determination to work towards achieving acknowledgement of the European perspective for Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine opening the way for future membership of our three states in the EU. Her Excellency President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili Her Excellency President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu His Excellency President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine