10 captures 27 Mar 2022 - 05 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220327182350/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pislya-vtorgnennya-rosiyi-mizh-ukrayincyami-ta-rosiyanami-st-73889 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news After the Russian invasion, a global split between Ukrainians and Russians took place - President of Ukraine 27 March 2022 - 20:57 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is ready to exchange Russian prisoners of war, but it seems that the Russian side is not very interested in it 27 March 2022 - 20:34 Russia has failed to destabilize the political situation in Ukraine, so its armed aggression is unsuccessful - President 27 March 2022 - 20:28 Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News Current events After the Russian invasion, a global split between Ukrainians and Russians took place - President of Ukraine 27 March 2022 - 20:57 After the beginning of the full-scale armed aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, a deep historical and cultural split between Ukrainians and Russians took place, which is unlikely to be overcome in the coming years. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Russian media from "Zygar" YouTube channel, "Rain" TV channel, "Meduza" portal, "Kommersant" and "Novaya Gazeta". The Head of State stressed that after February 24, Ukrainians began to treat Russians much worse, losing the emotional component of attitude not only to Russia itself, but also to the people of this country. "A global historical and cultural split took place during this month. It's not just a war, I think it's much worse," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President noted that some Russians were forced to leave their country in protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine, but the majority of the population supports the actions of the Russian authorities. "I think this is the worst disappointment that has happened. Disappointment that turned into hatred of the nations. I have no answer as to how it can be returned, there is no answer as to whether it will ever return," the head of state said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Russian occupiers are committing horrific crimes, destroying the cities and villages of Ukraine, leaving no infrastructure. "They enter. If the local government or someone does not want that - the local government is abducted. People are starting to shout something - everything is burned out," the President said. According to the President, such actions will provoke the growing hatred of Ukrainians for everything related to Russia, including the culture and language of this country. "Vladimir Putin has done the worst for the Russian language. I believe the damage is irreparable. Of course, people outside of Russia will sometimes be embarrassed to speak Russian in any society. This was the case after the war, as a result of which a specific aggressor was recognized in the world," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine stressed that before the war some Ukrainians were loyal to Russia, but now, when the aggressor destroyed their cities and killed their relatives, this attitude has changed to hatred. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine