9 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 09 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204052403/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-viktoriyeyu-nuland-yaka-pribula-d-79621 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos n latest news Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 First Lady Olena Zelenska opens Philosophy of Ability forum devoted to International Day of People with Disabilities 3 December 2022 - 18:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting in Kyiv with U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States to Ukraine Bridget Brink. Yermak thanked Nuland for her visit to Ukraine. "Although Kyiv is now almost without lighting, you will be able to personally see the real situation and make sure that Ukrainians remain courageous, do not leave their cities, and continue fighting. You are informed well about the situation in Ukraine. Everyone knows how much you support our country," the head of the Office of the President said. He thanked the United States of America, President Joseph Biden and his administration, including the State Department, as well as both houses of Congress and both parties for their support. "Ukraine's victory, which we are sure of, will be our joint victory," Yermak said. As the head of the President's Office said, today historic unity is seen not only within Ukraine – many countries in the world have united around helping our state. "Now we see many countries showing an extraordinarily strong position. Ukraine receives both defense and political assistance – at the level of states and international organizations," Yermak said. Nuland, for her part, said: "We see that Ukrainians are still fighting. You are fighting today not only for your freedom, but also for democratic values. This is of great importance." Yermak briefed Nuland on the peace formula of 10 essential points, which President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented to the G20 leaders on November 15. The parties discussed further steps aimed at its implementation. Separately, the head of the President's Office thanked the partners for supporting the Ukrainian initiative Grain from Ukraine and participating in the inaugural International Summit on Food Security. "We consider Grain from Ukraine an important tool for strengthening global food security," Yermak said. The parties also discussed the issue of increasing sanctions pressure on the aggressor. The head of the Office of the President emphasized the importance of further strengthening sanctions against Russia and said that it is an important element of forcing Moscow to peace. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy also welcomed Nuland. During the conversation, the Head of State noted the strategic role and allied nature of the Ukrainian-American partnership and touched on major issues on the bilateral agenda. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine