7 captures 08 Nov 2023 - 07 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231108173157/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-kardinalom-pyetro-p-86833 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, the history of Ukraine and the whole of Europe has taken the right step – the European Commission has recommended starting membership negotiations with our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 14:22 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with U.S. Secretary of Transportation 8 November 2023 - 16:41 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Cardinal Pietro Parolin 8 November 2023 - 14:41 Today, the history of Ukraine and the whole of Europe has taken the right step – the European Commission has recommended starting membership negotiations with our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 November 2023 - 14:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Fumio Kishida discussed the development of bilateral cooperation and preparations for the Ukraine Recovery Conference 8 November 2023 - 13:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Cardinal Pietro Parolin 8 November 2023 - 14:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Secretary of State of the Holy See. The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude for the participation of the Vatican representative in the meeting of national security and political advisors in Malta on the restoration of lasting and just peace based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak also thanked Cardinal Pietro Parolin for his personal video message to the participants of the meeting. According to the Head of the President's Office, during consultations with advisors in Malta, it was proposed to create an international coalition of countries that will deal with the return of Ukrainian children deported or forcibly displaced by Russia from the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. This initiative, which has already been supported by many participating countries, will be a continuation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Bring Kids Back UA plan. In addition, it is an element of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular the clause on the return of deported children, the release of civilian hostages and prisoners of war. Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine, together with its partners, is planning events devoted to the issue of returning illegally deported Ukrainian children and invited representatives of the Holy See to take part in them. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine