1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030929/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=27 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Presidents of Ukraine and Poland hold bilateral meeting in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 19:32 Zelenskyy expressed gratitude for the defense assistance that Poland provides to our country. The President of Ukraine also highly appreciated Warsaw's leadership in creating a tank coalition and active participation in the coalition of fighters, in particular, the willingness to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with presidents of Poland, Lithuania in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 18:34 At the meeting, the leaders of the three countries discussed the entire range of current security issues. Zelenskyy briefed his colleagues on the active actions of the Ukrainian troops at the front, which make it possible to liberate our land step by step. The parties discussed preparations for the NATO summit in Vilnius. On 27th anniversary of Ukraine's Constitution President proposes reference points of future Ukrainian Doctrine for discussion, presents state awards 28 June 2023 - 16:16 "We will create a new and much stronger Ukraine! Let's all decide together what kind of winner Ukraine will be. Just as we protect freedom and independence together," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy commemorates Hetman Pylyp Orlyk on Ukraine's Constitution Day 28 June 2023 - 14:49 In particular, the Head of State laid flowers at the Hetman's monument at the intersection of Lypska and Pylyp Orlyk streets in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Norway 27 June 2023 - 20:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed Jonas Gahr Støre on his recent trip to the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia regions, spoke about the current situation on the battlefield and the daily steps to de-occupy Ukrainian territory. President visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in Zaporizhzhia region 27 June 2023 - 00:10 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Melitopol sector. President visited frontline positions in the Berdyansk direction and awarded Ukrainian warriors 26 June 2023 - 21:58 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also spoke with the military who took part in the liberation of settlements in the Berdyansk direction. He thanked the soldiers for their heroic service and presented them with state awards. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the Armed Forces units that distinguished themselves in the Bakhmut sector and presented state awards 26 June 2023 - 17:26 During a working trip to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine of the Khortytsia operational and strategic group of troops that distinguished themselves in fierce battles in the Bakhmut direction. Presidents of Ukraine and the United States discussed further defense cooperation and bolstering the capabilities of the Ukrainian army 25 June 2023 - 22:20 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with US President Joseph Biden. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Justin Trudeau 25 June 2023 - 21:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed Justin Trudeau on the current situation on the battlefield. He also shared Ukrainian assessments of the attempted coup in Russia and the impact of this situation on the course of hostilities. 1 2 ... 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine