1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=181 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Kyrylo Tymoshenko takes part in "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference in Warsaw 7 October 2022 - 12:08 Ukraine is counting on the support of international partners, including the expert environment, in the restoration of housing and social infrastructure destroyed due to the Russian invasion. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko said this while speaking online at the "Ukraine During the War. Economy. Security. Energy. Recovery Prospects" conference, which took place in Warsaw (Poland). We will never betray our people – Olena Zelenska in interview with 60 Minutes TV broadcast 7 October 2022 - 10:56 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with the 60 Minutes television broadcast, which began in 1968 on the American CBS channel, told how children study in Ukrainian schools in the conditions of Russian aggression. Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:27 There are also successes in the eastern direction. The day will surely come when we will report on successes in the Zaporizhzhia region as well - in those areas that are still under the control of the occupiers. The day will come when we will also talk about the liberation of Crimea. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development 6 October 2022 - 20:23 The Head of State expressed gratitude to the United States of America for the powerful support of our country in resisting Russia's armed aggression and separately thanked Samantha Power for her work. President discussed safety issues at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with the Director General of the IAEA 6 October 2022 - 19:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Rafael Grossi. Russian evil will lose when our peace formula prevails - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the leaders of the European Political Community 6 October 2022 - 17:05 We, the leaders of Europe, can become the leaders of peace. Our European political community can become a European community of peace. So, let's do it! The world must show the strength needed to put an end to the aggressor's ability to escalate - President during a speech in the Australian Lowy Institute 6 October 2022 - 13:42 The criminal war must end with the just defeat of the one who started it. The aggressor must lose. This is what gives peace to generations. A Symbol of Perseverance: the United24 platform presented bracelets made of metal from "Azovstal", the proceeds from the sale of which will go to support the Armed Forces 6 October 2022 - 10:31 Fundraising platform United24, initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, launched the project "Azovstal. A Symbol of Perseverance" to raise funds to support Ukraine during the war. The first part of the initiative is the charitable release of bracelets made from the last pre-war batch of metal from the Azovstal plant. We need your support to bring back peace faster - address by the President to the participants of the session of the General Assembly of the Organization of American States, which is ongoing in Lima 6 October 2022 - 08:31 The greater the support for those who fight for freedom and independence – the stronger freedom will be in general in the world and the faster we will go all the way to freeing our land from the Russian invaders. The return of the flag of Ukraine to the de-occupied territories means that a peaceful and socially secure life becomes possible again - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 October 2022 - 22:49 Today in Lyman, Sviatohirsk and Yarova of the Donetsk region, another sign of the return to normal life was added - we resumed the payment of pensions there. We also provide food kits and humanitarian aid. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine