5 captures 28 Aug 2024 - 24 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 28 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240828164251/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/medichne-partnerstvo-likarni-dniprovshini-vzhe-spivpracyuyut-92693 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Representatives of the Ecumenical Patriarchate 28 August 2024 - 16:55 Ukraine and the United Kingdom Made Significant Progress in Preparing for the Signing of the Agreement on Transition to Stronger and Deeper Partnership 28 August 2024 - 16:11 Olena Zelenska Reviewed the Implementation of the National Mental Health Program in Uzhhorod 28 August 2024 - 13:38 Safeguarding Children from Forced Transfers and Deportation: the Bring Kids Back UA Task Force Presented the White Paper 27 August 2024 - 21:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Press Conference of the President within the Forum “Ukraine 2024. Independence” 27 August 2024 - 15:53 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Medical Partnership: Hospitals in the Dnipropetrovsk Region Already Collaborate with Eight Foreign Clinics 20 August 2024 - 11:05 During the working visit of the President of Ukraine to Dnipro, First Lady Olena Zelenska visited local clinics treating both civilian and military Ukrainians. She specifically reviewed the operations of the Regional Medical Center for Family Health, the only facility in the region that provides emergency medical care to children in critical condition in the event of mass and technological disasters. The center also houses a pediatric oncology and hematology department and a bone marrow transplant unit. "This is the second hospital after Kyiv's 'Okhmatdyt' that receives patients from all over the country and takes on the most severe cases of leukemia, lymphoma, and sarcoma. Five autologous bone marrow transplants have already been performed here," noted Olena Zelenska. As part of the First Lady's initiative, the facility has established medical partnerships with clinics in Türkiye, the United States, and Israel. The President's wife also visited the city clinical hospital, which has housed one of the best rehabilitation centers in Ukraine since 2020. Last year alone, the center treated 1,500 patients. "The key principle of the center's success is that rehabilitation must begin within the first 24–72 hours after a patient's condition stabilizes in the hospital. But there are two more crucial components to a good outcome – the patient's own determination to recover and the support of a qualified and well-coordinated multidisciplinary team," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The hospital is currently working on expanding its capabilities. It offers interventional cardiology, neurosurgery, radiology, and emergency medicine, and this year, it is expected to receive a license for transplant surgery. The hospital is also part of an international medical partnership, collaborating with clinics in Germany and Sweden, and its medical staff has undergone training in France and the United Kingdom. "Exchanging experiences and gaining new knowledge ensures that there will be even more life-saving stories and happy recoveries in Ukraine," the First Lady emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine