1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233425/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=35 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Poland stands in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 19:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva paid a working visit to the Republic of Poland. During his stay in Warsaw, he held a meeting with Poland's newly appointed Minister for European Union Affairs Szymon Szynkowski vel Sęk. The Baltic countries and Poland are the most loyal allies of Ukraine, who are bringing our victory closer with concrete and consistent actions - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 12:45 On November 14, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva was on a working visit to the Republic of Lithuania. At the invitation of Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė, he took part in the annual meeting of advisors to the presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Coordination Council of Ukraine for the Protection and Safety of Children with the participation of António Guterres, ambassadors of the G20 countries and human rights defenders 14 November 2022 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak emphasized that the meeting should contribute to the fastest possible cessation of mass crimes committed by the Russian Federation against hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian children. Andriy Yermak met with high-ranking officials of the Chancellery of the President and the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Poland 10 November 2022 - 19:17 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch and Minister - member of the Council of Ministers of Poland Michał Dworczyk. Ukraine appreciates the Czech Republic's unconditional support for our movement towards membership in the EU and NATO - Ihor Zhovkva 10 November 2022 - 17:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Czech Republic led by Deputy Minister of Defense Tomáš Kopečný. Roman Mashovets holds meeting with diplomats of Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary 9 November 2022 - 16:34 The representatives of the diplomatic corps were briefed on the current situation at the front and the measures taken by the defense forces to counter Russian aggression. Ukrainian and global human rights organizations should receive operational information about human rights violations by the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 9 November 2022 - 13:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and international human rights organizations devoted to the issue of ensuring the rights of Ukrainian military and civilian prisoners held by the Russian Federation. We count on Iceland's support for the earliest possible accession of Ukraine to the North Atlantic Alliance - Ihor Zhovkva 8 November 2022 - 20:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Iceland Auðunn Atlason. A deal with the current President of the Russian Federation is a ticket to a world where international law is no longer valid - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 8 November 2022 - 19:41 Dialogue with the Russian Federation will become possible when the Russian army leaves Ukrainian territory, otherwise the ceasefire agreement will become only a tactical pause to strengthen Russian positions and lead to the loss of Ukrainian territories. Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. It is Ukraine that helps fight the food crisis created as a result of Russian aggression - Andriy Yermak 8 November 2022 - 09:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held the first meeting of the working group formed by the decree of the Head of State on November 3, 2022, to prepare proposals for providing assistance to states suffering from an acute food crisis. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine