14 captures 29 Sep 2023 - 16 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230929184029/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ne-lishe-zavdyaki-sili-nashoyi-zbroyi-j-sili-nashogo-duhu-ta-85973 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Not only thanks to the strength of our weapons but also thanks to the strength of our spirit and humanity, evil will never prevail in Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2023 - 18:34 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska holds video meeting with First Lady of Germany Elke Büdenbender 29 September 2023 - 18:51 Not only thanks to the strength of our weapons but also thanks to the strength of our spirit and humanity, evil will never prevail in Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2023 - 18:31 The principled stance of a warrior is an extension of the principles instilled by their family and teacher – President of Ukraine on the eve of Educators' Day 29 September 2023 - 17:12 Head of State holds meeting with EBRD President 29 September 2023 - 15:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of the 82nd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy 29 September 2023 - 10:37 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Not only thanks to the strength of our weapons but also thanks to the strength of our spirit and humanity, evil will never prevail in Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2023 - 18:31 Dear Ukrainians, A brief report on this day. An emotional day. I began it with events at Babyn Yar. The 82nd anniversary of the mass shootings of Jews by the Nazis in Babyn Yar. In just a few days in September 1941, over 30,000 people were killed. In total, during the Nazi occupation, about 100,000 people were killed in Babyn Yar. Jews, as well as Roma and Ukrainians. Representatives of other nations. Very important to preserve the memory of these victims and of the fact that the evil the Holocaust perpetrated was defeated and punished. Ukraine preserves such a memory. "Never again!" For us, for Ukraine, for the entire civilized world, these are not empty words. And it will always be so. It is very symbolic that today I met with our Ukrainian teachers – those on whom, in fact, the preservation of historical memory and much of humanity depends. This Sunday, Ukraine will celebrate Teacher's Day – the educators' day. Today, I thanked all Ukrainian teachers, educators, instructors, and mentors. All those who undertake one of the most honorable missions in life – educating children in what is necessary to navigate their destiny and be resilient on their life journey. But education is always more than acquiring knowledge and skills and mastering a profession. It's about character and its strength. It's about the clarity of distinguishing between good and evil, which comes when you study human culture. Education prepares and calibrates a person's moral compass so that it works, and through this, a person's work and life enrich humanity. This is very important. And we see, particularly in what Russia is doing, what happens when the education system has collapsed. When the moral compass of people and society is broken. Evil prevails in such a country. This will never happen in Ukraine. Not only thanks to the strength of our weapons but also thanks to the strength of our spirit, the strength of Ukrainian characters, our humanity, which will undoubtedly prevail. This week significantly strengthened our country and our people. There will be important news for Ukraine tomorrow – for our warriors, for our entire state. We are working to ensure that the coming weeks will add strength to Ukraine – internal strength – and the necessary cooperation with the world. So that the world hears us, understands us, and supports us. I thank everyone who is helping! Glory to everyone who fights and works for the sake of Ukraine and its people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine