1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309014742/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a conversation with Alexander Lukashenko 27 February 2022 - 13:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Alexander Lukashenko. Appeal to foreign citizens to help Ukraine in fighting against Russia’s aggression 27 February 2022 - 08:18 The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is addressing all citizens of the world, friends of Ukraine, peace and democracy. Anyone who wants to join the defense of Ukraine, Europe and the world can come and fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals. President posthumously awarded Vitaliy Skakun the title of Hero of Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 22:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed Decree № 74/2022 on awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine to sapper, sailor Vitaliy Skakun (posthumously) for outstanding personal courage and heroism shown in defending the state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, loyalty to the military oath. Address by the President of Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 19:44 We give a decent rebuff - I'm sure you see it in the news. I want to say just one more thing. We will fight as long as it takes to liberate the country. If children are born in shelters, even when the shelling continues, then the enemy has no chance in this undoubtedly People's war. Western partners must help close the sky over Ukraine to stop Russian aggression: Mykhailo Podoliak 24 February 2022 - 21:01 Ukraine calls on its Western partners to help close the sky over our country in order to stop the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak. Ukraine severed diplomatic relations with Russia, which treacherously attacked it; our country will defend itself and will not give up its freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2022 - 14:13 The state of Ukraine severed diplomatic relations with the Russian Federation, which treacherously attacked it at 5 am on February 24. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a briefing at the Office of the Head of State. Head of State: Sanctions will be lifted from all citizens of Ukraine who are ready to defend the country in the ranks of the Territorial Defense Forces 24 February 2022 - 13:10 All sanctions will be lifted on Ukrainian citizens who are currently subject to restrictive measures and who are ready to defend the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the state and defend the country in the ranks of the Territorial Defense Forces. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a briefing at the Office of the Head of State. President: The army and national solidarity are the mainstay of Ukrainian statehood 24 February 2022 - 12:28 The Armed Forces of Ukraine are fighting hard battles repelling attacks by the Russian army throughout our country. The Ukrainian servicemen need the support of citizens. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a briefing at the Office of the Head of State. President has made all necessary decisions to defend the country, the Armed Forces are actively resisting Russian troops - Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President 24 February 2022 - 10:50 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy has approved all necessary decisions to defend the country. The Armed Forces are actively resisting the troops of the Russian Federation, which carried out a treacherous attack on our state. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak at a briefing in the press center of the President's Office. President held an urgent meeting due to Russia's launch of a military operation against Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 09:10 Due to the launch of a military operation against Ukraine by Russia, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an urgent meeting with the leadership of the government, representatives of the defense sector and the economic bloc. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine