3 captures 11 Nov 2024 - 16 Jul 2025 Oct NOV Dec 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241111044914/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-sibiga-zustrivsya-z-delegaciyeyu-bundestagu-nimechchi-86089 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 21:50 View all videos n latest news This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 20:10 Ukrainian-Language Audio Guides Introduced in Mexico and Argentina 10 November 2024 - 12:30 We Surpassed the Milestone of the First 100 Units of Missile Armament This Year – Address by the President 9 November 2024 - 19:07 Andriy Yermak Met with Students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 November 2024 - 22:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andrii Sybiha met with the delegation of the German Bundestag 4 October 2023 - 17:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andrii Sybiha met with the delegation of the Bundestag of the Federal Republic of Germany from the Social Democratic Party. The delegation included Deputy Chairman of the German-Ukrainian Parliamentary Friendship Group Johannes Schraps and MPs Susanne Mittag and Fabian Funke. The meeting was also attended by representatives of the Friedrich Ebert Foundation in Ukraine. Andrii Sybiha praised the consistent support of our country by the Bundestag, in particular the Social Democratic Party. He thanked for the significant defense, financial and humanitarian assistance provided to Ukraine by Germany since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President outlined Ukraine's key priorities in the context of attracting further support from partners. Particular emphasis was placed on the need to protect energy facilities from Russian missile attacks and to prepare for the winter period. The interlocutors were also informed about the situation on the battlefield and the priority needs of Ukrainian defenders, including additional air defense systems, artillery, long-range missiles and demining equipment. The parties also exchanged views on further steps to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the Ukrainian grain exports using alternative routes. Andrii Sybiha noted our country's interest in starting practical work with Germany to conclude a bilateral agreement on security guarantees in the near future as a follow-up to the Group of Seven Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine. Special attention was paid to the current issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of our country. "We see NATO membership as the best guarantee of security for Ukraine and an integral element of the renewed European security architecture after the war," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. Andrii Sybiha praised the cooperation with Germany in the recovery and reconstruction of Ukraine. The parties emphasized the importance of expanding Ukrainian-German interregional cooperation, in particular in the form of patronage over regions or cities of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine