3 captures 01 Feb 2024 - 15 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240201104324/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-za-rezultatami-zustrichi-z-peterom-siyarto-v-u-88593 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We secure and constantly enhance the protection of energy facilities, and we are reinforcing our sky shield – address by the President of Ukraine 31 January 2024 - 19:58 View all videos n latest news The world must be aware of what Russia is doing to our children and what it will do to anyone – Olena Zelenska during a meeting with Egils Levits and Andra Levite 31 January 2024 - 23:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs 31 January 2024 - 22:45 Ukraine is ready for good neighborly relations with Hungary – Andriy Yermak in an interview with a Hungarian TV channel 31 January 2024 - 20:58 We secure and constantly enhance the protection of energy facilities, and we are reinforcing our sky shield – address by the President of Ukraine 31 January 2024 - 19:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Liberation of 207 Ukrainians from Russian captivity 31 January 2024 - 16:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak following the meeting with Péter Szijjártó in Uzhhorod: Today we made a powerful step towards holding a meeting at the level of the Prime Minister of Hungary and the President of Ukraine 29 January 2024 - 18:57 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba met with Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade of Hungary Péter Szijjártó in Uzhhorod. The talks were held both in a narrow circle and in an expanded format. On behalf of Ukraine, the talks were also attended by Deputy Heads of the Office of the President of Ukraine Oleksiy Kuleba and Rostyslav Shurma, First Deputy Minister of Education and Science of Ukraine Yevhen Kudriavets, Deputy Minister for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine Serhiy Derkach, Head of the Zakarpattia Regional State Administration Viktor Mykyta, Head of the Subcommittee of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Education, Science and Innovation Yulia Hryshyna, Deputy Head of the State Service for Ethnic Policy and Freedom of Conscience Ihor Lossovskyi, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Daria Zarivna. Speaking to the media after the negotiations with the Hungarian delegation, Andriy Yermak said that the meeting was productive and the conversation was extremely frank and straightforward. "Today, both sides made it absolutely clear that they are interested in holding a meeting at the level of the Prime Minister of Hungary and the President of Ukraine. I believe that today we have made a powerful step towards this meeting. Of course, we are all interested in this meeting being successful and really opening a new page in our relations," he said. The Head of the Presidential Office expressed hope for strengthening Ukrainian-Hungarian relations. According to Andriy Yermak, Ukraine wants the meeting between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Viktor Orbán to be productive, and preparations have begun today. "We did not talk about a specific date today. However, both parties expressed interest in holding such a meeting as soon as possible," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Andriy Yermak noted that the parties discussed the implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. The Head of the President's Office thanked Hungary for the participation of its representatives in the meetings of national security and political advisors, in particular in Davos. Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said that during the meeting in Uzhhorod, all important issues on the agenda were discussed. He emphasized the mutual interest of Ukraine and Hungary in developing good neighborly relations. The Ukrainian side thanked Hungary for the humanitarian assistance provided since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion. This particularly concerns the shelter for Ukrainian citizens, including children, as well as the treatment of military personnel. The Ukrainian delegation also expressed gratitude to Hungary for the compromise in the decision to open negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union. The parties discussed further cooperation in the issue of Ukraine's integration into the EU. The meeting also focused on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration. The participants touched upon the issues of sectoral cooperation between the two countries, in particular in the areas of logistics, transport, energy and finance. "We have agreed that our respective ministries and agencies will hold substantive sectoral negotiations on each of the projects that were announced and submit roadmaps for consideration by the governments and leaders of our countries, according to which we will move towards their implementation," said Dmytro Kuleba. Also, according to him, the Ukrainian and Hungarian parties agreed on the need to resolve the issue of protecting the rights of national minorities. At Ukraine's request, Hungary handed over a list of issues related to the protection of the rights of persons belonging to national minorities. "We received this list and agreed that under the auspices of the two foreign ministries we would set up a special commission, which in ten days' time would submit to the governments of the two countries the issues that need to be resolved and those that have already been resolved, so that we can bring clarity to that," the Ukrainian Foreign Minister said. "We want to have this discussion at the bilateral level in order to finally settle the issue, which has already been resolved in principle, in the interests of all national minorities living in Ukraine, including the Hungarian minority," he added. For his part, Péter Szijjártó thanked the Head of the Office of the President and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine for their hospitality and the opportunity to discuss various topics in detail. He also praised Head of the Zakarpattia Regional Military Administration Viktor Mykyta, who contributes to the peaceful coexistence of Hungarians and citizens of Ukraine of other nationalities in Zakarpattia. Péter Szijjártó noted that since the beginning of this war, Hungary has always spoken about supporting the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Ukraine. "We condemn the war and want peace to come to our neighbors as soon as possible," he said. The Hungarian Foreign Minister emphasized that during the meeting, issues related to the life of the Hungarian community had been discussed. He said that the Hungarian side had presented relevant proposals. In addition, Péter Szijjártó emphasized the importance of negotiations on expanding the capacity of checkpoints at the border, as well as the common goal of building a new bridge across the Tisza. "We have come to Ukraine today to restore trust in our bilateral relations. I think we can agree that we have managed to take steps in this direction. We still have a long way to go, a lot of work to do, and we on the Hungarian side are ready to do this work and are willing to continue working together," he emphasized. The Hungarian Foreign Minister assured that Hungary is interested in having good neighborly relations with Ukraine. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine