1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053514/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=44 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President met with the families of the fallen defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2021 - 14:47 On the Day of Remembrance of Defenders who died in the struggle for the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with members of the families of fallen soldiers. President honored memory of those who died for Ukraine 29 August 2021 - 09:03 On the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine who died in the struggle for independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen for Our State located on Triokhsviatytelska Street in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the Republic of Moldova 27 August 2021 - 19:04 The leaders stressed the need for further close cooperation in the Associated Trio format to deepen political association and economic integration with the EU, as provided for in the relevant association agreements, as well as to promote new opportunities within the Eastern Partnership. Ukraine stands for enhancing cooperation between the Black Sea states to ensure security in the region - President 27 August 2021 - 15:35 In order to overcome security challenges in the Black Sea region, Ukraine calls for enhanced cooperation between the countries in the field of naval forces. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following a multilateral meeting with the Presidents of Moldova, Romania and Poland in Chișinău. It is important that the states of the Associated Trio get a European perspective - President of Ukraine 27 August 2021 - 15:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the Associated Trio project launched on July 19 together with Georgia and Moldova should bring the three countries closer to full EU membership, and the next step in this direction should be to recognize the European perspective of these countries. President of Ukraine took part in the festivities on the occasion of Moldova's Independence Day 27 August 2021 - 13:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu, President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda and President of Romania Klaus Iohannis took part in the festivities on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Moldova's independence in Chișinău. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I do my best to make Ukraine respected abroad, so that our state acquires agency 26 August 2021 - 23:41 Ukraine is gaining agency in world politics, and the evidence of this is the large number of foreign delegations that took part in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform on August 23. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this in the “Right to Power” program on 1+1 TV channel. Education is important for the Ukrainian state, that is why the Presidential University is being established - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 August 2021 - 23:33 The current government cares about the education and quality of training of future professionals in Ukraine. That is why the idea of creating a Presidential University as an example of a university, which will provide decent conditions for study and work, emerged. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the "Right to Power" program on 1+1 TV channel. President: To become attractive to the world, Ukraine must have freedom, order and security 26 August 2021 - 23:06 Ukraine will become attractive for investors and comfortable to live in if it provides citizens with freedom, order and security. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the “Right to Power” program on 1+1 TV channel. During a phone conversation with the Emir of Qatar, the President discussed cooperation to evacuate citizens from Afghanistan 26 August 2021 - 20:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Emir of the State of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. 1 2 ... 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine