7 captures 16 Aug 2023 - 09 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230816190813/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oleksij-kuleba-proviv-zustrich-iz-poslom-yaponiyi-v-ukrayini-84913 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everything that was mentioned in our combat brigades is now the job of the General Staff, government officials and the Staff - address by the President of Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news Everything that was mentioned in our combat brigades is now the job of the General Staff, government officials and the Staff - address by the President of Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 20:26 Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 17:20 Feedback from our battalion commanders on combat use of equipment and weapons is what we will discuss with the leaders of partner states - address by the President of Ukraine 15 August 2023 - 19:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the command post of the 10th Army Corps operating in the Melitopol sector 15 August 2023 - 17:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zaporizhzhia region 15 August 2023 - 16:18 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 17:20 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba met with Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Japan to Ukraine Kuninori Matsuda. The parties discussed the priority areas of cooperation for both sides. Oleksiy Kuleba thanked the Ambassador of Japan for the constant and fundamental support of Ukraine in the context of a full-scale war, as well as for his participation in the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine, which was recently held in Ivano-Frankivsk. "Thank you for supporting Ukraine at the interregional level. After the Congress meeting, a Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Hyōgo Prefecture and Ivano-Frankivsk region. We know that the new partners are willing to assist in the training of specialists in rehabilitation and prosthetics, as well as in mental recovery," said the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office. The participants of the meeting discussed the beginning of the autumn-winter period and the new school year in Ukraine. "Every community, every region is preparing for the new school season. To do this, we need to equip bomb shelters in educational institutions. We have to give our children the opportunity to study and ensure their safety. Preparations for the winter, which will be harder than the last one, are also on the agenda. We realize that the enemy will continue terrorist attacks on our energy infrastructure. That is why Japan's assistance in the energy sector is more valuable than ever," emphasized Oleksiy Kuleba. For his part, Kuninori Matsuda emphasized the importance of involving municipalities and regions in the restoration and reconstruction of the de-occupied territories, and suggested developing closer relations with Asia. The interlocutors noted the constructive dialogue between the two countries and agreed to further coordinate joint actions. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine