6 captures 22 Sep 2022 - 12 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220922210614/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-videozustrich-iz-chlenami-komitetu-zi-z-77937 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia's decision on mobilization is an admission that their regular army did not withstand and crumbled - address by the President of Ukraine 22 September 2022 - 22:06 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak held a video call with members of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee 22 September 2022 - 22:46 Russia's decision on mobilization is an admission that their regular army did not withstand and crumbled - address by the President of Ukraine 22 September 2022 - 22:00 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 September 2022 - 19:53 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of Defense of Italy 22 September 2022 - 19:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Events on Rescuer Day with the participation of the President 16 September 2022 - 16:14 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a video call with members of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee 22 September 2022 - 22:46 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting in the format of a video conference with members of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee. The event was also attended by Deputy Heads of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets, Andriy Smyrnov, Andriy Sybiha and Ihor Zhovkva, Head of the Servant of the People faction in the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Davyd Arakhamia, Head of the Foreign Intelligence Service of Ukraine Oleksandr Lytvynenko. At first, Andriy Yermak expressed great gratitude for all the help that Ukraine has been receiving from the United States since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. "We feel this support from the entire American people. And I want to thank you, as members of Congress, for making very important decisions that help us fight," he emphasized. He also recalled that a very important and joyful event took place on September 21, when 215 defenders of Ukraine, including two Americans, were released from Russian captivity. "And I hope that the American citizens who fought for Ukraine will return to their families very soon," said the Head of the President's Office. Andriy Yermak informed the congressmen about the situation at the front and the recent success of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, which was achieved thanks to the heroism and professionalism of the Ukrainian military, as well as the armed assistance of Ukraine's partners. According to him, the decisions made yesterday by the leadership of the Russian Federation will not affect Ukraine's plans in any way. "The mobilization announced in the Russian Federation is designed to add "cannon fodder" to the group of more than 170,000 troops on the territory of Ukraine," said the Head of the Office of the President. Andriy Yermak emphasized that against the background of this decree of the Russian president, the urgency of continuing and strengthening aid from the US is only growing. He reminded that for the most effective coordination of these processes, a very close interaction has been established between the military and political leadership of Ukraine and the US, partners are constantly informed about the situation at the front and the use of the provided weapons. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets informed the congressmen about the urgent needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in terms of weapons and military equipment. For his part, Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov spoke about the initiative of the Ukrainian side regarding the creation of a special tribunal regarding the crime of aggression against Ukraine. He believes that the support of this idea from the United States, as one of the leaders of the democratic world, and American congressmen in particular, is very important. "The creation of such a tribunal is no longer a matter of war in Ukraine, it is a matter of the existence of the entire civilized world, democracy and global security architecture. And we really need the voice of the United States in the matter of establishing such a mechanism," Andriy Smyrnov noted. Chairman of the US House of Representatives Armed Services Committee Adam Smith thanked the Ukrainian party for all the information provided. He also noted the importance of holding Russia to account for the crimes committed during this war. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine