7 captures 18 May 2022 - 10 Aug 2025 Apr MAY Jun 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220518202941/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-provela-zustrich-z-direktorom-yevropejskogo-regi-75157 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatar Genocide 18 May 2022 - 13:55 View all videos n latest news The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 President supported the initiative to establish the national brand UNITED 24, the first ambassador of which is Andriy Shevchenko 18 May 2022 - 16:03 President presented the Golden Star orders to Ukrainian servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:34 Along with the embargo on Russian oil, it is extremely important to stop its transportation by vessels under EU flags - Oleg Ustenko 18 May 2022 - 15:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the AFU servicemen who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 18 May 2022 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The First Lady met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Hans Kluge 18 May 2022 - 18:24 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with WHO Regional Director for Europe Dr. Hans Kluge. The President's wife thanked the WHO for its support during the war, including assistance with equipment, machinery, medicines, and participation in the investigation of Russian war crimes against doctors and the destruction of institutions. She also told Hans Kluge about her national program to provide psychological assistance to victims of the war in Ukraine. "You know about the physical injuries and deaths caused by Russia in Ukraine. We thought about how to heal more insidious and long-lasting psychological wounds. After all, we can say that the mental health of every Ukrainian is currently undermined: those who have directly experienced violence in the occupation, the loss of loved ones under shelling, those who are directly at war," said the First Lady. "Mental problems are also experienced by those who simply live in a state of constant anxiety, uncertainty, who have lost their home and job. These are children and parents, the elderly, people with disabilities - each of them is experiencing the war tragically in their own way. The future of our country depends on how they will overcome this stress and shock, heal this deep wound, without exaggeration, it is a separate victory that we must achieve," Olena Zelenska added. She also asked WHO to provide expert assistance in setting up such a program. For his part, Hans Kluge promised to assist in this, as well as in organizing a meeting between Olena Zelenska and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, who is an active UN ambassador for mental health in the world and oversees several relevant funds. Olena Zelenska also suggested a theme for this year's World Mental Health Day, which is celebrated in October. Every year its theme changes according to the challenges of the time. The First Lady of Ukraine has taken the initiative to dedicate this year’s date to mental health in wartime. "The war in Ukraine has affected not only our state. It seems to me that the psychological consequences have been felt in Europe as well, ”she said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine