16 captures 29 Aug 2023 - 18 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230829215316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/buti-dostojnimi-shlyahu-yakim-ide-ukrayina-ce-obovyazok-zver-85249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, security guarantees for Ukraine and the functioning of the "grain corridor" with the Prime Minister of Japan 29 August 2023 - 15:37 President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 Olena Zelenska met with UNICEF Regional Director Regina De Dominicis 29 August 2023 - 12:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2023 - 12:51 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:07 Dear Ukrainians! Today is a special day. The Day of Remembrance. The day of all our defenders who have perished in battles for Ukraine since 2014, since February 24. Sons, daughters. Fathers, mothers. Brothers, sisters. Friends. Colleagues. Acquaintances. Brothers-in-arms. Many Ukrainians today have someone to remember, someone to honor. Today, many of us were thinking of our loved ones, relatives and friends who are now at war. Who are now risking their lives every day, every hour for the sake of Ukraine. Every such day is a reminder for our entire nation. For everyone who works for the state. It is a reminder of what makes up our country. Ukrainian families whose sons and daughters perished in battles. For them, for the parents of Ukrainian heroes, the blue and yellow flag of Ukraine is now a reminder of their child, of his or her feat for the sake of the country. A child whose father died at the front defending Ukraine... Loved ones who will never meet again because the war took away a life that became the life of Ukraine... Everything that is our state and everyone who is our state - every institution, every official - must feel what kind of Ukraine is behind them. How much pain is in its heart. How much courage it has. What the memory of people who are no longer alive is. What is now in its symbols. And how differently people now perceive everything that humiliates Ukraine, its strength and hopes. It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on. To give Ukraine more strength. More opportunities. It is a duty. To care about everyone around you. To support them. To take care of people. And always bring the result closer. The main result for Ukraine. Ukraine must prevail. This is the main thing for everyone. So that we do not have to look away from the photos of the warriors on the Wall of Remembrance and other memorials. I thank everyone who works for Ukraine, who fights for Ukraine in this way: with dignity, courage, and strength. Glory to all our warriors! Glory to our people, the people of Ukraine! May the memory of all those who gave their lives for the sake of Ukraine be eternal. Glory to Ukraine! Glory to the Heroes! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine