34 captures 15 Sep 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220915050138/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-naradu-shodo-energetichnoyi-bezpeki-ha-77789 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile – we are capable of that – address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 02:14 View all videos n latest news We will respond to the terrorists for each of their vile acts, for each missile – we are capable of that – address by the President of Ukraine 15 September 2022 - 02:10 Ukraine appreciates Croatia's support for our country's movement towards membership in the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 14 September 2022 - 18:53 President held a meeting on the energy security of the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 18:35 First Lady of Ukraine arrived in Strasbourg to participate in the announcement of the annual State of the EU Report and met with the President of the European Commission 14 September 2022 - 14:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:48 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting on the energy security of the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 18:35 ﻿During a working trip to the Kharkiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on energy security issues in the region. Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleg Syniehubov informed the President that 16 communities were fully de-occupied in the region, and 7 communities were partially de-occupied. About 6% of the region's territory remains under occupation, while 32% of the Kharkiv region was occupied before the counteroffensive of the Ukrainian military. According to Oleg Syniehubov, works are being carried out in the region to restore damaged infrastructure facilities, in particular in liberated settlements. Electricity supply lines, mobile communications and the work of medical institutions are being restored in the de-occupied territories. The President emphasized the importance of restoring electricity supply as soon as possible in the territories liberated from the enemy. "The de-occupation is ongoing, so we need to prepare a clear plan of action so that it is applicable in other areas that will be liberated," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Minister of Energy Herman Halushchenko, who participated in the meeting via video conference, noted that the work of repair crews largely depends on the pace of demining the territories. In view of this, the President called to ensure the work of a greater number of crews of energy workers and employees of the State Emergency Service in order to speed up the recovery process. During the meeting, attention was also focused on the issue of the operation of CHPP and TPP in the Kharkiv region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that today, in the conditions of war, it is necessary to develop a plan of measures to ensure reserve capacities of the energy supply system. In addition, the Head of State got himself acquainted with the progress of restoration of a residential building in Kharkiv, which was damaged as a result of Russian shelling. The roof, walls and balconies are being repaired there, windows are being installed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky of the III degree to Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleg Syniehubov and the Order "For Courage" of the II degree to Mayor of Kharkiv Ihor Terekhov. Oleg Syniehubov and Ihor Terekhov were awarded in accordance with the President's decree of March 6 for a significant personal contribution to the protection of state sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, courage and selfless actions shown during the organization of the defense of settlements from Russian invaders. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:48 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv region 14 September 2022 - 13:48 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine