1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041644/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Russia and every other potential aggressor must see that by war you will not achieve anything - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the session of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council Summit 4 May 2022 - 13:17 The world's effective response to Russian aggression is the most realistic possible safeguard against other wars in the future. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the session of the Wall Street Journal CEO Council Summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Andrzej Duda 3 May 2022 - 20:53 The interlocutors discussed further defense assistance to Ukraine. The Ukrainian Head of State especially noted Poland's significant contribution in this direction. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Denmark 2 May 2022 - 18:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Denmark Jeppe Kofod. The Head of State noted that Ukraine highly appreciates the support of Denmark, and reminded that he had a fruitful meeting with Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen in Kyiv recently. President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the US House of Representatives 1 May 2022 - 09:11 The President thanked the United States and Nancy Pelosi personally for the efforts to protect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The State Border Guard Service is one of the fundamental pillars of the defense of the Ukrainian state 30 April 2022 - 17:15 On the Day of the Border Guard, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the defenders of the state border of Ukraine and presented awards to them. Ukraine is grateful to Poland and its people for the strong support during the difficult times of the war - President 29 April 2022 - 21:55 Ukraine and Ukrainians are grateful to Poland and its people for the strong support they have provided to our country and our citizens since the first minutes of Russian aggression and continue to provide now. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with Polish media. Poland is interested in entering the Ukrainian gas station market - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 April 2022 - 21:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that he had discussed with Polish President Andrzej Duda the entry of Polish companies into the Ukrainian fuel market. He said this in an interview with Polish media. President presented awards to the military and family members of the fallen defenders who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 29 April 2022 - 18:50 The Head of State stressed that it is a great honor for him to award the heroes who are in our history and always remain in our memory. After all, they are fighting for our lives and freedom, for an opportunity for millions of Ukrainians to be with their families in their homes. Possible pseudo-referendum in the occupied territories will complicate possible negotiations between Ukraine and Russia - President 28 April 2022 - 22:49 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that in the event of any pseudo-referendums in the occupied territories they will not be recognized by Ukraine and the world and will complicate possible negotiations between Ukraine and Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the UN Secretary-General in Kyiv 28 April 2022 - 22:10 The President noted the importance of the UN Secretary-General's visit to Ukraine, as today it is our country that defends the principles of the United Nations Charter. During the conversation the parties touched upon the issue of establishing a special international tribunal on Russia's crimes. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine