8 captures 31 May 2023 - 04 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003075621/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-odeshini-prezident-predstaviv-novogo-golovu-oda-j-proviv-83277 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:32 View all videos n latest news It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:29 President of Ukraine received the Minister of Defense of Estonia 2 October 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the Government of Spain 2 October 2023 - 19:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented shoulder boards to Ukrainian military and law enforcement officers 2 October 2023 - 19:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 14:46 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Odesa region, the President introduced the new Head of the RSA and held a meeting on the situation in the region 31 May 2023 - 18:22 During a working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the military command and heads of law enforcement agencies of Odesa region to discuss the current situation in the region. At the beginning of the meeting, the Head of State introduced the newly appointed Head of Odesa Regional State Administration Oleh Kiper. Addressing the new RSA Head, the President emphasized that the work in Odesa region is very responsible. "This is a priority region of our independent state. I think that from the point of view of your experience, you understand your tasks perfectly well. This is the coordination of all institutions in wartime. Especially all government agencies, law enforcement agencies, and local authorities. It is very important to communicate with our military and commanders," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. According to the Head of State, maritime security is a special priority, as it is necessary to ensure the operation of the grain corridor, which is fundamental for the Ukrainian economy. During the meeting, the President heard a report from Commander of the Odesa operational and strategic group of troops Eduard Moskalov on the operational situation in the area of responsibility of the South operational command and the readiness of military units and subdivisions to perform assigned tasks. Commander of the Ukrainian Navy Oleksiy Neizhpapa informed about the current situation in the area of responsibility of the Navy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also heard information from the relevant leaders on the activity maintenance of Odesa region and the city of Odesa, as well as the operational and criminogenic situation in the region. The President praised the work of the regional office of the Security Service of Ukraine in countering the enemy's intelligence and subversive activities. The participants discussed the restoration of the region's economy, which suffered losses as a result of Russian shelling of the energy infrastructure, and ensuring its stable functioning, as well as the reboot of key enterprises under martial law. Particular attention was paid to social issues, including meeting the needs of internally displaced persons. Special attention was paid to the functioning of the healthcare sector, with an emphasis on the importance of rehabilitation of the military. ph Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 ph Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine