26 captures 21 May 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220521170738/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/peremogi-mozhna-dosyagti-lishe-v-boyu-oformlennya-kincya-vij-75225 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:29 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Portugal in Kyiv 21 May 2022 - 15:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Victory can be achieved only in battle, and fixing the end of the war will still be diplomatic - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2022 - 11:27 Ukraine can win the war with Russia only on the battlefield, but the final dot will still be put at the negotiating table, because that is the only way to settle many difficult issues. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the host of the United News telethon. The Head of State noted that even today he can repeat the words he said three years ago after his election as President of Ukraine: we did not start this war, but we have to end it. However, the meaning of these words has changed. "I really thought that the war could end with dialogue. But, unfortunately, I thought that this was a dialogue with the appropriate timing, that it would be possible to find answers to many questions and many decisions with the Russian side. I really thought so. And now it is a hybrid. That is why the war is so difficult. And the victory will be very difficult. It will be bloody, it will be in battle, but the end will definitely be in diplomacy," the President explained. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the end of the war will still lie in the diplomatic sphere, because there are a number of issues that can be resolved only at the negotiating table. "We want everything back. And the Russian Federation doesn’t want to return anything. That's why the ending will be at the negotiating table," he said. The Head of State also noted that the specific purpose and agenda of his future meeting with the Russian President, which is inevitable for registration of the end of the war, will depend on the moment when it will take place. "Everything changes. There is a hybrid war, honestly, there will be a hybrid peace as well. And hybrid meetings. For example, if we met today, the issue of Mariupol would also be on the agenda. If we meet in two or three months, maybe this issue will not be on the agenda, or maybe it will. We don't know," he said. At the same time, the President of Ukraine stressed that in any case the issues of the end of the war and the establishment of peace, deoccupation of Ukrainian territories, exchange and return home of Ukrainian military and civilians should be resolved at the negotiating table. "A lot depends on us, but a lot depends on Russia, too. Without talking to them, we must then state the result we have. We want the territories back and this war to be over. But how and when it will happen depends on the time when the conversation with Putin will take place. I think that the conversation between Ukraine and Russia will definitely take place. But we don't know in what format: with or without intermediaries, in a wide circle or in the format of bilateral conversation," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine