6 captures 04 Oct 2023 - 08 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chorne-more-ne-nalezhit-rosiyi-tozh-ukrayina-spilno-z-turech-84477 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Black Sea does not belong to Russia, so Ukraine, together with Türkiye and the UN, is working to unblock shipping lanes – President 22 July 2023 - 10:28 The states of the Black Sea region, in particular, Ukraine and Türkiye, maintain constructive and substantive relations with each other, and only Russia baselessly seeks to dominate the Black Sea waters. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who took part in the 14th annual Aspen Security Forum via a video link. During the event, the Head of State answered the questions of CNN journalist, influential political analyst and international relations expert Fareed Zakaria, and Deputy Prime Minister of Canada Chrystia Freeland. "All of us must not forget: the Black Sea is the sea of all our states and people. It does not belong to the Russian Federation. There is Ukraine, there is Türkiye, Romania, Bulgaria. We talk with all the countries of the Black Sea coast – substantive pragmatic human relations and, what is very important, legal relations. And Russia believes that the Black Sea is purely Russian," the Head of State said. Zelenskyy said that Ukraine is making efforts to unblock the operation of the grain corridor and hopes to achieve a result in this matter. "We are looking for a way out. We appealed to UN Secretary-General António Guterres, I spoke with him personally. I spoke with President Erdoğan. Talking about this crisis, we see certain ways out. If we succeed, if Erdoğan succeeds, if the UN is even stronger – I think we will do that," Zelenskyy said. The President also said that Russian society does not see any victories for Russia either on the battlefield or in the economy. "I think they are as demotivated as possible. They do not see any victories anywhere: in civilian life, militarily. Even those who support President Putin's policy of war and aggression... I think that this percentage (of support) is decreasing," the Head of State said. Zelenskyy said that today, when Russia has lost its internal unity, partner countries should demonstrate comprehensive support for Ukraine. "The world cannot lose its unity. Unity today is the criterion of winners. And I think that thanks to this strength, we will manage not to lose the world's attention to Ukrainian challenges, needs, and shortages. And we will for sure achieve our goal – our land, our people, peace, and respect for Ukraine's sovereignty," the President said. He said that Ukraine needs a large number of long-range weapons and artillery to reach parity with the Russian side. "I would like us to be at least the same in the artillery, and preferably better. Samples of Western weapons, NATO weapons are better, but we have less of them. And if it is less, then there should be at least a long-range balance. We lack this," Zelenskyy said. According to the Head of State, the partner countries should also resolve the issue of supplying Ukraine with modern military aircraft. "We lack modern aircraft. I'm not just talking about quality, I'm talking about quantity. We are very grateful that the world has unlocked the issue of training missions. We will start in August. But it is very important that, in addition to training, there is confidence today that we will receive enough of these aircraft," the President said. Answering a question from Freeland, Zelenskyy recalled that he communicated with her in the days when Russian troops tried to occupy Kyiv, and even at that difficult moment, he was sure that Ukraine would win over the enemy. "Because the truth is on our side. Our families are on our side, our children whom we love. It's life. Therefore, life is on our side. And I am sure that the world, its unity, is also on our side. And that is why I am sure we will win," the Head of State said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine