20 captures 25 Jul 2022 - 07 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220725164551/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/den-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavnosti-28-lipnya-utverdzhuvatime-zvya-76645 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28 will assert the connection of many generations of our people - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2022 - 22:08 View all videos n latest news Joint Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Guatemala Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla 25 July 2022 - 18:33 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with the President of Guatemala who visited our country for the first time in the history of bilateral relations 25 July 2022 - 18:25 Olena Zelenska in an interview for NBC News: We feel enormous support from the world, but it needs to come faster 25 July 2022 - 12:50 The Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28 will assert the connection of many generations of our people - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2022 - 22:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28 will assert the connection of many generations of our people - address by the President of Ukraine 24 July 2022 - 22:02 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! An important, symbolic week begins tomorrow. The week when we will first celebrate the Day of Ukrainian Statehood on July 28. For the first time. Celebrate at the time of such a brutal war - in the sixth month of it. After eight years of war in Donbas. But we will celebrate. Despite all. Because Ukrainians cannot be broken. The Day of Ukrainian Statehood will assert the connection of Ukrainians living now with many generations of our people. The state-building experience of Ukrainians, our culture, our identity, Ukrainian character are more than a thousand years old. Now, in many exploits of our warriors, in the wisdom of our people in battles, even simply in the conversations of ordinary Ukrainians about what is happening, we can see, we can hear and understand examples of the same characters but hundreds of years ago. We can see examples of the same bravery, the same attitude to life, and most importantly, the attitude towards Ukraine and the enemy. Only those who do not know the truth of history and do not feel its meaning could decide to attack us. After all that our people have gone through, after all that we have learned over the centuries. Ukrainians will never give up their independence. And they will not break from the inside as has happened more than once. Not this time! Preserving unity now, working together for the victory is the most important national task that we all will definitely fulfill. And therefore, we will be able to do what previous generations could not do before. This applies to our defense in this war for independence, to our course towards a united Europe, towards full membership in the EU, and our ability to become one of the most modern states in the world. There is no one now who would doubt this. There are only those who argue about how to achieve this. It will happen. This is a sign of faith in Ukraine - not only our own faith. Even the occupiers admit that we will win. We hear it in their conversations – all the time, in what they tell their loved ones when they contact them. Therefore, we do not slow down and, as every day for five months, we are doing everything to inflict the greatest possible losses on the enemy and to gather as much support as possible for Ukraine. This week there will be important visits of partners, there will be important negotiations, and most importantly, there will be the further advancement of Ukrainian positions. At the front, in diplomacy, in the economy. I am grateful to everyone who defends our country! And I wish all of us, all Ukrainians, a fruitful new week. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine