1 capture 13 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220313193358/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=13-03-2021&date-to=13-03-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We still need to fight and inflict maximum damage on the enemy in all areas of defense - address by the President of Ukraine 13 March 2022 - 01:05 View all videos pg Photo gallery President paid a visit to the wounded defenders of Ukraine undergoing treatment at a military hospital 13 March 2022 - 17:20 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received the Ronald Reagan Freedom Award 7 March 2022 - 20:41 Frederick Ryan stressed that this high award honors the leadership of the President of Ukraine and the steadfastness of millions of Ukrainians who defend their right to choose their own future and inspire the entire civilized world to fight for the values of freedom and democracy to which Ronald Reagan dedicated his life. A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The Office of the President of Ukraine together with UNICEF and the Ministry of Social Policy have created a bot "Child is not alone" to help minors in difficult situations in wartime. The future of the continent is being decided by us with our resistance and by our friends with their help - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2022 - 12:01 Peaceful people of a belligerent state! We have been defending ourselves against the invasion for 12 days already. We never wanted this war. But it was brought to us. We never dreamed of killing. But we have to knock out the enemy. From our land and from our lives. The audacity of the aggressor is a clear signal that sanctions against Russia are not enough - President's address 6 March 2022 - 23:09 We will not forgive the destroyed houses. We will not forgive the missile that our air defense shot down over Okhmatdyt today. And more than five hundred other such missiles that hit our land. We will not forgive the shooting of unarmed people. Destruction of our infrastructure. Hundreds and hundreds of victims. Thousands and thousands of sufferings. And God will not forgive. Not today. Not tomorrow. Never. And instead of Forgiveness, there will be a Day of Judgment. Mankind should put forward demands to terrorists, not the other way around, because terror knows no boundaries - President of Ukraine in Global Citizen 6 March 2022 - 22:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy appealed to the people through the Global Citizen platform to promote the decision to protect the Ukrainian sky from Russian attacks, civilians from bombing, and Ukrainian cities from destruction. Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the shelling of Vinnytsia by the invaders: Close the sky over Ukraine, it is your humanitarian duty 6 March 2022 - 16:02 “If you do not do that, if you at least do not give us aircraft for us to be able to protect ourselves, there can be only one conclusion: You also want us to be slowly killed. This is also the responsibility of the world's politicians, Western leaders,” the Head of State added. President: Special funds are being formed for the reconstruction of Ukraine after the war 6 March 2022 - 13:18 According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in particular, the Fund for the Restoration of Destroyed Property and Infrastructure, the Fund for Economic Recovery and Transformation, the Public Debt Service and Repayment Fund and the Small and Medium Business Support Fund are being established. Ukraine receives support from partners backed by concrete steps - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 March 2022 - 12:22 We have already gained our future. But we are still fighting for our present. It is very important. We are fighting for where the border will be. Between life and slavery. Ukrainians do not retreat, do not give up, do not stop the resistance - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 March 2022 - 21:40 Ukrainians! In all our cities where the enemy entered. Feel it. Go on the offensive! You need to go outside! You have to fight! Every time when there is an opportunity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a zoom conference with US congressmen 5 March 2022 - 18:47 In total, more than 200 politicians joined the conversation with Volodymyr Zelenskyy to hear first-hand about the situation in Ukraine and ask questions. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 102 103 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine