8 captures 24 Feb 2023 - 20 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230224183535/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-turech-81237 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy "The furious year of invincibility" 24 February 2023 - 08:09 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine takes part in meeting of G7 leaders via video link 24 February 2023 - 19:21 Implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula to make it possible to proceed to diplomatic fixation of end of war – President 24 February 2023 - 18:55 Head of State has phone conversation with President of Türkiye 24 February 2023 - 18:09 Today we can announce Ukraine receives first Leopard tanks from Poland – President after meeting with Mateusz Morawiecki in Kyiv 24 February 2023 - 17:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in state events on the anniversary of invincibility 24 February 2023 - 11:56 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State has phone conversation with President of Türkiye 24 February 2023 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with President of Türkiye Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The President of Ukraine thanked the Turkish leader for his words of support on this symbolic day for Ukraine. "I appreciate this show of support on the anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. We are grateful to you and all the Turkish people for the help we have felt all this time. We will always remember this support," Zelenskyy said. Separately, he thanked Erdoğan for Turkey's support for the UN resolution on lasting peace in Ukraine, as well as the Peace Formula. For his part, the President of the Republic of Türkiye expressed his gratitude for the assistance provided by Ukraine in overcoming the consequences of the devastating earthquakes. Zelenskyy once again expressed his condolences to Erdoğan and the entire Turkish people in connection with the tragedy. "The people of Ukraine stand side by side with the Turkish people in this dire hour. We are ready to continue providing all possible assistance to Türkiye and its people," the President of Ukraine said. During the conversation, the parties expressed interest in continuing the Black Sea Grain Initiative. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine