1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=63 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Those who still have certain levers of influence on Russia can contribute to the return of Ukrainian children and the release of Ukrainian civilians from captivity 6 June 2023 - 19:18 The issue of releasing Ukrainian civilians from Russian captivity is more complicated than the exchange of prisoners of war, so in this process, our state counts on the help of the international community, which can force Russia to release Ukrainian captives. President: Russia must bear criminal responsibility for the consequences of blasting Kakhovka HPP structures 6 June 2023 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Russia must bear criminal responsibility for the ecocide provoked by blowing up the structures of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. The Head of State said this during a press conference in Kyiv. President handed over the Gold Star Orders to the families of the fallen Heroes of Ukraine and presented other state awards 6 June 2023 - 16:58 “Today, in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine, we have different people. Different, but the lives of them all have become part of the life of our Ukraine. Our warriors, the families of our warriors, and people of different professions who work hard and effectively for the sake of our country and the protection of our people. In particular, war correspondents, whom I would like to particularly honor today, on Journalists' Day,” the Head of State said. President of Ukraine met with Special Envoy of Pope Francis 6 June 2023 - 16:18 The Head of State and the Special Envoy of Pope Francis discussed the situation in our country and humanitarian cooperation between Ukraine and the Holy See in the framework of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. This year in Vilnius, it is necessary to finally establish that Ukraine will be a member of NATO – address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Bucharest Nine Summit 6 June 2023 - 14:45 Terror must lose. And we have to ensure that with every step we take, every choice we make, and every summit we organize. President of Ukraine held an emergency meeting of the National Security and Defense Council on the situation at the Kakhovka HPP 6 June 2023 - 11:45 Instructions were given to evacuate civilians from the endangered areas and to provide drinking water to settlements dependent on the Kakhovka reservoir. The enemy knows that Ukraine will win – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 June 2023 - 21:55 I am grateful to each of our warriors, to all our defenders who gave us the news we expect. The key strategic security goal of Ukraine and Europe is to prevent Russia from striking again – Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Rzeczpospolita 5 June 2023 - 20:37 To ensure the security of Ukraine and the whole of Europe, the world must unite and take steps to make Russia unable to strike again. A pause in the current war is unacceptable, as it may allow the aggressor to prepare, recover and start the war again. This was stated by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Polish daily Rzeczpospolita. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 5 June 2023 - 17:45 The parties had a detailed exchange of views on Ukraine's expectations from the NATO Summit in Vilnius. The Head of State emphasized that it is important for our country to receive a clear signal on the prospects of membership in the Alliance. The time will come when children on Earth, including those in Ukraine, will be protected from such evil as Russian - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 June 2023 - 20:02 Let the verdicts against the ruscists that they will one day hear in the dock - lawful and just verdicts - be evidence that the world will still protect life, protect civilization. 1 2 ... 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine