1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030326/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=55 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Head of State: Chaplains are heroes as they bolster the morale of our defenders 24 February 2023 - 13:17 On the anniversary of invincibility, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with chaplains who are currently serving in the Armed Forces and the National Guard of Ukraine. President awarded Ukrainian defenders and presented battle flags to military units 24 February 2023 - 12:18 On the anniversary of invincibility, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards, conferred honorary titles upon military personnel and civilians, and handed over battle flags to military units of the Armed Forces and assault brigades of the Offensive Guard. Head of State met with the delegation of the global parliamentary network "United for Ukraine" 23 February 2023 - 20:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the global parliamentary network United for Ukraine, which included representatives of the parliaments of 13 European countries and the European Parliament. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Pedro Sánchez unveiled a plaque dedicated to the Prime Minister of Spain on the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 23 February 2023 - 18:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain Pedro Sánchez visited the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv and took part in the unveiling of a plaque in honor of the head of the Spanish government. The more countries are involved in the implementation of the Peace Formula, the sooner the war in Ukraine will end - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2023 - 18:26 Ukraine is interested in the support of our Peace Formula by as many countries as possible, as this will help to end the unjust war unleashed by Russia. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives following a meeting with Prime Minister of Spain Pedro Sánchez in Kyiv. Launch of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU could become a historic achievement of Spain's Presidency of the Council of the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following his meeting with Pedro Sánchez in Kyiv 23 February 2023 - 17:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain Pedro Sánchez, who arrived in our country on a visit. Air defense equipment provided by Italy is what really saves the lives of our people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following talks with Giorgia Meloni in Kyiv 21 February 2023 - 22:23 "Since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion, we have been receiving principled assistance and support from Italy at all levels. Both defense and political, humanitarian, economic, and support for our energy system. Rome played a significant role in resolving the issue of Ukraine's EU candidate status. We are grateful to Italy for this," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Joint Declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Council of Ministers of the Italian Republic Giorgia Meloni 21 February 2023 - 20:58 The President of Ukraine and the President of the Council of Ministers of the Italian Republic note the readiness to remain fully committed to the policy of non-recognition of illegal annexation of Ukraine’s territories by Russia. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Knesset of the State of Israel 21 February 2023 - 18:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the common security challenges facing our countries today, as well as the Russian-Iranian political rapprochement, require a paradigm shift in the interaction between Ukraine and Israel and bringing it to a new level. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives led by Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs Michael McCaul 21 February 2023 - 17:55 "This is a very powerful signal. Yesterday - President Biden's visit, today - a meeting with you. I believe this is very important evidence that the United States supports Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. 1 2 ... 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine