5 captures 03 Feb 2023 - 18 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230203173521/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-predstavnikami-yevrokomisiyi-posi-80757 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 View all videos n latest news Ukraine preparing for possible Russian offensive, we need more weapons, in particular long-range weapons – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2023 - 18:50 Our goal is to start negotiations on joining EU already this year – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the Ukraine-EU summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 18:25 Joint statement following the 24th EU-Ukraine Summit 3 February 2023 - 17:39 The 24th EU-Ukraine Summit takes place in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 16:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and representatives of the European Commission discussed the issue of strengthening sanctions policy against the Russian aggressor 3 February 2023 - 11:37 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission Bjoern Seibert and Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the European Commission Fernando Andresen Guimarães. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of strengthening sanctions against Russian propagandists who actively support aggression against Ukraine. In particular, these individuals visit the countries of the civilized world and own real estate in the European Union and the United States. According to Andriy Yermak, the propagandists who supported the murders should be deprived of the opportunity to travel freely to the EU and the US. Andriy Yermak called on the European Commission to further increase sanctions pressure on Russia. He emphasized that Ukraine is waiting for a decision on the introduction of another powerful package of sanctions by the anniversary of the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion. The Head of the Presidential Office proposed to hold weekly briefings for representatives of partner countries to discuss the issue of strengthening sanctions against individuals and legal entities that continue to support Russia's aggression against Ukraine. According to him, these briefings will be used to consider proposals, the vision of the Ukrainian side and vectors of further steps to strengthen the sanctions policy. For their part, representatives of the European Commission informed the Head of the Presidential Office about further steps in the sanctions policy towards Russia and expressed readiness to review the proposals of the Ukrainian side in this regard. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine