14 captures 13 Apr 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240413013640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-podolannya-sogodnishnih-viklikiv-potribna-maksimalna-ye-90261 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Serial production and new models of missiles: our "defence industry" has the necessary results – address of the President of Ukraine 10 April 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: Global Support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula Can Facilitate the "All for All" Prisoner Exchange 12 April 2024 - 23:00 The Reintegration Management Program Project is Launched under the Auspices of the Office of the President of Ukraine 12 April 2024 - 21:35 The President Honored Defenders and Medical Workers at the Military Hospital in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:26 We are Going to the Regions to Help Business — President at the Presentation of the Made in Ukraine Platform in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events To Overcome Today's Challenges, Maximum Unity and Cooperation is Needed — The President at the Meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities 12 April 2024 - 17:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the meeting of the Congress of local and regional authorities in Chernivtsi. The head of state emphasized that this meeting took place against the background of serious challenges and threats facing the country. "The first is the situation regarding help from our partners. Unfortunately, some of the support is slowing down, and we have to do everything we can to increase our own capabilities. Do not waste time, strengthen Ukraine. At the same time, we must communicate as much as possible with our partners at all levels, in particular between communities, so that the world's attention to Ukraine remains," the President noted. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that now the greatest attention should be paid to the energy sector. The state is working to strengthen air defences and obtain the necessary power equipment, but a clear understanding of the needs must be in each community. "Now, at all levels, we have to prepare for the next heating season: communities, government officials, and our respective energy companies," the President emphasized. The head of state called for maximum attention in every community to soldiers undergoing treatment and rehabilitation, to support their families, as well as to promote the development of all defence industries and provide people with work. The head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak noted that the most difficult situation is currently in the Kharkiv, Odesa, Mykolaiv, and Zaporizhzhia regions. He called on other regions to show maximum solidarity with them. "Victory is our absolute priority. It includes the support of our soldiers and the rehabilitation of veterans, the safety of the population and the protection of critical infrastructure, the stimulation of economic development, the improvement of management efficiency, and European integration," he noted. Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada, Ruslan Stefanchuk, informed in the online mode about the recent decisions of the parliament, in particular regarding mobilization, and the adoption in the first reading of the draft law on the Bureau of Economic Security. Ukraine’s Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said that now all efforts are aimed at quick repair and restoration of generation facilities, decentralization of the energy system, and involvement of partners in helping the energy sector. According to him, Ukraine already has more than 120 small cogeneration plants that produce electricity and heat at the same time. But such a number of systems is not enough for Ukraine. In addition to that, the Cabinet of Ministers also decided to finance the purchase of EW equipment for critical infrastructure facilities. The government has additionally allocated UAH 3.9 billion for the construction of defence lines. Representatives of the Security and Defence Forces reported on countering threats to security and statehood under martial law. The event was also attended by members of the government and heads of regional military administrations, diplomatic representatives of Ukraine's neighbouring states and partners, and the president of the World Congress of Ukrainians Pavlo Grod. The President of the Bundesrat of the Federal Republic of Germany, Manuela Schwesig, addressed the participants in video format. A total of 160 members of the Congress were present, including 78 heads of cities, villages, and towns. Another 1,500+ members joined online. This was announced by the deputy head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba. v Videos ph 12 April 2024 - 17:25 ph 12 April 2024 - 17:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine