9 captures 03 Oct 2022 - 19 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003223049/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-prezidentom-polshi-ta-otrimav-z-j-78261 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:47 View all videos n latest news Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:44 Andriy Yermak met with the President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda 3 October 2022 - 23:28 Pursuant to the instruction of the President, Andriy Yermak presented the Gold Star Orders to five defenders of Azovstal, who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 3 October 2022 - 20:32 Andriy Yermak in Türkiye organized a meeting of the defenders of "Azovstal" with members of their families 3 October 2022 - 19:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda 3 October 2022 - 23:28 During his stay in Warsaw, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda. Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine highly appreciates everything that Poland has done and is doing so that our country can endure and win a full-scale war with Russia. The Head of the President's Office thanked Andrzej Duda for his steadfast support of our country and condemnation of the new attempt to annex the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine by Russia. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the sham referenda held by the Russian Federation are worthless and do not change reality. "Ukraine will return what’s ours. The territorial integrity of Ukraine will be restored," he emphasized. The interlocutors discussed further steps of the international community in response to Russia's recent attempt to annex the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that such steps should involve complete international isolation of Russia, strengthening of global sanctions, designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism, further defense and macro-financial support for our country. Andriy Yermak and Andrzej Duda also discussed the interaction of Ukraine and Poland within NATO, in particular in the context of Ukraine's application for membership in the Alliance. "We rely on Poland's proactive support in the issue of Ukraine's membership in NATO and the provision of international security guarantees to our state," said the Head of the President's Office. In this regard, Andriy Yermak separately emphasized the recommendations prepared by the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine concerning the Kyiv Security Compact, the implementation of which the Ukrainian side will work together with partners. The interlocutors discussed the continuation of security aid to the Ukrainian army, as well as the urgent needs of the defense forces of Ukraine. In addition, the Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of prompt provision of defense support and its strengthening. Special attention was paid during the conversation to the issues of energy security and bilateral cooperation in the energy sector. The parties exchanged views on current issues of bilateral relations. Andriy Yermak positively assessed the progress achieved in increasing the capacity of checkpoints on the Ukrainian-Polish border and noted the importance of introducing joint border and customs control at all checkpoints. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine also thanked Andrzej Duda for being awarded the high state award of the Republic of Poland - the Grand Cross of Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland. "It is a great honor for me to receive this high award. I consider it as an award for the entire Ukrainian people," emphasized Andriy Yermak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine