8 captures 21 Jun 2024 - 15 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 21 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240621200556/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-sogodni-vagomij-zdobutok-u-nashomu-rusi-u-yevrosoyuz-91701 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today We Have a Significant Achievement on Our Way to the European Union — the Address by the President 21 June 2024 - 20:02 View all videos n latest news Today We Have a Significant Achievement on Our Way to the European Union — the Address by the President 21 June 2024 - 19:58 Ukraine and Poland Held the Final Round of Negotiations on the Bilateral Security Agreement 21 June 2024 - 15:43 Olena Zelenska: Superhumans Project for Treatment and Rehabilitation of Wounded Will Be Scaled Up to the Entire Country 21 June 2024 - 12:57 President of Ukraine's Greetings on the Graduation of 2,138 Officers from Higher Military Educational Institutions 21 June 2024 - 12:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Today We Have a Significant Achievement on Our Way to the European Union — the Address by the President 21 June 2024 - 19:58 Dear Ukrainians! Today – our words of gratitude. In particular, to the entire team of Ukraine that works for the sake of our country and people in the European direction. Today we have a significant achievement on our way to the European Union — the things we had planned for this half of the year are being fully implemented. The European Union has approved a negotiating framework for Ukraine — we fought hard for this at various levels. And it is this framework that determines the format and procedure of accession negotiations with our country. And next week, the negotiations will actually begin. These are indeed historic things. Ukraine is and will always be a part of a united Europe. Today I have approved the composition of the Ukrainian delegation for the start of accession negotiations. I also want to congratulate Moldova — all the people of Moldova and Madam President Sandu. Today, the EU negotiating framework for Moldova has also been approved. And it is important that every country, every society that truly professes European values and aspires to real European strength — that every such nation — be together with all the others in a united Europe. I have just spoken with President of Poland Duda. I thanked him for his support of our country: our defense, our progress towards the European Union, and our global initiative — the Peace Summit. We discussed our next joint steps, diverse steps. In particular, our positions before the NATO Summit in Washington, D.C. Moreover, we are preparing further steps to implement the points of the Peace Formula. We also appreciate the fact that Poland can help us to involve other states — those that have not yet joined our common international work for peace. Everyone's efforts can bring results for all. Of course, there was a lot of attention on the front today — our military, our prospects. Among other things, there was a report by the Head of the Foreign Intelligence Service. There was a report by the Commander-in-Chief. I'm proud of all our people who are repelling the Russian attacks with great resilience and great courage. The situation in the Kharkiv region is even more stabilized. And this is thanks to our warriors. The situation in the Donetsk region is extremely difficult. Especially the Pokrovsk direction, with dozens of Russian attacks every day. It is very important to withstand there, to destroy the occupier and not to give Russia any reason to hope for any success in its war against Ukraine. We can and must fight to ensure results for Ukraine. In everything. Always. Whenever there is an opportunity, whenever there are chances, and whenever we ourselves have to create our own chances for victory. For the success of Ukraine. And our gratitude today to the National Team. Every time the guys push, try, and strive to win, everything works out. I spoke with them today before the match, with Serhiy Rebrov and Andriy Shevchenko, with the guys. I truly hoped for a good result for Ukraine, for our people, so that everyone would feel supported. Every victory is important on the way to our victory. And today we have this result of the National Team! I thank everyone who gives strength to Ukraine! I thank everyone who fights and believes — believes that we will gain victory! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine