22 captures 02 Mar 2023 - 06 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230302210801/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/okupant-neminuche-vidchuvatime-nashu-silu-spravedlivosti-zve-81381 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The occupier will inevitably feel our strength of justice - address by the President of Ukraine 2 March 2023 - 21:27 View all videos n latest news The occupier will inevitably feel our strength of justice - address by the President of Ukraine 2 March 2023 - 21:27 Andriy Yermak had a meeting with NATO Assistant Secretary General 2 March 2023 - 11:28 This winter was very difficult, but we managed to provide Ukraine with energy and heat - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 March 2023 - 21:44 Volodymyr Zelenskyy talked to the famous actress Katheryn Winnick, who became an ambassador of United4 1 March 2023 - 12:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The occupier will inevitably feel our strength of justice - address by the President of Ukraine 2 March 2023 - 21:27 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! A brief report on the day. I have just spoken with the President of Brazil. It was a useful conversation. We are resuming contacts between our countries at the highest level. I informed him about Russia's attacks against our people, about the killing of children, about the strikes on our civilian infrastructure. I thanked Brazil for supporting our resolution on peace and territorial integrity for Ukraine. We discussed diplomatic efforts to stop Russian aggression and restore peace for our country, the region, and the world. In particular, international efforts to implement our Peace Formula. Today I also spoke with the President of Switzerland. This is our first conversation with the new President. I thanked him for the support package for Ukraine and our people. We discussed further bilateral cooperation and possible interaction on international platforms. I heard that Switzerland is interested in implementing our Peace Formula. This is a very good signal. I held a meeting of the Staff, which focused solely on the frontline and security situation. The Commander-in-Chief made a general report. There was an intelligence report. Detailed reports from specific combat areas, from the commanders of our groups of troops. Khortytsia Operational and Strategic Group of Troops - key attention to Bakhmut. Tavria Operational and Strategic Group of Troops - discussed the Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia directions. General Tarnavskyi delivered a detailed report. Today's brutal Russian missile attack on Zaporizhzhia will face our military and legal response. The occupier will inevitably feel our strength. The strength of justice in every sense of the word. And I want to thank all our rescuers who have been clearing the rubble of the house whose block was destroyed by the missile since the night before. They managed to rescue 11 people, and more than 70 received help. Two people are currently on the list of those killed. My condolences to the families! Odesa Operational and Strategic Group of Troops - a report about the situation in the southern direction. In particular, the situation in Kherson and the region. Of course, we do not ignore the north of our country, the border. Commanders are well aware that their task is to do everything possible to suppress terrorist fire. And we are constantly working with our partners to increase the range of our capabilities. Today, I signed several decrees awarding our warriors. In total, 847 defenders received state awards on this day. Soldiers of our mechanized brigades, tankmen, artillerymen, marines, intelligence officers, Air Force, Special Operations Forces, territorial defense, the National Guard, the National Police, border guards, SBI and SES employees. As of today, the number of our defenders whose bravery and efficiency have been recognized with state awards is over 40 thousand. I thank everyone who defends our country! I am grateful to all those who daily accustom Russia to the idea that Ukraine cannot be broken. We will endure. We will win. And we will bring all Russian terrorists to justice. Glory to our warriors! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine