2 captures 03 Aug 2022 - 19 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220803223256/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-obyednati-suspilstva-proti-rozvyazanoyi-rosiyeyu-vijn-76257 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:43 Ukraine is grateful to Estonia for real support - President at a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 3 August 2022 - 19:28 The Ministry of Internal Affairs and UNFPA, with the support of the First Lady, launched a mobile application for calling the police in cases of domestic violence 3 August 2022 - 18:36 Ukrainians today are motivated by every victory, so we cheer for our athletes, artists and scientists more than ever - President 3 August 2022 - 14:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must unite societies against the war unleashed by Russia and force it to seek peace - President during a conversation with students and lecturers of universities in Japan 4 July 2022 - 16:31 The least people around the world can do to help Ukraine is to be ambassadors of our country and spread the truth about Russia's war against us. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with students and lecturers of Japanese universities. According to him, it is very important that societies abroad, in particular educated Asian students, do not forget about free Ukraine. "We know that Russia spends a lot of money to convince the world that there is no war, that there was some kind of operation, etc. But you are aware of these dreadful consequences. So, just like our Ambassador, you are the ambassadors in your communities who can spread the truth. No disinformation," the President emphasized. The Head of State noted: Ukraine strives to be supported, so no one should forget about this war, because the Ukrainian people protect not only Ukraine, but also the values of the entire civilized world. "So, please spread all this among the same distinguished people as you from other countries," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He noted that nowadays, weapons are not just things used on the battlefield. "Information policy, information weapons have the same significant influence - influence on societies of various states, on their leaders," the President said. According to the Head of State, the right messages helped unite Europe and the world around Ukraine. "Today, most countries of the world know that there is a war in Ukraine, and they know where the truth is. They know that Ukraine is defending itself against the war started by the Russian Federation. And I directly carry out this mission - I have to tell many societies what is happening in our country and unite other societies against the war that Russia has started and does not want to end. And with such actions, force Russia to seek peace," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The President of Ukraine noted that our country needs the support and experience of Asian countries, and expressed gratitude to the Prime Minister of Japan and his government, which understands whose side the truth is on in this war. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Japanese university community could participate in certain educational programs for Ukrainian schoolchildren or help in rebuilding the educational space. The President emphasized that thousands of educational institutions in Ukraine have already been destroyed as a result of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation. "And here it will be difficult to do without the support of partner countries, because today we are talking about a large-scale reconstruction of our state. Because on September 1, our children will go to school, and we need to help them a lot. Somewhere it is a technical issue - computers, somewhere it is educational programs. Any assistance will be appropriate and will not be superfluous," the Head of State noted. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine