14 captures 11 Dec 2021 - 11 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070844/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-mi-zrobili-vse-shob-rosiya-sogodni-skazala-sh-71989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Head of State: We have done everything to make Russia say today that it is not going to invade Ukraine 10 December 2021 - 23:16 During a phone conversation with US President Joseph Biden, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the possibility of creating another platform with the United States for negotiations with the Russian Federation on ending the war in Donbas and restoring Ukraine's territorial integrity. The Head of State spoke about this in an interview for 1 + 1 TV channel. "The United States will be interested in a role in the Normandy format if it really decides something important, not just moderating the process or watching from the sidelines. It can also be a separate platform that can cooperate with the “Normandy Four". This may be a single plan, where some issues are discussed on a separate platform, where, for example, Ukraine, the United States and Russia are present, and some very important things are discussed in the Normandy format,” said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President noted that it is important for Ukraine not to lose the Normandy format, because our country's partners are really interested in resolving the conflict in Donbas. "Emmanuel Macron is interested. Today he is one of the leaders of Europe, who is clearly interested in the development and implementation of the Normandy format. That's why his reaction is very important to me. I will soon meet the new Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. Today I have a reaction that everyone stands for having several ways, everyone wants as many countries as possible to do everything possible to stop the war in the east of Ukraine," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also stressed that he did not rule out a separate format of direct talks with the President of the Russian Federation. "I see support for this direction from both our European partners and the United States," the President said. At the same time, according to the President, in his conversation with Joseph Biden, there were no proposals to conduct a direct dialogue between Ukraine and the leaders of the so-called illegal groups in Donbas. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also added that Emmanuel Macron constantly emphasizes that Ukraine should not be left alone with representatives of illegal armed groups, as the Russian Federation wants. The Head of State noted that during the talks with the American leader it was agreed that Ukraine would be a subject and participant in any meetings with the participation of other states concerning our country. The President of Ukraine said that during a conversation with Joseph Biden, he received a message of assurances from Russia that it is not going to continue the escalation as regards the territories of our state. "It seems to me that this is a small and not final, but still very important result. We have done everything to make Russia tell the United States that it is not going to invade (Ukraine - ed.)," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that today it is difficult to get specifics about this situation, because the President of Russia is interested in talks with the President of the United States and is not interested in talks with anyone else. "We have united everyone, and everyone understands that a serious package of sanctions is being prepared in case of any challenges, any, even small, escalation from Russia," the Head of State stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also reminded that all current powerful sanctions remain in force, even though other states suffer because of this sanctions policy. Asked about the possibility of holding a referendum on the special status of certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, the President said that he does not rule out the possibility of a "referendum on Donbas as a whole" as part of a number of agreements, but today such an expression of will is not considered. "It could be about Donbas, about Crimea, it could be about ending the war in general. This or that country may offer us certain conditions. This is not the case today. That is, I have no secrets from society here. I would not joke with such things. But if there is such a difficult challenge, I will definitely consult with our society," the President said. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Ukraine will definitely not give up its territories. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine