1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013158/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Unite for freedom, for common achievements - President's address to the university community of the Netherlands 12 September 2023 - 16:25 Overcome the things that divide you so that in any crisis situation you will always have an ally by your side. When this is your skill on a personal level, it will invariably become your special strength on a community and national level. Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with the State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany 12 September 2023 - 15:38 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany Thomas Bagger. Declarations should be open immediately - address by the President of Ukraine 12 September 2023 - 10:19 I vetoed a law passed by the Verkhovna Rada that contained restrictions on electronic declarations. I think everyone understands the reason for this veto: declarations should be open. Paperwork in the military should be much less – address of President of Ukraine 11 September 2023 - 21:44 The Ministry of Defense is currently relaunching the accounting system, with assistance from the Ministry of Digital Transformation. Estonia will soon become the first EU country to introduce a mechanism for the use of confiscated Russian assets - Ihor Zhovkva after the meeting with Kyllike Sillaste-Elling 11 September 2023 - 20:17 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia Kyllike Sillaste-Elling. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany 11 September 2023 - 17:10 The Head of State thanked Germany for its significant support for Ukraine, particularly military and financial. The President emphasized a new package of defense assistance from Germany and a significant contribution to bolstering Ukraine's air defense. Front: over the past seven days, we have advanced - address by the President of Ukraine 10 September 2023 - 22:28 Every week, our warriors continuously keep the initiative in the hands of Ukraine. It is Ukrainian heroism that determines how this war will end. We must all remember this. Olena Zelenska at YES 2023: Mental health is the foundation of resilience 10 September 2023 - 15:33 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy (YES). This is a forum where Ukraine's European future is discussed in a global context. This year's meeting, titled "Command Post: The Future is Decided in Ukraine," was the 18th in a row. Partnership of Ukraine and Japan will become a global example of protecting life and creating new opportunities for nations – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 September 2023 - 15:33 A very important security result today – we agreed to start preparing a bilateral document with Japan on security guarantees. Volodymyr Zelenskyy agrees with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan to start negotiations on bilateral agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine 9 September 2023 - 15:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan Yoshimasa Hayashi, who is visiting Ukraine. 1 2 ... 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine