1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032152/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=147 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The people of Ukraine and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy became laureates of the Sakharov Prize 14 December 2022 - 17:25 The award was presented during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Strasbourg. The President of Ukraine took part in the ceremony online. Olena Zelenska called on the French to join in the restoration of the hub hospital in de-occupied Izyum 14 December 2022 - 16:52 On the second day of her visit to the French Republic, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the "In Solidarity with the Ukrainian People" conference held in Paris. The event was initiated by French President Emmanuel Macron. The most effective protection of freedom, human rights and the rule of law is to hold to account all those who started the war - President of Ukraine at the presentation of the Sakharov Prize 14 December 2022 - 15:30 It is necessary to act now - without waiting for the end of the war - to hold to account all those who started it, and to prevent any repetition of aggression. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 14 December 2022 - 13:22 The latest actions of the enemy and ways of countering them were analyzed. Special attention was paid to ensuring security at the state border of Ukraine. Work continued on issues of strengthening our country's air defense and anti-missile defense, as well as protection of energy infrastructure. President paid tribute to the liquidators of the accident at the Chornobyl NPP 14 December 2022 - 09:21 On the Day of commemoration of the participants in the liquidation of the consequences of the accident at the Chornobyl NPP, a basket of flowers was placed on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the "Warriors of Chornobyl" memorial in the city of Kyiv. After the adoption of the law on national minorities, Ukraine has become one step closer to the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 13 December 2022 - 23:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Director of the Spanish EU Presidency Coordination Office María Aurora Mejía Errasquín. I urge you to support the Ukrainian Peace Formula and to start the consolidation of the world for the sake of countering ecocide - speech by the President in the Parliament of New Zealand 13 December 2022 - 23:09 There is no real peace where ecocide has taken place, and its consequences have not been overcome. The story of DACK is over, the story of reforms continues even during the war - address by the President of Ukraine 13 December 2022 - 22:20 Today I signed the Law adopted by the Verkhovna Rada on the liquidation of the District Administrative Court of Kyiv. Andriy Yermak discussed with Jake Sullivan the continuation of security, economic and humanitarian support for Ukraine 13 December 2022 - 21:40 As part of the ongoing dialogue, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan. The more effectively we combine the power of Ukraine and France, the more we will benefit from it, the more reliable peace will be - President's address to the participants of the forum on the resilience and reconstruction of Ukraine in Paris 13 December 2022 - 19:05 Thank you very much for the news regarding the large contribution, regarding the support for Ukraine in the amount of 1 billion - it is really very important for us. 1 2 ... 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine