7 captures 07 Nov 2023 - 04 Aug 2025 Oct NOV Dec 07 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231107170253/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-videodzvinok-iz-pershoyu-ledi-respubl-86813 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The battle that determines the fate of the state and people is now underway; it is not the right time for elections – address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2023 - 21:13 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Alexander Soros the restoration of infrastructure and investments in the Ukrainian economy 7 November 2023 - 15:56 Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 7 November 2023 - 09:31 The battle that determines the fate of the state and people is now underway; it is not the right time for elections – address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2023 - 21:06 Regarding Russian strike on soldiers of 128th Separate Mountain Infantry Brigade: The main thing is to establish the truth about what happened and prevent such incidents from happening again – address by the President of Ukraine 5 November 2023 - 18:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda 7 November 2023 - 09:31 The First Lady of Ukraine had a video call with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda. Olena Zelenska thanked her colleague for systematic and extremely active assistance to Ukraine and its citizens. In particular, with the support of the First Lady of Poland, a series of training sessions were held in Ukraine for Ukrainian doctors and rescuers in various fields. 39 Ukrainian doctors - rehabilitation specialists, burn specialists, anesthesiologists, and physiotherapists - completed an internship at the Eastern Center of the Burns Treatment and Reconstructive Surgery. Five groups of doctors and medical staff from institutions in Lviv, Kyiv, Odesa, Rivne, Ivano-Frankivsk, Vinnytsia, Dnipropetrovsk, Kropyvnytskyi, Uzhhorod, Cherkasy, and Ternopil took part in the training program. 49 Ukrainian emergency medicine doctors were trained in Poland as part of Polish helicopter air brigades under the Helicopter emergency medical services (HEMS) program. Pursuant to the agreements reached between the First Lady of Poland and the First Lady of Ukraine in Warsaw during the visit of the Ukrainian presidential couple to Poland on April 5, 2023, a new series of specialized training courses was launched for medical personnel from Ukraine in the areas of rehabilitation, stress management and psychotrauma. 100 Ukrainian doctors (rehabilitation therapists, psychologists and psychiatrists) were trained in the diagnosis and treatment of war-related stress disorders at the Military Medical Institute of the National Research Institute in Warsaw. In September of this year, medical professionals from Ukraine were trained in advanced life-saving methods and combat medicine. Instructors from the Air Ambulance Service and the Department of Emergency Medicine at the Warsaw Medical University are training Ukrainian doctors, feldshers and nurses. A total of 90 women took part in the program. Under agreements with the Association of Volunteer Fire Brigades of the Republic of Poland (covering units of volunteer fire brigades operating throughout Poland and numbering nearly 700,000 members), training courses for volunteer firefighters were organized. The training took place in two locations: the Strażak Training Center in Turawa (Opole Voivodeship) and the Kirowy Gosciniec Training and Recreation Center in Koscielisko (Małopolska Voivodeship). "Dear Agata, I am grateful to you for not only helping to organize these trainings, but also personally visiting Ukrainian doctors during their internships in Warsaw, having warm meetings and supporting Ukrainian doctors who have been and are currently undergoing internships," Olena Zelenska said. The first ladies also discussed further cooperation between the countries to save lives. In particular, the possibility of training employees of emergency medical centers, workers of children's homes, nursing homes or hospices, as well as family upbringing specialists. "Today in Ukraine, there is a need for coaches to train future foster parents, guardians, trustees, adoptive parents and foster caregivers. Therefore, the opportunity to learn and exchange experience with the Republic of Poland is extremely important for us. We know that Poland has a national framework curriculum for family-based forms of upbringing, as well as good practices of municipal training programs for candidates for guardians," Olena Zelenska noted. The first ladies also discussed the results of the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which took place on September 6, 2023 in Kyiv. "The result of our joint work is especially important: under the auspices of the Summit, a satellite summit of health ministers from different countries was held for the first time and a unique project was launched: The International Medical Partnership, which signed 25 memoranda of cooperation between medical institutions of Ukraine and other countries. This will allow for faster and more efficient saving of human lives, which are under particular threat in Ukraine every day due to Russian aggression. This will support and strengthen Ukraine's medical system, which has been under enormous strain for two years now and is being tested by the war. But these memoranda are bilateral. We want not only to take but also to give. Specialists from foreign clinics will have the opportunity to learn from their Ukrainian colleagues how to save lives in extreme conditions. All participants will be able to conduct joint operations, research and training," Olena Zelenska noted. In particular, a memorandum of international medical partnership was signed between the Children Memorial Health Institute, Warsaw, Republic of Poland, and the National Children's Specialized Hospital "Ohmatdyt" of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. The subject of the memorandum is, among other things, cooperation on the implementation of a program for children's liver and kidney transplantation at the National Children's Specialized Hospital "Ohmatdyt" of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine based on the requirements of the European Reference Network TransplantChild. "We strive to save every life. We are grateful to our friends who help us do this in the best possible way," Olena Zelenska said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine