5 captures 22 Jul 2020 - 22 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324004510/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vpevnenij-sho-novij-ochilnik-nacbanku-kirilo-62325 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:30 View all videos n latest news Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Ukrainians and the nations of the world 24 March 2022 - 00:18 Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: I am convinced that the new Governor of the National Bank Kyrylo Shevchenko will cope with all the key challenges 20 July 2020 - 17:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the new Governor of the National Bank of Ukraine Kyrylo Shevchenko to the NBU staff. The President stressed the importance of continuing cooperation with Ukraine's international financial partners. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy introduced the new Governor of the National Bank of Ukraine Kyrylo Shevchenko to the NBU staff. The President stressed the importance of continuing cooperation with Ukraine's international financial partners. Introducing Kyrylo Shevchenko during a meeting in the NBU premises, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the Governor of the National Bank should be not only independent, but also professional, courageous and responsible. "I am convinced that Mr. Shevchenko is just such a person," the President said. The President stressed that the candidacy of the new Governor of the National Bank was supported by the NBU Board, management of state-owned and commercial banks, as well as experts in the banking sector. Kyrylo Shevchenko has 20 years of experience in the banking sphere. "He is really a professional that the National Bank of Ukraine, our economy and, in fact, the whole country need," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President expressed confidence that the new Governor of the National Bank will cope with all key challenges. In particular, according to the President, the National Bank should maintain macroeconomic stability, promote long-term economic growth and stability of the national currency, minimize the impact of the crisis caused by the coronavirus pandemic on the economy and provide real loans to Ukrainian businesses and citizens. "It is important to continue effective cooperation with our partners, the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and other powerful financial partners of Ukraine," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that today the new Governor of the NBU received a vote of confidence from the professional community, the President, the government, the parliament and all Ukrainian citizens. The Head of State is hopeful that this “loan” will be returned "with very good interest rates in the form of macro-financial stability, economic growth, stable national currency”. "I sincerely wish you success, strength and wisdom. And I think the most important thing in your job is to always remember the name of the institution you took the lead of. This is the National Bank of Ukraine. Ukraine is key. Therefore, you must act independently, solely in the interests of Ukraine, its economic stability and the well-being of its citizens," the President said. For his part, NBU Governor Kyrylo Shevchenko thanked the Head of State and the Verkhovna Rada for their trust and stressed the importance of cooperation between the authorities and the National Bank. "It is impossible to achieve this without an effective dialogue between us. I will do everything in my power to increase the influence of the Central Bank (NBU - ed.) in the field of maintaining the national economy of Ukraine and improving the quality of life of Ukrainians," Kyrylo Shevchenko said. According to him, the NBU will ensure macroeconomic stability and stability of the financial sector. At the same time, the National Bank must create the necessary conditions for the development of lending to the real sector of the economy. The Governor of the National Bank noted that the NBU and the authorities must ensure all conditions for sustainable economic growth. Kyrylo Shevchenko stressed that the National Bank will remain an independent institution, and decisions will continue to be made professionally and in an economically sound manner. He also noted that the NBU will continue its policy of cooperation with international financial organizations and foreign investors. In addition, the National Bank will support the implementation of the main directions of the strategy of state-owned banks. Kyrylo Shevchenko also stressed the importance of reforming the corporate governance of state-owned banks. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine