1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013237/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=14 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam was well prepared and supported by Russian national legislation - Oleg Ustenko in Newsweek 12 June 2023 - 22:27 According to Oleg Ustenko, on May 30, a week before the dam's collapse, the Russian government approved a law aimed at "ensuring the safety of hydraulic structures" in the territory of Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions it proclaimed to have annexed in September 2022. Presidential Office hosts briefing for UAE delegation on security and humanitarian situation in Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 12:17 Roman Mashovets briefed the Emirati side on the situation on the frontline and the overall security situation in Ukraine, in particular on the continuation of missile and Iranian drone strikes throughout our country. Andriy Yermak met with the delegation of the UAE headed by the Minister of Climate Change and Environment, Head of the Office of International Affairs under the President of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 10:15 The meeting was focused on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the possibility of the Emirates joining the implementation of its individual points, in particular, on ensuring food, radiation and nuclear security and preventing ecocide. Ukraine has gained the ultimate victory in the case of the return of "Scythian gold" 9 June 2023 - 14:08 On June 9, 2023, after almost nine years of litigation, the Supreme Court of the Netherlands fully satisfied the demands of Ukraine, represented by the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, to return priceless museum exhibits from the exhibition "Crimea - a Golden Island in the Black Sea". Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Minister of Foreign Trade of Costa Rica 8 June 2023 - 17:43 Ihor Zhovkva thanked for the important signals in support of Ukraine during participation of Manuel Tovar Rivera in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) ministerial meeting in Paris the day before, in particular for the Costa Rican government's strong condemnation of Russia's unprovoked war against Ukraine and the Russian attack on the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. The key strategic security goal of Ukraine and Europe is to prevent Russia from striking again – Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Rzeczpospolita 5 June 2023 - 20:37 To ensure the security of Ukraine and the whole of Europe, the world must unite and take steps to make Russia unable to strike again. A pause in the current war is unacceptable, as it may allow the aggressor to prepare, recover and start the war again. This was stated by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Polish daily Rzeczpospolita. Head of the Office of Ukraine's President had phone talk with US President's National Security Advisor as part of ongoing dialog with allies 3 June 2023 - 09:57 Yermak expressed gratitude to the United States for its leadership role in providing Ukraine with the weapons and capabilities it needs to combat Russian aggression, as well helping fulfill long term needs for the Ukrainian Air Force. Briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of the countries of the Global South on Ukraine's sanctions priorities held in the Office of the President 2 June 2023 - 08:54 First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Vladyslav Vlasiuk held a briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of the countries of the Global South on Ukraine's sanctions priorities. Russia kills and injures Ukrainian children, children's lives and destinies are broken or destroyed – Daria Herasymchuk 31 May 2023 - 13:58 Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk on the eve of Children's Day highlighted Russia's violations of children's fundamental rights. Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom took place in the Office of the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:21 The main topic of the conversation was strengthening Ukraine's defense capabilities and providing our country with effective security guarantees on its way to NATO membership. The relevant decisions are to be made at the NATO Summit in Vilnius in July this year. 1 2 ... 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine