13 captures 29 Mar 2024 - 15 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240329220724/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/maye-stati-obovyazkovo-spilnim-zavdannyam-shob-ekologichnih-89941 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It must become a joint task to ensure that environmental disasters no longer occur in our Europe – address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2024 - 19:27 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska at the meeting of the Barrier-Free Council: "Barrier-free means when it's convenient for everyone without exception" 29 March 2024 - 20:33 Andriy Yermak discussed the importance of conveying the truth about the war to the world, the need to support Ukraine with representatives of religious communities 29 March 2024 - 20:00 The President of Ukraine published a declaration of income and expenses for the year 2023 29 March 2024 - 19:48 It must become a joint task to ensure that environmental disasters no longer occur in our Europe – address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2024 - 19:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Sumy region 27 March 2024 - 10:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It must become a joint task to ensure that environmental disasters no longer occur in our Europe – address by the President of Ukraine 29 March 2024 - 19:26 I wish you all good health, dear Ukrainians! Today, I chaired the Staff Meeting, largely focusing on the aftermath of the Russian strikes last night and in recent weeks. The primary target for the enemy in this missile terror is our energy sector, various parts of our energy system. Calculatedly vicious Russian strikes, particularly targeting hydroelectric power. At the Staff Meeting, we discussed all aspects of protecting these facilities, both within Ukraine and with our partners. It's crucial not only for our state but also for our neighbors and the continent as a whole. There were strikes on the Dniester Power Plant, the Kaniv Power Plant, indicating Russia's intention to replicate the catastrophe they caused at the Kakhovka Power Plant. It must become a joint task – not only Ukraine's – to ensure that such environmental disasters no longer occur in our Europe. Besides Ukraine, Moldova is under direct threat. I am grateful to all partners who assist us in ensuring an adequate supply of air defense. This is extremely important. On the diplomatic front, we expend much effort not only to counter Russian influence but also to persuade partners to increase the supply of air defense systems and missiles to them. Of course, there is a lot of work being done in various regions regarding the physical protection of energy facilities. Today, we received reports from representatives of energy companies and government officials. The second issue discussed at the Staff Meeting was the supply of weapons and ammunition to the front, for our current and upcoming actions. We clearly understand what Russia is preparing for. They are obsessed with war – they won't stop themselves. And we are doing everything possible to ensure enough rebuffs. Today, I introduced the new Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council, Oleksandr Lytvynenko. One of his top priorities now is more coordination, more quality draft solutions – everything that will strengthen our state in defense against Russian ambitions and, indeed, our ability to counter hostile ambitions. Oleksii Danilov will continue his work on the diplomatic front, more specifically – I have approved his candidacy as the new Ambassador of our state to the Republic of Moldova. He discussed with me his vision for his future work for Ukraine. Moldova is an extremely important state for us – both from the point of view of security challenges in the region and our bilateral cooperation. And one more thing. Today, the petition regarding casinos, namely online gambling platforms, got the necessary number of signatures very quickly. It addresses the prevalence of such platforms and their impact on part of society. I tasked the chief of the Security Service of Ukraine, State Special Communications Service, Ministry of Digital Transformation, and the secretary of the National Security and Defense Council to compile all analytics on this matter for me, with a proposal for a solution by next week. And last. Today started early – at night, due to Russian missile strikes. I kept in contact with Air Force Commander Oleschuk and Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi, listening to extensive reports. Responses to the enemy will be extensive too. Glory to our strong nation! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine