7 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 19 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221127195851/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vidkrila-web-summit-2022-u-lisaboni-78869 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Never again should hunger be used as a weapon – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2022 - 20:06 View all videos n latest news We know what we are fighting for - Olena Zelenska in an interview for BBC 27 November 2022 - 12:03 Joint Statement following the inaugural International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:34 Grain from Ukraine initiative emphasizes global role of Ukraine and its partners in guaranteeing world food security – President following International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:28 Never again should hunger be used as a weapon – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2022 - 20:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska opened Web Summit 2022 in Lisbon 2 November 2022 - 13:13 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska became a special guest of Web Summit 2022 - the largest European technology conference, which takes place in Portugal every year and is dedicated to the topic of modern breakthrough technologies in the IT industry. The speech of the President’s wife on the main stage of the summit marked its opening. The First Lady told the participants about how Russia has put technology at the service of terror since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine. "On the Russian side, IT specialists are engaged to carry out terrorist attacks on Ukrainian cities. Previously, they worked in private IT companies. That's what I'm talking about: there's a frontline going through your sphere right now, too. The arena of struggle between evil and good. Between the aggressor and the ones who simply defend their home," she said. Unlike the aggressor, Ukraine wants to use all possible technologies to save people. Therefore, according to the First Lady, the state is strengthening cyber security, ensuring the stability of all digital systems of both the public and private sectors. Hence, those present at the summit can be extremely useful to our country in its technological resistance, the President's wife emphasized. She also spoke about the main areas of activity of her charitable foundation and how anyone, not only specialists in the IT sector, can contribute to the recovery of Ukraine. "I believe in technologies that save, not destroy. I believe that such technologies are the future. Because otherwise there is simply no future in the whole world. You are the powerful intellectual force that moves the world. The potential and technology that can help, not destroy are in your hands. And it is with Ukraine and right now that you can move the world in the right direction," Olena Zelenska emphasized. The First Lady added that technology should also be aimed at the recovery of people: what people have created should work for their benefit. "Every Ukrainian man and woman who feels the need for psychological support and improvement of their mental state should be able to receive such a service. It should be convenient and ubiquitous, even if it's a mobile app with self-help techniques. In general, spreading techniques for supporting yourself and others, in particular digitally, is one of the tasks of the National Mental Health Program, which we are currently working on in partnership with the World Health Organization," the President's wife said. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Portuguese Republic 4 November 2022 - 15:42 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Portuguese Republic 4 November 2022 - 15:42 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine