4 captures 29 Oct 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 29 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241029080138/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/irina-vereshuk-vidvidala-borodyanskij-centr-socialno-psiholo-93953 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Expect More Diplomatic Developments and New Support Packages for Ukraine in the Coming Week – Address by the President 27 October 2024 - 20:31 View all videos n latest news Victory Plan, Defense Support, and Winter Preparations: Outcomes of the Fourth Ukraine–Nordic Summit 29 October 2024 - 00:08 Joint Statement of the fourth Ukraine - Nordic Summit in Reykjavik 28 October 2024 - 21:42 President: When Ukraine Receives an Invitation to NATO, It Will Become an Unbreakable Defensive Wall Against Russia’s Imperial Ambitions 28 October 2024 - 21:02 Russian Threats of Escalation Should Not Undermine Our Resolve – Speech by the President at the Ukraine-Nordic Summit 28 October 2024 - 20:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Iryna Vereshchuk Visited the Borodyanka Center for Social and Psychological Rehabilitation 21 October 2024 - 13:13 During her working visit to the Kyiv region, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk visited the restored Borodyanka Center for Social and Psychological Rehabilitation. Iryna Vereshchuk met with the management of the Center and discussed the current needs of the institution, such as increasing the number of specialists who will provide assistance to veterans and their families. “Every day, our defenders who need help contact the Center. Each of them must receive full assistance, immediately and of high quality. First of all, it depends on the people who work here. Therefore, we will do everything possible to attract more specialists and expand the Center's capabilities for providing the support our veterans need,’ the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office said. The main topics of the meeting included continued institution development after full restoration, infrastructure improvement, and the Center's expansion. The Russian invaders destroyed the facility in March 2022, during the occupation of Borodyanka. In order to restore it, the Ministry of Veterans Affairs, with the support of the President of Ukraine, initiated the project “Reconstruction of the Borodyanka Center for Social and Psychological Rehabilitation.” The project provided not only for the reconstruction of the Center but also for the establishment of a modern complex on its basis. All work was completed this spring. The Center provides various types of assistance to veterans and their relatives, families of fallen defenders, as well as internally displaced persons and other affected Ukrainians. In particular, the institution provides social, psychological, sports, recreational and legal assistance. In addition, there is a space where educational events and training are held to help reintegrate veterans into civilian life. Since the beginning of the year, the Center has provided more than 10,000 services. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine