1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033139/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=100 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President met with Director General of the IAEA on the territory of the Dnipro HPP 27 March 2023 - 19:25 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Rafael Grossi observed the consequences of Russian missile strikes on this critical infrastructure facility, the buildings and energy equipment of which were significantly destroyed. President observed the course of elimination of the consequences of the Russian strike at Zaporizhzhia on March 22 27 March 2023 - 19:07 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the houses in Zaporizhzhia damaged as a result of Russian MLRS shelling on March 22 of this year. Ihor Zhovkva had a conversation with the State Secretary for International Affairs at the Office of the Prime Minister of Slovenia 27 March 2023 - 18:50 Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to the Slovenian side for consistent political support of Ukraine, practical help in countering Russian aggression and overcoming its consequences, willingness to participate in the reconstruction of destroyed Ukrainian cities and demining of territories. In Zaporizhzhia, the President visited a military hospital and presented awards to medics and wounded defenders 27 March 2023 - 16:14 The President spoke with the wounded servicemen and presented state awards to them. Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the work of the command post of the "Zaporizhzhia" operational group of troops and held a meeting on the situation in the region 27 March 2023 - 15:58 The President chaired a meeting with the military command and heads of law enforcement agencies of the Zaporizhzhia region. President visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian troops in the Zaporizhzhia region 27 March 2023 - 15:48 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military. Andriy Yermak discussed with Orlando Bloom the issue of increasing the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children 27 March 2023 - 12:05 "I am talking about the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia. We faced a situation where in the 21st century there is no mechanism in the world - no organization - that would know how or be able to overcome this problem," Andriy Yermak said. President held a meeting with the British actor, UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Orlando Bloom 27 March 2023 - 01:06 As a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador, Orlando Bloom will support humanitarian aid and infrastructure reconstruction projects aimed at ensuring the interests of Ukrainian children. You can't be mentally far from the war, support our warriors whenever possible - address by the President of Ukraine 26 March 2023 - 23:55 It is wrong, it is unfair, when our warriors who come from the front have the feeling that for many in the rear, the war is allegedly already over. It is the full-scale defeat of Russia that will be a reliable guarantee against new aggressions and crises – address of the President of Ukraine 25 March 2023 - 21:41 Step by step, we are doing everything possible and everywhere so that Russian revanchism loses in every element of its aggression against Ukraine and the freedom of nations in general. 1 2 ... 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine