1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051922/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=62 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson discussed Euro-Atlantic integration and development of strategic partnership between Ukraine and Great Britain 14 June 2021 - 13:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson. The conversation took place after the G7 summit held on June 11-13 under the presidency of the United Kingdom, and on the eve of the NATO summit, which begins today. President commends the unwavering support for Ukraine from G7 leaders 13 June 2021 - 22:33 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy commends the support for Ukraine's independence and sovereignty, as well as for the important reforms in our country, as expressed in the final communiqué of the G7 leaders’ summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Danish Prime Minister discussed the security situation in Donbas, Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic aspirations and the supply of vaccines 11 June 2021 - 18:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Denmark Mette Frederiksen. President had a phone conversation with the Secretary General of NATO 10 June 2021 - 19:50 The Head of State expressed hope that during the NATO summit on June 14 the issues of Russian aggression and effective steps to deter it would be considered. He stressed the importance for Ukraine of reaffirming the Alliance's "open door" policy and the validity of the decision of the 2008 NATO Bucharest Summit on MAP for our country in the decisions of this year's NATO summit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Italy 10 June 2021 - 17:20 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of the Italian Republic Luigi Di Maio who is on an official visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the frontline: I am inspired by the heroism of our military 9 June 2021 - 18:11 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline of defense, where the enemy shelling has been taking place recently. The Ukrainian positions visited by the Head of State are located 700 meters from the enemy. President is on a working trip to the Donetsk region 9 June 2021 - 11:35 The Head of State will visit the frontline positions of the Ukrainian military in the area of the Joint Forces Operation and talk to the soldiers serving on the frontline. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Justin Trudeau discussed joint steps to deepen Ukraine-Canada partnership 9 June 2021 - 09:39 The parties coordinated positions on key issues on the agenda on the eve of the forthcoming G7 and NATO summits. During a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, the President offered to achieve a common goal - one new park in each community 8 June 2021 - 21:37 An important function of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine should be to balance different views on regional development. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting of the Chamber of Regions of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President, which took place in Dnipro. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a museum in Dnipro dedicated to the feat of the defenders of Ukraine 8 June 2021 - 20:46 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched the expositions of the museum "Civil Feat of the Dnipropetrovsk Region in the Events of ATO/JFO" in the city of Dnipro. 1 2 ... 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine