5 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 03 Oct 2023 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202051121/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-stala-pochesnoyu-gosteyu-forumu-pershih-ledi-79365 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska became the honored guest at the Forum of the First Ladies of the Commonwealth Caribbean 23 November 2022 - 15:59 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska became the honored guest of the Forum of the First Ladies and the Wives of the Heads of Government of the Commonwealth Caribbean (Spouses of CARICOM Leaders Action Network, SCLAN, headed by wife of the Prime Minister of Belize Rossana Maria Briceño). Olena Zelenska proposed joint projects to the participants within the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. In an online speech, she expressed her condolences over the natural disasters, including Hurricane Lisa, which caused widespread destruction in the Caribbean region. The First Lady noted that Ukrainians also know what it is like to be left without housing and communications, yet not because of natural disasters, but because of the Russian invasion. "But different cataclysms - war or natural disaster - have something in common. They throw the country back in development, bringing survival to the foreground instead. In such conditions, the role of the first lady is much more than just the role of the President's wife. My experience says: we as first ladies can do a lot for the well-being of people in our countries, especially if we join forces," Olena Zelenska emphasized. She invited her colleagues to join the international community initiated by her - the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. The second Summit, entitled "Ukraine and the world: the future we (re)build together" despite the war, took place in the Ukrainian capital on July 23. It was devoted to the post-war reconstruction of the country. "This is not only our war. It affected and affects the whole world. Unfortunately, you feel it in your region as well. Yes, the war waged by Russia against Ukraine provoked a food crisis. The aggressor's blockade of Ukrainian seaports endangered the food security of millions of people in various countries in Asia, Africa, and Latin America. But it is important not to confuse causes and effects. If Russia had not carried out its invasion attack, this would not have happened. By attacking Ukraine, it challenged the whole world. That's why we need joint actions," Olena Zelenska commented. She said that by the decision of the participants of the summit, it is turning into a platform that will operate constantly for the implementation of joint projects at any time, and called on colleagues to participate. "Already at the end of winter, I am planning to start preparing for the next event, which will take place in the summer of 2023. In today's world, everything is very close and borders are more fragile than they seem, because we live in common processes. Therefore, we are stronger only together," the First Lady summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine