8 captures 14 May 2022 - 14 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220514054310/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pospilkuvalasya-z-pershimi-ledi-polshi-litvi-75041 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To work every day to make the war shorter - this is our priority - address by the President of Ukraine 13 May 2022 - 23:13 View all videos n latest news To work every day to make the war shorter - this is our priority - address by the President of Ukraine 13 May 2022 - 23:08 Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:02 Ukrainians have shown that you can have no fear and fight with one of the largest armies in the world - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2022 - 16:47 President of Ukraine: If Russia wants peace, it must withdraw its troops from our land 13 May 2022 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the President to the Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery in Kyiv 12 May 2022 - 17:06 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:02 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke via video call with the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda, Lithuania - Diana Nausėdienė, France - Brigitte Macron. She thanked the wives of the presidents for the warm welcome of Ukrainian citizens, the opportunity given to Ukrainians to receive medical and educational services on an equal footing with the citizens of their countries. There are currently 2.5 million temporary migrants from Ukraine in Poland, more than 50,000 in Lithuania, and more than 70,000 in France. The First Lady of Ukraine also thanked Poland and France for receiving Ukrainian children with oncology for treatment in the framework of the international evacuation initiative "Flights of Life". From March 2022, thanks to an agreement between the First Ladies, the leadership and ministries of health, as well as the cooperation of volunteer and medical organizations, children with cancer are first brought to Lviv, to the Western Ukrainian Specialized Children's Medical Center. Then, accompanied by medical teams, they and their relatives are taken to Poland, to a specially created Unicorn clinic. There, patients are assigned to Poland or other European countries for permanent treatment. Hundreds of children with oncology are currently receiving care in the Republic of Poland, and 45 patients have been transported by plane to France. "Flights of Life" will be continued, said the First Ladies. In addition, Olena Zelenska discussed with the wife of the President of Lithuania Diana Nausėdienė a new joint project - the newly established Ukrainian Center in Vilnius, which will become the center of cultural, social and educational life of Ukrainians in the Republic of Lithuania. "We planned to develop it in such a way as to cover both language courses and psychological assistance, so that the center becomes the Ukrainian heart of Lithuania - a place for conferences, meetings, helping Ukrainians and Ukraine to integrate. By the way, the Ukrainian Center is now the official name, we agreed on it during the video chat," Olena Zelenska said. She offered her colleagues new projects for cooperation. In particular, the national program of psychological assistance. "It is aimed at supporting children and their parents, people with disabilities, the elderly, combatants and their families. Last week, during a meeting with US First Lady Jill Biden in Uzhhorod, we talked about this project and came up with the idea of ​​involving other First Ladies in other countries to address psychological/mental health issues. Creating a system of psychological assistance in Ukraine, we will use the best world experience. The pain of war must be lived through, so that we have the strength to go further and accept life, so that the nation can build the future," said Olena Zelenska. The First Ladies also discussed the project "Books without Borders" to provide displaced children with publications in the Ukrainian language. To do this, Ukrainian publishers provide book layouts, and local publishers print them. In Poland, First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda agreed to take such a project under her patronage. In addition, the parties discussed a project to organize summer holidays for children of Ukrainian immigrants in Lithuania and France. "When we created the club of the world's first ladies and gentlemen in Kyiv last year, no one expected the tragic circumstances under which its powerful force would be needed. And now every "how are you?" from my colleagues heals Ukrainian wounds literally! The friendship that is formed in such conditions will be the strongest. Thank you, friends. I'm waiting for us to be able to hug in a personal meeting," Olena Zelenska summed up. ph First Lady Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:44 ph First Lady Olena Zelenska talked to the First Ladies of Poland, Lithuania and France 13 May 2022 - 20:44 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine