7 captures 01 May 2023 - 17 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230501051229/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-z-korolem-charlzom-iii-i-korolevoyu-konsortom-82497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:33 View all videos n latest news The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:31 President of Ukraine had a conversation with President of France 30 April 2023 - 16:01 President on the Day of Border Guards: Heroism, reliability and resilience of border guard troops will make a powerful contribution to the restoration of the state border of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 15:09 Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska, King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla took part in the proclamation of the UK-Ukraine library twinning 26 April 2023 - 20:07 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with King Charles III and Queen Consort Camilla, took part in the ceremony of proclamation of the UK-Ukraine library twinning. The event brought together Liverpool Central Library and Mykhailo Hrushevsky Odesa Scientific Library. The President's wife joined the ceremony via video call from Kyiv, along with Minister of Culture and Information Policy Oleksandr Tkachenko. The Mykhailo Hrushevsky Odesa Scientific Library is one of the largest and oldest libraries in Odesa and the south of Ukraine. The starting point of its history is 1875, when the library was established under the Odesa society for mutual aid of Jewish clerks. The library's collection includes more than 1.5 million copies, including 50,000 foreign-language publications and 30,000 rare and valuable publications of the VIII-XIX centuries. Olena Zelenska thanked Their Majesties and the United Kingdom for their support of Ukraine, particularly in the field of culture: "I would like to say that this expression of solidarity means a lot to us, to Ukraine. Since the beginning of the war, we have lost more than 300 libraries. Libraries in Ukraine, like people, are in danger every day. But at the same time, they have become something more: on particularly difficult winter days, when there was no electricity or heat due to shelling, libraries became real humanitarian and volunteer hubs, places where people could be together and feel warm in the broadest sense of the word. We protect our culture, and it supports us," the First Lady said. The President's wife reminded that the Odesa Library had already had to be rebuilt after its destruction. During World War II, most of the institution was destroyed by Nazi bombing. Now the library helps Ukrainians survive the fight against another attacker. "Ukraine is now fighting to ensure that libraries are not destroyed, books are not burned and people are not killed anywhere in the world. We want wars to remain only in historical works, and we want every person in the world to be able to read and develop in peace, without the threat of attack and the need to fight for survival," Olena Zelenska emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine