8 captures 15 Dec 2022 - 15 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022837/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/narod-ukrayini-ta-prezident-volodimir-zelenskij-stali-laurea-79865 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The people of Ukraine and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy became laureates of the Sakharov Prize 14 December 2022 - 17:25 The brave people of Ukraine represented by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, chosen leaders and civil society received the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought, which is the highest award of the European Union for achievements in human rights activities. The award was presented during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Strasbourg. The President of Ukraine took part in the ceremony online. The Head of State greeted those present on behalf of the Ukrainian people - all those who fight and work for the sake of Ukraine and freedom. “For the sake of everything without which it is impossible to imagine all of us, life, Europe. Impossible to imagine without Ukraine and without freedom. And not only because it will simply be untrue. But also because any attempt to deprive Europe of Ukraine and freedom is always a crime,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President noted that Russia is committing this crime against Ukraine and Europe right now. He expressed his belief that Ukrainians and all Europeans will win this fight so that there will never be another attempt to deprive Europe and Ukraine of their freedom. At the same time, as the Head of State noted, it is necessary to act now, without waiting for the end of the war, to hold to account all those who started it, and to prevent the recurrence of aggression. “This will be the most effective protection of freedom, human rights, the rule of law and other common values of ours, which are embodied, in particular, by this award of the European Parliament - the Sakharov Prize,” the President emphasized. He thanked everyone who helps investigate the crimes of the occupiers in our country, who is looking for information about Russian murderers and terrorists, as well as the International Criminal Court, which has a clear intention to ensure justice for what the occupiers committed on the territory of our country. “I am grateful to all the leaders and states, all the politicians and international organizations who are working together with us and are making every possible effort to create a tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. I call on all of you, your parties and states to effectively support this work! The tribunal must start working,” he emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also called on MEPs to support recognition of the Holodomor crime against the Ukrainian people as genocide. “Europe should give the strongest possible signal that there will not be a single gap left in the history of tragedies on our continent, in the history of crimes against humanity and humanness committed on our land. I believe that it will be so!” the President said. The Head of State thanked the European Parliament for its support and honoring the Ukrainian struggle with this award. Volodymyr Zelenskyy personally thanked President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola who announced the people of Ukraine as the laureate of this year's Sakharov Prize. “I thank you personally, Roberta, for supporting us - you came to Kyiv in a difficult, dangerous time, for supporting our reforms, our movement into European structures, and for really helping. Thank you,” he noted. For her part, Roberta Metsola noted that it was a great honor for her to congratulate this year's laureates of the Sakharov Prize, which is the most prestigious award for freedom of thought. "This year, the award is presented to the Ukrainian nation, the Ukrainian President and all the people of Ukraine, who paid such a huge price for freedom," she emphasized. The President of the European Parliament noted that today is the 293rd day since the start of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, and Europeans are proud of the bravery of Ukrainians who demonstrate resilience every day both on the battlefield and during the aggressor's attacks on civilians. Roberta Metsola assured of the continued support for the Ukrainian people in the war for common values, because everyone, including Ukrainians, has the right to live according to the principles of democracy and freedom. "Ukrainian women sang at metro stations during the bombings. We will not stand aside. We will support you in your war for our common values," the President of the European Parliament emphasized. The Sakharov Prize is named after the Soviet scientist, dissident, Nobel Peace Prize laureate Andriy Sakharov (1921-1989). It has been awarded annually since 1988 by the European Parliament for outstanding achievements in such areas as the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to free expression, the protection of minority rights and respect for international law, as well as the development of democracy and the implementation of the rule of law. In particular, the laureates of the prize this year were: the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, mayor of Melitopol Ivan Fedorov, founder of the evacuation medical unit "Angels of Taira" Yulia Paevska, human rights defender, activist, winner of the Nobel Peace Prize Oleksandra Matviychuk, representatives of the "Yellow Ribbon" resistance movement. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine