121 captures 03 Sep 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230903193740/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ocholiti-ministerstvo-oboroni-ukrayini-maye-rustem-umyerov-z-85353 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Rustem Umerov should head the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 September 2023 - 22:03 View all videos n latest news Rustem Umerov should head the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 September 2023 - 22:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed defense support and the start of negotiations within the Joint Declaration on security guarantees 3 September 2023 - 17:00 This Saturday, three cities that are indispensable part of Ukraine celebrating their day – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 September 2023 - 20:57 Head of President's Office had a telephone conversation with US President's national security advisor 2 September 2023 - 08:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President took part in the events on the Day of Knowledge and the presentation of the Mriia project 1 September 2023 - 15:49 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Rustem Umerov should head the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 September 2023 - 22:02 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! At the end of the week, I would like to say a few things. First, Ukraine has become stronger. We have new agreements with our partners on defense packages. And, by the way, today in a conversation with French President Macron, we discussed what new supplies can help our warriors. We discussed the protection of our Odesa region - what France can do to protect Odesa and the region. And there is a very important agreement on training our pilots in France - our coalition of modern fighters is getting more powerful. There are significant things that we are doing in Ukraine to protect us every week more and more intensively. This includes our weapons - from artillery and shells to drones and missiles... This also applies to our unity. In particular, unity in rejecting everything and everyone that weakens Ukraine. Secondly, we are constantly proving that we can do things together that seem fantastic to the rest of the world, but work in reality when Ukrainians take them on. Four ships have already passed through our new, alternative sea corridor from our southern seaports. And we are working with our partners around the world to restore the normal operation of the Grain Corridor, which has ensured and should ensure food security on a global scale. I thank everyone who is helping with this. Third, Ukraine has to achieve several very specific results in the coming months. In particular, it is our strategic political goal to launch membership negotiations with the European Union. Ukraine has seven specific recommendations from the European Commission. We have already implemented some of them. The other part requires effective work of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine. Timely work, which we have agreed with the European Commission. The law on the restoration of electronic declaration, amendments to the law on national minorities, and, I would like to draw special attention to it, the law on PEPs - politically exposed persons. Each of these laws is of fundamental importance. And voting on them will be of fundamental importance. People will see who is worth what. And I urge Ukrainian MPs not to postpone these decisions, not to let Ukraine down, and to support our European integration. One more thing is very important. This week, the Parliament will be offered to make a personnel decision. I want to outline it now. I have decided to replace the Minister of Defense of Ukraine. Oleksiy Reznikov has gone through more than 550 days of full-scale war. I believe that the Ministry needs new approaches and other formats of interaction with both the military and society at large. Now Rustem Umerov should lead the Ministry. The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine knows this person well, and Mr. Umerov does not need any additional introductions. I expect the Parliament to support this candidate. Autumn is a time for strengthening. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine