7 captures 18 Jun 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 May JUN Jul 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230618214737/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-nash-voyin-kozhen-novij-krok-kozhen-metr-zvilnenoyi-v-83653 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our troops are advancing, step by step we are moving forward - address by the President of Ukraine 18 June 2023 - 22:40 View all videos n latest news Our troops are advancing, step by step we are moving forward - address by the President of Ukraine 18 June 2023 - 22:31 I would like to thank all partners who this week took new steps in supporting our state and people – address of President of Ukraine 17 June 2023 - 21:58 Olena Zelenska Foundation implements project to provide teachers with laptops for distance learning 17 June 2023 - 16:27 Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 Dear Ukrainians, dear Ukrainian women! Today was a long day. With many events, and a lot of news. Meeting in a special format – Ukraine and African countries. Long discussions... The Peace Formula, security issues, grain, our joint capabilities to protect the principles and goals of the UN Charter, to protect nations from aggression. I called on the leaders and states of Africa to participate in the Global Peace Summit we are preparing. Ukraine will be heard all over the world, and we will involve the whole world in the implementation of the Peace Formula. It is not easy, but we are working. Today was also the graduation from the National Defense University of Ukraine. I had the honor to congratulate our officers. I was very pleased to do it. I am especially grateful to our air defense forces – everyone who defends the Ukrainian sky. The downing of Russian missiles today, including six ballistic missiles, is very important and symbolic. No one can be intimidated by Russia. And there was another event today, another point in my schedule that has not yet been announced. This is the War Cabinet. Our commanders – generals Syrsky, Tarnavsky, Zaluzhny, Shaptala. And our commanders in specific directions of active actions - I won't say their names yet, everything in its own time. Our advancement is the most important thing. Each of our soldiers, each of our new steps, and each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing. And there was Budanov... Separate steps. I'm thankful to everyone who is now fighting for Ukraine! I'm thankful to everyone who is preparing to enter the battle! And I'm thankful to everyone who helps us so much, potently! Glory to Ukraine! We will defeat everyone! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine