6 captures 19 Jun 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240619213658/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-rezultati-globalnogo-samitu-miru-z-r-91661 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing Decisions that Will Ensure a More Reliable Passage of the Heating Season — the Address by the President of Ukraine 19 June 2024 - 19:08 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing Decisions that Will Ensure a More Reliable Passage of the Heating Season — the Address by the President of Ukraine 19 June 2024 - 19:06 Andriy Yermak Discussed the Outcomes of the Global Peace Summit with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 19 June 2024 - 18:42 President of Ukraine Met with the Marshal of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland 19 June 2024 - 14:56 Ukraine and the EU Finalize the Text of Security Commitments 19 June 2024 - 13:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Discussed the Outcomes of the Global Peace Summit with the National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 19 June 2024 - 18:42 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Ajit Kumar Doval. Andriy Yermak expressed his gratitude for India's participation in the Global Peace Summit in Switzerland. The parties discussed the next steps of cooperation regarding the engagement of new countries to sign the Joint Communiqué on a Peace Framework adopted at the Summit. "We really hope that India will become a part of this communiqué, because it is very important," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Ajit Kumar Doval noted that India is committed to peace and will thoroughly study the document, supported by the majority of the Summit participants. Other topics of conversation included strengthening cooperation between the two countries, particularly in the economic sphere. The Head of the Presidential Office invited the Advisor to the Prime Minister of India to pay a visit to Ukraine. Ajit Kumar Doval said that he would consider the possibility. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine