7 captures 19 Dec 2023 - 10 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 19 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231219124204/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-u-ssha-87549 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos "Diia" will become one of the service providers of the reconstruction of Ukraine – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at Diia Summit 2023 19 December 2023 - 13:44 View all videos n latest news "Diia" will become one of the service providers of the reconstruction of Ukraine – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech at Diia Summit 2023 19 December 2023 - 13:43 Andrii Sybiha met with Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom to the United Nations Barbara Woodward 18 December 2023 - 22:31 From the first days of January, we will start steering the new year towards further support for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 December 2023 - 22:01 Andriy Yermak met with representatives of the U.S. Department of State 18 December 2023 - 20:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's participation in Diia Summit 2023 19 December 2023 - 13:45 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with Jake Sullivan in the United States 6 December 2023 - 23:24 As part of the visit to the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, together with Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov, met with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. The meeting was also attended by Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States Oksana Markarova and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Daria Zarivna. The parties discussed the situation at the front and the urgent needs of the defense forces, in particular in terms of artillery, long-range missiles, and armored vehicles. Additionally, during the cold period, there is an urgent need to enhance Ukraine's air defense to protect civilian infrastructure and the "grain corridor" in the Black Sea from attacks by Russian missiles and drones. Andriy Yermak thanked the United States for organizing the USA – Ukraine Defense Industrial Base Conference, which is taking place on December 5-6 in Washington, DC. "This is a crucial event. This conference will serve as a starting point for initiating active bilateral military-technical cooperation," noted the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine. The Ukrainian delegation also emphasized the importance of the U.S. Congress adopting initiatives to support Ukraine, which will guarantee Ukraine's stability and bring the victory over the Russian aggressor closer. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan also touched upon the implementation of the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and discussed preparations for the first Global Peace Summit. Andriy Yermak, Ruslan Stefanchuk and Rustem Umerov expressed gratitude to the entire team of U.S. President Joseph Biden and the American people for supporting our country in the fight for freedom and independence. ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine