44 captures 10 Mar 2022 - 10 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220310224140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-robit-use-shob-dopomogti-mariupolyu-zvernennya-prez-73485 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The state is doing everything to help Mariupol - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 March 2022 - 00:13 View all videos n latest news The state is doing everything to help Mariupol - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 March 2022 - 00:09 For every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion, a reconstruction program will be created - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:16 Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:08 Humanitarian corridors for evacuation of people were opened in the Sumy, Kharkiv, Donetsk and Kyiv regions - Iryna Vereshchuk 10 March 2022 - 10:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery “Free Sky” artistic action in support of the call of the nation and the President of Ukraine to the world leaders as regards closing the sky 9 March 2022 - 14:44 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The state is doing everything to help Mariupol - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 March 2022 - 00:09 Ukrainians! One of the main tasks for us today was the organization of humanitarian corridors. Sumy, Trostyanets, Krasnopillya, Irpin, Bucha, Hostomel, Izyum. Almost 40,000 people have already been evacuated this day. They were given safety at last. In Poltava, Kyiv, Cherkasy, Zaporizhzhia, Dnipro, Lviv. Humanitarian cargoes were also delivered. Hundreds of tons of food, medicine. We are doing everything to save our people in the cities that the enemy just wants to destroy. Taking into account the work of humanitarian corridors in the previous two days, we have already evacuated about one hundred thousand people. But… Mariupol and Volnovakha remain completely blocked. Although we did everything necessary to make the humanitarian corridor work, Russian troops did not cease fire. Despite this, I decided to send a convoy of trucks to Mariupol anyway. With food, water, medicine. I am grateful to the drivers - brave people who were ready to fulfill this mission. An extremely important mission. But the invaders started a tank attack exactly in the area where this corridor was supposed to be. Corridor of life. For the people of Mariupol. They did it consciously. They knew what they were disrupting. They have a clear order to hold Mariupol hostage, to torture it, to carry out constant bombardment. Today they destroyed the building of the main department of the State Emergency Service in the Donetsk region. Right next to this building was the place where Mariupol residents were to gather for evacuation. This is outright terror. Blatant terror. From experienced terrorists. The world needs to know that. It has to admit it. We are all dealing with a terrorist state. But no matter what, we will try! Constantly! We will continue to try to bring to Mariupol the aid that people so desperately need. Ukrainians need. The invaders are doing everything to deceive our people in the besieged cities. They block communication. Prevent the provision of Information. The state is doing everything to help our city. Everything to tell the people of Mariupol: we are fighting. And we will not give up this fight. Therefore, if you have the opportunity to talk to the people of Mariupol, to write to the people of Mariupol, spread the truth. Remind them that Ukraine is with them wholeheartedly and is doing everything to stop the torture of the city. Russian propagandists have substantially intensified their activity today. And they tried very hard. Probably in order to cover up the crimes of their army in Ukraine. Crimes against Mariupol. Against Donbas. Against Kharkiv. Against dozens of other cities. Cover them up with new accusations. New-old fakes. They accuse us... Again us! That we are allegedly developing biological weapons. Allegedly, we are preparing a chemical attack. This makes me really worried, because we’ve been repeatedly convinced: if you want to know Russia's plans, look at what Russia accuses others of. Look, spreading such accusations in the Russian media shows that it is THEY who are capable of this. The Russian military, the Russian special services. It shows that they want it. They have already done such things in other countries. Similar! They themselves announced, they themselves organized, they themselves complained. And they will do so again. Again and again. If they are not stopped. They tore apart Moldova with Transnistria. They tore apart Georgia with Abkhazia. They tore apart Ukraine with Donbas and Crimea. But they blame us! Those who have become victims. Those who are forced to defend themselves. Fight for the right to live. They themselves come to us in tanks and with missiles. They take something that doesn’t belong to them. Capture. They are even ashamed to show their officers! They hide their generals. They conceal from their own people that they are sending conscripts to this war only to make the invasion forces larger. But we are to blame! We are accused of attacks on allegedly peaceful Russia. And now what? What are these allegations of preparing chemical attacks? Have you decided to carry out "de-chemicalization" of Ukraine? Using ammonia? Using phosphorus? What else have you prepared for us? Where will you strike with chemical weapons? At the maternity hospital in Mariupol? At the church in Kharkiv? At the Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital? Or at laboratories, most of which have remained since Soviet times and are engaged in ordinary science. Ordinary! NOT military technology. We are adequate people. I am the President of an adequate country, an adequate nation. And the father of two children. And no chemical or any other weapons of mass destruction were developed on my land. The whole world knows that. YOU know that. And if YOU do something like that against US, you will get the most severe sanctions response. Ukrainians! Our defenders! I have signed several important decrees. About awarding the title of Hero of Ukraine to thirteen of our defenders: Lieutenant Colonel Litun Andriy Mykolayovych. Posthumously. He died covering our troops and heroically restraining the enemy's offensive. Captain Korpan Oleksandr Bohdanovych. Posthumously. He saved our soldiers and civilian houses when he took the falling aircraft away from them. Junior Lieutenant Blokha Yuriy Ihorovych. Posthumously. In the battles in the Mykolaiv region he heroically protected brothers-in-arms, saving their lives. Senior Sergeant Ivashko Andriy Oleksandrovych. Posthumously. During the rocket fire, he personally provided information about the enemy's actions at the cost of his own life. Junior Sergeant Volkov Yevhen Volodymyrovych. Posthumously. For courage and heroism during the evacuation of the wounded in the Donetsk region, for saving our military. Major General Nikoliuk Viktor Dmytrovych. He skillfully led the defense in the north-eastern direction and managed to prevent the capture of Chernihiv. Colonel Khoda Leonid Oleksiyovych. During the war, under his command, more than 50 enemy vehicles were destroyed. Lieutenant Colonel Ponomarenko Vyacheslav Anatoliyovych. Thanks to his actions, a significant number of enemy’s equipment and soldiers in the city of Hostomel were destroyed. Lieutenant Colonel Yakovenko Oleksandr Oleksiyovych. He withdrew his units from the enemy artillery fire, thanks to which he saved personnel and continued to successfully defend the Donetsk region. Major Bova Yevhen Petrovych. For the heroic defense of Mariupol and holding positions under constant enemy attacks. Captain Boyechko Vasyl Vasyliovych. For the extremely successful destruction of enemy equipment and manpower. Sergeant Moroz Oleh Romanovych. Thanks to his heroic deeds, the enemy's offensive in the Luhansk region was stopped. Sailor Samofalov Valeriy Mykhailovych. In one battle, for the first time in the history of this war, he shot down three enemy helicopters. I also signed a decree awarding orders for personal courage to 39 national guardsmen, 31 policemen (9 posthumously), 14 border guards (4 posthumously) and 23 employees of the State Emergency Service. Today the rank of Brigadier General is awarded to: Nechayev Oleh Oleksandrovych. For the successful defense of the Kyiv region. Lishchynsky Vladyslav Vatslavovych. For extremely successful actions against the enemy in the Kherson region. Hutsol Volodymyr Volodymyrych. For the successful destruction of enemy airborne troops in Vasylkiv. Demyanchyk Hryhoriy Petrovych. For the successful organization of personnel training for our military units. And finally. Discussions on Ukraine's future in the EU continue today and tomorrow in Europe. I believe that our people, our state, our army did everything for us to be welcome there. As equals. For us to be invited there. This is the final exam for Europe. Among the leaders of the states there are those who support us. And there are also those who support only themselves. But we see how the nations of all European countries treat us. And this is the main thing. Because I know for sure - if people decided on our membership in the EU, they would definitely choose the people of Ukraine. Today, when I see the support of the people of each country in the squares of European capitals, I know that the Ukrainian people are already in the European Union. And politicians... I'm sure they will adjust to that. Preferably faster. Glory to the nations of Europe! Glory to Ukraine! Glory to our military! Thank you! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine