26 captures 28 Mar 2023 - 11 Nov 2025 Feb MAR Apr 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230328215514/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyu-vsim-hto-nagaduye-sho-rosijska-agresiya-mozhe-zakinc-81901 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:17 View all videos n latest news I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:12 Ihor Zhovkva: Start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU is an investment in the secure future of Europe 28 March 2023 - 20:12 President held a coordination meeting regarding the security situation, reinforcement and protection of the state border in the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 16:44 In the Sumy region, the President checked the readiness of border units to take action to protect the state border 28 March 2023 - 16:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:12 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! I have returned from our Sumy region. Today I was in Okhtyrka, Trostyanets, Sumy, in the positions of our border guards. The impressions are special. The region is next to the enemy. The threat is constant. The shelling of our border is constant. But life, our people are obviously stronger than any fears. Recovery continues, business is gradually returning, and people are rebuilding their lives. I had the honor to present a special title of the hero city to Okhtyrka. A city that helped save eastern and central Ukraine with its resistance. I congratulated Trostyanets on the anniversary of liberation from the occupier. I held a meeting with representatives of local authorities in the Sumy and Chernihiv regions. There are issues that need to be resolved. They will be resolved. I held a meeting with the commanders directly responsible for the defense of the Sumy and Chernihiv regions. I also had a special conversation with the Head of the Border Guard Service. We talked about the defense of Sumy and our other regions, about strengthening the border guards who, together with all the defense forces, are fighting on the frontline. By the way, today I would like to celebrate our warriors of the Luhansk, Kramatorsk and Donetsk border guard detachments who are effectively destroying the enemy in the Bakhmut, Lyman and Avdiivka directions. Thank you guys! I would like to express special gratitude to the mortar crews and aerial reconnaissance of our border guard units in the Donetsk sector. Well done, warriors! Of course, I thank the Sumy border guard detachment. I paid a visit to them today, had the honor to talk to them and support them. Strong positions along the entire border with the terrorist state are a consequence of the strength of our people who are ready to defend the border at any time. Today we have a decision of the French Parliament, which recognized the Holodomor as genocide of the Ukrainian people. I am grateful for this principled and fair step, for spreading the historical truth to another European country. And one more thing. Today I want to thank each and every one who, at the call of heart, in different countries, on different platforms, in different words, but equally honestly and strongly reminds the world that Russian aggression can end much faster than is sometimes said. Faster, if the world is faster, if the world is more determined. The destroyed Ukrainian cities and villages along the border of the terrorist state, Russia's constant blackmail and threats to destroy lives in other countries as well, the constant refusal to return to real peace and the mockery of basic international norms are all sufficient reasons to put pressure and fight, to not seek compromise and to care about the values of the world in a real way… In a real way! Achieving the result for freedom every day. Achieving the result for peace every day. Forcing Russia to suffer losses every day. I thank everyone who helps Ukraine! Glory to all who are now in the battle against terror! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine