1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052721/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=31 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine met with the Emir of the State of Qatar in Glasgow 1 November 2021 - 15:11 On the sidelines of the COP 26 UN Climate Change Conference in Glasgow (Great Britain), President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Emir of the State of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed energy security with the President of Moldova 30 October 2021 - 22:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Moldova Maia Sandu. The main topic was energy security. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the renovated ER department of the Izmail Hospital 30 October 2021 - 14:26 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the renovated ER department of the Izmail City Central Hospital, the reconstruction of which took place in the framework of the Large Construction National Program. Large Construction: President observed the newly built sports palace in Izmail 30 October 2021 - 14:13 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Izmail Sports Palace, the construction of which lasted nine years and was completed due to the inclusion of the facility in the Large Construction National Program. President visited the Odesa National Art Museum and got acquainted with the plan for its restoration 29 October 2021 - 21:35 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Odesa National Art Museum, which will be restored as part of the Large Construction National Program. At the request of the President, a strategy for the development of the city of Odesa is being elaborated 29 October 2021 - 20:46 At the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities with the participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on a working trip to the Odesa region, proposals for the integrated development of the Odesa region were presented, including a draft development strategy for the city of Odesa. President observed the Noosphere icebreaker that the state had purchased for Ukrainian polar explorers 29 October 2021 - 18:04 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the Noosphere research icebreaker purchased at the expense of the state, which will provide logistics for the Ukrainian Vernadsky Research Base. Ukraine uses weapons only to protect its territory and does not violate any agreements - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 October 2021 - 17:21 The Armed Forces of Ukraine use the weapons available to them only to protect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the state and only in response to the violation of the regime of silence in Donbas by the enemy. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Odesa. In Odesa, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities discussing the start of the heating season and the development of Ukrainian ports 29 October 2021 - 17:06 The Head of State stressed the importance of keeping gas tariffs for people at last year's level, on which a memorandum was signed between the government, Naftogaz of Ukraine and local authorities. President at a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Odesa: Vaccination is necessary - this is the only solution for today 29 October 2021 - 15:36 During a working trip to the Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities discussing in detail the issue of combating the spread of COVID-19. 1 2 ... 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine