5 captures 24 Feb 2024 - 11 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240224072647/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-12-2022&date-to=09-12-2023&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracies should not withdraw from the historical process of protecting all the values that have shaped our modern world – address by the President of Ukraine 23 February 2024 - 17:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 23 February 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – As part of the visit to the U.S., Andriy Yermak and Ruslan Stefanchuk met with the committee chairs of the House of Representatives and members of the Congressional Ukraine Caucus 6 December 2023 - 10:01 Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to the participants for preparing a strategically important document outlining a clear set of steps by the United States for our country’s resistance to Russia: “Proposals for Ukraine's Victory Plan.” Among its priorities are the timely provision of arms to Ukraine in the proper quantity, strengthening sanctions and export controls over Russia, increased pressure on the G7 and the EU to transfer Russia's frozen sovereign assets to Ukraine, and a range of other critical measures. On Ukraine's Armed Forces Day, the President honored the memory of the fallen warriors 6 December 2023 - 09:33 The Head of State laid flowers at the Wall of Remembrance of the fallen defenders of Ukraine near St. Michael's Golden-Domed Cathedral in Kyiv. Address by the President on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 December 2023 - 09:16 I congratulate all of you on your professional holiday. Today there is only one expression – "well done". There is only one emotion – gratitude. And there is only one wish – victory. Today, a Russian aircraft attempting to strike Odesa region was shot down near Zmiinyi Island – address by the President of Ukraine 5 December 2023 - 21:58 We will continue to "subtract" the terrorists. We are strengthening our air defense, particularly in Odesa region. Gradually. Yet tangibly. I thank every country that helps. Implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will become a foundation that will enable us to stop tyranny in the world in the future – Andriy Yermak during his speech at the United States Institute of Peace 5 December 2023 - 21:36 As part of the visit to the United States together with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Minister of Defense Rustem Umerov, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak spoke at the United States Institute of Peace. President met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands 5 December 2023 - 19:47 The priority needs of Ukrainian defenders were discussed, particularly regarding the reinforcement of air defense, provision of additional artillery systems of 155 mm caliber and ammunition, as well as the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets with the support of the Netherlands. President presented first certificates for apartments to Heroes of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes – implementation of the President's initiative has begun 5 December 2023 - 19:44 On the eve of the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy handed over the first certificates for apartments to Ukrainian defenders who were awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine and family members of fallen Heroes. Ukraine has fulfilled over 90% of the recommendations of the European Commission and expects a fair decision from the EU on the start of accession negotiations – Ihor Zhovkva 5 December 2023 - 19:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Spyridon Lambridis, Special Envoy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic for Ukraine. As long as volunteer hearts are beating, Ukraine is fighting – on International Volunteer Day, the President presented the Golden Heart award 5 December 2023 - 14:06 On International Volunteer Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Ukrainian volunteer movement and presented them with the Golden Heart presidential award. Address by President of Ukraine on International Volunteer Day 5 December 2023 - 13:28 As long as your hearts, volunteer hearts, and the spirit of help and support are beating, our people are fighting, Ukraine is fighting. Relentlessly. And we are fighting. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine