1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024554/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=166 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – A deal with the current President of the Russian Federation is a ticket to a world where international law is no longer valid - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 8 November 2022 - 19:41 Dialogue with the Russian Federation will become possible when the Russian army leaves Ukrainian territory, otherwise the ceasefire agreement will become only a tactical pause to strengthen Russian positions and lead to the loss of Ukrainian territories. Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, stated this in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Sean Penn discussed support for Ukraine and visited the Walk of the Brave in Kyiv 8 November 2022 - 18:54 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with American actor, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer, Oscar winner Sean Penn, who is coming to Ukraine for the third time during the full-scale invasion of Russia. President met with a member of the US President's Cabinet, United States Ambassador to the United Nations 8 November 2022 - 18:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with member of the US President's Cabinet, United States Ambassador to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield, who arrived on a visit to our country. The kitchen factory for educational institutions in Bucha and neighboring communities has received an address and contractors 8 November 2022 - 16:35 The construction will take place in the framework of the reform of school meals at the initiative of the First Lady of Ukraine. The patron of the project is Howard Buffett, an American philanthropist and businessman, the son of the famous investor Warren Buffett. The Liberty Medal is for everyone who fights and works to protect Ukraine, everyone who supports us - speech by President at the 34th award ceremony of the National Constitution Center 8 November 2022 - 12:45 I decided to send the prize money of our Liberty Medal to help Ukrainian veterans – to rebuild and modernize the rehabilitation center for veterans in the city of Borodyanka, Kyiv region of Ukraine. It is Ukraine that helps fight the food crisis created as a result of Russian aggression - Andriy Yermak 8 November 2022 - 09:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held the first meeting of the working group formed by the decree of the Head of State on November 3, 2022, to prepare proposals for providing assistance to states suffering from an acute food crisis. Escalation of Russian missile and drone terror only led to the world responding with new aid to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 November 2022 - 22:25 We also received new systems that significantly strengthen our air defense. The protection of the Ukrainian sky is, of course, not one hundred percent, but we are gradually moving towards our goal. President met with American philanthropist Howard Buffett 7 November 2022 - 16:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed Howard Buffett about the security situation in our country, in particular in the context of shelling of energy infrastructure facilities by the aggressor country. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs, Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan 7 November 2022 - 13:22 The Deputy Head of the President's Office informed the interlocutor about the security situation in Ukraine and Russian terrorist tactics of shelling civilian infrastructure. In this context, the possibility of the Japanese government providing assistance to overcome the consequences of the destruction of energy facilities was discussed. Anyone who helps Russia prolong the war should bear responsibility for the consequences along with it - address by the President of Ukraine 6 November 2022 - 21:22 The whole world will know that the Iranian regime helps Russia prolong this war, and therefore prolong the effect of those threats to the world provoked precisely by the Russian war. 1 2 ... 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine