6 captures 25 Aug 2019 - 21 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220323170839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-obovyazkovo-skoristayemosya-svoyim-shansom-zminiti-krayin-56777 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7, NATO and EU summits, new sanctions packages and new assistance take place this week - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2022 - 00:05 View all videos n latest news Speech by the President of Ukraine at a joint meeting of the Senate, the National Assembly of the French Republic and the Council of Paris 23 March 2022 - 18:00 Olena Zelenska told Le Parisien about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine, coordination of efforts with the first ladies to support Ukrainians abroad 23 March 2022 - 13:37 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Parliament of Japan 23 March 2022 - 12:37 A website for targeted humanitarian aid in Ukraine has been created - President 23 March 2022 - 09:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We will definitely use our chance to change the country - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the business forum in Istanbul 8 August 2019 - 12:41 On August 8, in the framework of the official visit to Turkey, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Ukraine-Turkey business forum. During his speech, the Head of State emphasized that the last 28 years hadn’t been too successful for Ukraine. And evaluating such a situation, the people of Ukraine have provided the mandate for change to the current President and his team. “We already have a majority in the Parliament. Soon, we will form a professional government and choose an honest Prosecutor General. We will definitely use our chance to change the country,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. According to the Head of State, over the coming 5 years, Ukraine will drastically change and the national economy will grow by 5-7% per year. "Over this time, we will invest at least $ 20 billion in our infrastructure to repair our 24,000 km of roads, to increase the number of operating airports to 15, to develop 5 seaports, to substantially increase their capacity, to triple the capacity of our military-industrial complex,” the President stressed. As stated by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, one of the reforms in Ukraine would be the introduction of the land market. "This year, we will definitely carry out the land reform, and next year it will create a market for 40 million hectares of land, which is one of the highest quality in the world," he said. The Head of State said that as a result of large-scale privatization, effective investors would receive hundreds of interesting objects. "We will conduct large-scale privatization and sell hundreds of interesting objects to effective investors, create normal competitive rules in the energy markets and simplify the rules of doing business removing restrictions in the areas of labor relations and capital flow," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded that Ukraine was a strong state in the IT sphere and announced plans to introduce 5G telecommunication standards technology in the country. "Of course, this is a prospect of several years, but we have already started preparations," the Head of State said. The changes will also affect the tourism sector of the Black Sea, which the new team will develop, in particular by legalizing the operation of casinos in 5-star hotels. "We will legalize gambling, namely the operation of casinos in 5-star hotels, which will stimulate the development of a tourist cluster of the region near the Black Sea," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The President said that it was not the whole list of planned reforms aimed to make Ukraine a magnet for investment. He also stressed that the President's team was working to overcome such old problems in the country as smuggling, corruption and post-Soviet restrictions. “We have already created progressive leadership in customs and border services. Therefore, all these problems will soon remain in the past,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured. ph President's visit to Turkey 7 August 2019 - 14:32 ph President's visit to Turkey 7 August 2019 - 14:32 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine