1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309015747/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Address by the President of Ukraine in the evening of the second day of the large-scale war 26 February 2022 - 00:38 I appeal to our defenders on all frontlines. This night the enemy will use all the forces available to break our resistance. Treacherously, viciously, inhumanly. This night they will make an assault upon us. We all have to understand what we are going to face. This night we have to withstand. The fate of Ukraine is now being decided. Tactics of Russian troops resembles terrorist methods when shelling of residential neighborhoods and kindergartens is carried out - Mykhailo Podolyak 25 February 2022 - 21:13 The Armed Forces of Ukraine, the National Police and the Territorial Defense work well to maintain control over much of Ukraine's territory, which has been attacked by the Russian Federation. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak at a briefing in the Office of the Head of State. Address by the President of Ukraine 25 February 2022 - 13:07 This is not just Russia's invasion in Ukraine, this is the beginning of the war against Europe. Against the unity of Europe. Against elementary human rights in Europe. Against all coexistence rules on the continent. Against the fact that European states refuse to divide, yes, to divide the borders by force. Mykhailo Podolyak: Baseline scenario of Russian attack on Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the state leadership 25 February 2022 - 11:44 Baseline scenario of the special operation of the Russian Federation against Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the leadership of the state. But President Volodymyr Zelenskyy remains in the capital to show the sustainability of the Ukrainian people. This was said by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Mykhailo Podolyak at a briefing at the President's Office. Address by the President on the second morning of the large-scale war 25 February 2022 - 07:27 Just as yesterday, the military and civilians are equally under Russian attack. The purpose of this attack is to put pressure on you, the citizens of Ukraine, to put pressure on our entire society. I emphasize: not just on the government - on all Ukrainians. And today - even more than yesterday. Address by the President to Ukrainians at the end of the first day of Russia's attacks 25 February 2022 - 01:10 We are not afraid of anything. We are not afraid to defend our state. We are not afraid of Russia. We are not afraid to talk to Russia. We are not afraid to say everything about security guarantees for our state. We are not afraid to talk about neutral status. We are not in NATO now. But the main thing - what security guarantees will we have? And what specific countries will give them? Western partners must help close the sky over Ukraine to stop Russian aggression: Mykhailo Podoliak 24 February 2022 - 21:01 Ukraine calls on its Western partners to help close the sky over our country in order to stop the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak. Address by the President of Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 18:01 For the world community, Russia is becoming an analogue of the so-called DPR - this is complete isolation. I am in constant contact with the leaders of partner countries and international organizations. Russia has already begun receiving the first sanctions from a large package of sanctions, the most powerful in world history. Ukraine severed diplomatic relations with Russia, which treacherously attacked it; our country will defend itself and will not give up its freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2022 - 14:13 The state of Ukraine severed diplomatic relations with the Russian Federation, which treacherously attacked it at 5 am on February 24. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a briefing at the Office of the Head of State. Servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other law enforcement agencies do not yield to the Russian troops and oppose them - Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President 24 February 2022 - 14:10 In the framework of repelling the military operation by the Russian Federation against Ukraine, there are currently four dangerous directions - the Crimean Isthmus, the JFO area, the directions of Chernihiv and Kharkiv. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Arestovych at a briefing in the Office of the President. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine