1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050441/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=93 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda to hold a meeting of the Council of Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania 17 March 2021 - 12:30 At the invitation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda will pay an official visit to Ukraine on March 18-19, 2021. The public danger of environmental crime requires intensive work from state bodies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 March 2021 - 11:15 Strengthening the fight against environmental crime should be one of the main priorities of criminal policy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a video address recorded for a joint meeting of heads of law enforcement and other state bodies on compliance with environmental legislation, combating criminal offenses against the environment. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva discussed the Transdniestrian Settlement with Special Representative of the OSCE Chairman-in-Office Thomas Mayr-Harting 16 March 2021 - 19:59 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Special Representative of the OSCE Chairman-in-Office Thomas Mayr-Harting. The parties focused on the course of negotiations in the "5+2" format on a peaceful settlement of the Transnistrian conflict. The parties noted the slowdown in the negotiations in which Ukraine has been participating as a guarantor and mediator since 1995, and stressed the importance of making additional efforts to restore their dynamics. President had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden 15 March 2021 - 21:24 The situation regarding the fight against COVID-19 in both countries and the provision of Ukraine with a vaccine licensed by Western countries was discussed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked the Swedish party for its support and significant practical assistance to Ukraine in implementing reforms. Stefan Löfven praised the personal leadership of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the reforms and progress achieved in the European integration. The first vaccination against COVID-19 reduces the probability of infection by 76% - meeting with the President 15 March 2021 - 12:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a traditional conference call on the prevention of the spread of COVID-19, which was attended by representatives of the government and law enforcement agencies. President at the Congress of the Servant of the People: We will always work not for a part of society, but for the benefit of all citizens of Ukraine 13 March 2021 - 12:42 With the support of Ukrainians, the new government has done in less than two years what other politicians had been promising for decades yet had not done. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the XI Congress of the Servant of the People party. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Advisor to the President of Afghanistan 13 March 2021 - 10:35 The interlocutors discussed a wide range of issues on the bilateral agenda, including the strengthening of trade, economic and military-technical cooperation. President honored the memory of the victims of the Kurenivka tragedy 13 March 2021 - 10:08 On the 60th anniversary of the Kurenivka tragedy, a basket of flowers was laid on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in memory of the deceased Kyivites to the memorial cross on Oleny Telihy Street in the capital. Address by the President of Ukraine on the latest decisions of the National Security and Defense Council 12 March 2021 - 20:50 It is no secret that the latest decisions of the National Security and Defense Council have caused considerable resonance. Public approval and, of course, indignation of those who find their names and businesses in the decisions of the National Security and Defense Council. Today I will summarize the preliminary results, set the record straight and explain in simple language to you - our citizens of Ukraine, what exactly is happening. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a phone conversation with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 12 March 2021 - 16:56 The interlocutors discussed topical issues of the bilateral agenda, as well as outlined further areas of deepening cooperation between Ukraine and Israel. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine