1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033039/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=120 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – First Lady met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada 16 February 2023 - 19:58 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada Mélanie Joly. The parties discussed cooperation in the areas of mental health, barrier-free environment and cultural diplomacy. Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine is grateful to Lithuania for its unwavering and comprehensive support 16 February 2023 - 19:05 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Lithuania Mantas Adomėnas. Olena Zelenska met with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director for Europe 16 February 2023 - 17:07 The parties discussed the results of the audit of the mental health service system resources conducted as part of the work on the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program. We are already confident that at the end of the road we will remain free and gain peace - speech by the President of Ukraine at a special session of the Storting 16 February 2023 - 11:48 The main difference between March last year and February this year is confidence. Confidence that the free world will not betray the values of freedom. Confidence that Ukraine will not be left alone with such an enemy. Any attempts by Russia to retake the initiative must be thwarted - address by the President of Ukraine 15 February 2023 - 23:05 We have to ensure that this spring it is truly felt that Ukraine is moving towards victory. This applies to the training of our defense forces, the supply of weapons for our country and our strategic initiative in the war. There will be challenges ahead, but we are doing everything to make this year victorious for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 February 2023 - 18:25 According to the Head of State, the situation on the eastern frontline, particularly in the area of Bakhmut in the Donetsk region, is very difficult today. However, the heroic defenders of the city are steadfastly holding their positions and destroying the military potential of the invaders. President following the meeting with Ulf Kristersson in Kyiv: Together with Sweden, we must ensure everything necessary for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU this year 15 February 2023 - 17:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson, who is on a visit to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak met with the famous British historian, Professor Timothy Ash 15 February 2023 - 16:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with British historian, journalist and writer, Professor of European Studies in the University of Oxford Timothy Garton Ash, who is on a visit to our country. President of Ukraine honored the memory of warriors killed on the territory of other states 15 February 2023 - 09:29 On the Day of Commemoration of Participants in Combat Operations on the Territory of Other States, on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a basket of flowers was placed at the Memorial Complex to the Ukrainian warriors fallen in Afghanistan at 17 Lavrska Street in Kyiv. We have got regular strong decisions on protecting our country and strengthening our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 14 February 2023 - 21:45 Today is the day of another Ramstein, a meeting of the group of military support for Ukraine. Our partners have confirmed more air defense systems, more tanks, more artillery and shells, and more training for our military. 1 2 ... 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine