2 captures 06 Oct 2022 - 21 Jun 2025 Sep OCT Nov 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221006230639/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glavi-derzhavi-prezentuvali-paket-rekomendacij-shodo-bezpeko-77737?fbclid=IwAR3CgRTfSN2I7GEzzZq2d3G6mBpqPYrfGbp1ls5J0PDLJ8lUq07jFcqEGV0 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:30 View all videos n latest news Since the beginning of October, more than half a thousand square kilometers have been liberated from the Russian occupiers in the Kherson region alone - address by the President of Ukraine 6 October 2022 - 22:27 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development 6 October 2022 - 20:23 President discussed safety issues at the Zaporizhzhia NPP with the Director General of the IAEA 6 October 2022 - 19:40 Russian evil will lose when our peace formula prevails - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the leaders of the European Political Community 6 October 2022 - 17:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events A package of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the Yermak-Rasmussen Group was presented to the President 13 September 2022 - 15:32 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the co-chairs of the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine - Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. They presented to the Head of State the recommendations developed by the Group regarding future security guarantees for Ukraine, which should become the basis of a document called the Kyiv Security Compact. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Yermak-Rasmussen International Working Group for developing this package of recommendations. "I studied this document in detail. I believe that it is prepared at a high level. This is the first yet crucially important step. These recommendations should become the basis of the future security compact," he said. The Head of State believes the expert group should continue its work and complete this project. According to the President, it is extremely important that the leaders of the world's major powers sign the future compact. It is worth focusing on those countries that demonstrated strong support for Ukraine after the start of a full-scale war with Russia. Andriy Yermak noted that the basis of the presented proposals is the idea of creating a coalition of security guarantors of Ukraine, which should be based on a system of agreements combined in the framework of a joint document on strategic partnership. "We expect that the Kyiv Security Compact will unite the key group of allied countries and Ukraine. This group of guarantor states may consist of the US, Great Britain, Canada, Poland, Italy, Germany, France, Australia, Türkiye, as well as the countries of Northern Europe and the Baltic region, Central and Eastern Europe," he said. The Head of the Office of the President noted that, in addition to the main, single agreement for all, bilateral agreements may be concluded between Ukraine and individual guarantor states, which should regulate detailed aspects of relations between the countries in matters of security support. For his part, Anders Fogh Rasmussen thanked Andriy Yermak and all the experts involved in the Group for their productive work. He congratulated the Ukrainian state, its people and the Armed Forces on the success currently observed at the front. "We see that one of the best guarantees is to ensure that Ukraine has a significant military force capable of withstanding any attack," said Anders Fogh Rasmussen. The former Secretary General of NATO emphasized that the Kyiv Security Compact will differ significantly from the Budapest Memorandum of 1994. "It is not about an obligation to refrain from some actions, on the contrary, it is an obligation to provide everything that Ukraine needs to ensure its defense," explained Anders Fogh Rasmussen. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance for Ukrainian society, the world and international organizations to know the difference between the future security document and the Budapest Memorandum. "It should be a working effective mechanism," he emphasized. The President also asked Anders Fogh Rasmussen, if possible, to join the dialogue with the leaders of the states - future guarantors of Ukraine's security, using his international authority. The former Secretary General of NATO emphasized that he is ready to present the developed recommendations regarding future security guarantees for Ukraine in the major capitals of the world. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine