4 captures 22 Oct 2020 - 05 Jun 2024 Aug SEP Oct 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220925181900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/najbilshi-perspektivi-dlya-ekonomichnogo-partnerstva-ukrayin-59581 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The heroism and grit of our warriors leave no doubt that Ukraine will prevail - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 September 2022 - 22:03 View all videos n latest news The heroism and grit of our warriors leave no doubt that Ukraine will prevail - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 September 2022 - 21:59 First Lady of Ukraine visited the 9/11 Memorial and the Ukrainian Museum in New York, where she spoke about the state of Ukrainian museum institutions 24 September 2022 - 14:21 With the "Gold Star" Order we celebrate those who write the history of our state and our people - President of Ukraine 24 September 2022 - 08:14 Ambassadors of foreign countries visited the liberated city of Izyum and saw the consequences of the Russian occupation 23 September 2022 - 23:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and relatives of the fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously 24 September 2022 - 08:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Investment sphere provides the greatest prospects for economic partnership between Ukraine and Turkey - President 3 February 2020 - 19:53 Investment is the most promising area of economic partnership between Ukraine and Turkey. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Ukrainian-Turkish business forum in Kyiv. The Head of State emphasized that a number of Turkish companies had already taken advantage of the opportunities in our country. “I am sure that the investment sphere provides the greatest prospects for economic partnership between Ukraine and Turkey today. It is not only about establishing joint ventures, but also about active participation of Turkish companies in the privatization process,” he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that further development of cooperation between the two countries would be facilitated by the signing of the Free Trade Agreement. “This will give impetus in many areas: agriculture and food, housing construction, energy and energy efficiency, transport and tourism. We also have significant potential in engineering, production of transport and energy equipment,” the President said. The President urged Turkish companies to invest in the Ukrainian economy right now. In particular, Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited Turkish business to participate in concession tenders in infrastructure modernization projects. “One of our priorities is a large-scale modernization of infrastructure - roads, airports and seaports, launch of river transport. The first concession tenders of the seaports of Olbia and Kherson have already been launched. We are currently preparing new tenders for airports and seaports, as well as concession road projects,” the President said. At the same time, Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that investments in the development of tourist infrastructure in the Kherson and Odesa regions were potentially attractive for both countries. The Head of State also reminded that the authorities were initiating a number of innovations to improve the investment climate. These include, for example, five-year tax holidays, the Investment nanny project, the creation of international arbitration for investors. ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey 3 February 2020 - 13:23 ph Events involving the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey 3 February 2020 - 13:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine