2 captures 25 Jan 2020 - 19 Jul 2022 Jun JUL Aug 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220719140842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-oznajomilasya-z-izrayilskoyu-sistemoyu-social-59461 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Provide information and emotional support to our people in the occupied areas, tell them about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2022 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska started her visit to the United States 19 July 2022 - 10:01 Provide information and emotional support to our people in the occupied areas, tell them about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2022 - 22:37 Actions and inaction of every official in the security sector and in the law enforcement agencies will be evaluated - address by the President of Ukraine 17 July 2022 - 22:30 Russia's missiles, artillery not to be able to break our unity, to throw us off our path – address of President of Ukraine 16 July 2022 - 21:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska got herself acquainted with the Israeli system of socialization of children with disabilities 24 January 2020 - 15:38 In the framework of the working visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the State of Israel, the First Lady Olena Zelenska visited a school for pupils with complex types of disability. A special feature of HaDvir HaHadash school in Jerusalem is the integration of children with special needs into society. Therefore, the emphasis here is placed on social aspects rather than educational ones - they teach children to be self-sufficient, cope with everyday life, instill the basics of personal hygiene. According to the teachers, each pupil attends primary lessons, music lessons, acquires social skills through movement, arts and crafts. Duration of classes varies from 20 to 45 minutes. There are no more than six pupils in each class. There are 29 children aged 6 to 21 in the school. Typically, up to 70 people study in such institutions in Israel. Among the group methods of therapy are occupational therapy, physical therapy, shiatsu, horse riding, hydrotherapy and more. Tours and annual group trips are organized. From the age of 14, pupils work in student workshops - baking bread, recycling paper and making tableware from recycled paper, gardening. A regular city school is located next to HaDvir HaHadash, in a neighboring building. As explained to the President's wife, the idea is that the pupils see each other, interact, spend time together, communicate. In order to make children feel part of the community, the school also initiates common lessons and community cafeterias on a monthly basis. The school leadership told Olena Zelenska about a decision to provide home-type meal - a menu of mostly vegetarian dishes cooked by the staff together with the students. The school has about 60 employees. The President's wife asked how Israel managed to achieve such a level of inclusion. Representatives of the school called the new law on full inclusion, which entered into force last year, a significant step. The concept is, first and foremost, the acceptance of one another and the willingness of society to be open and friendly. “Normal society should not isolate, brush off. I have heard about Israeli schools whose profile is socialization - their flexibility, their focus on the child's social needs, their caring attitude and instilling of autonomy. Now, with my own eyes, I was convinced of the effectiveness of such approaches,” Olena Zelenska said in a conversation with the administration of the educational institution and personally thanked the teachers. “Your school is a truly unique state-public project. And I would like to separately thank the teachers, who help the children in adaptation, for their noble mission,” the President's wife emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine