18 captures 03 Feb 2022 - 19 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220203185431/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-zustrilasya-v-kiyevi-z-pershoyu-ledi-tu-72697 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Ukraine looks forward to close cooperation with Turkey in energy, infrastructure, technology and defense - President 3 February 2022 - 18:38 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Historical visit of Turkish President demonstrates who is a friend of Ukraine, always willing to help 3 February 2022 - 18:16 In the presence of the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey a number of documents that will significantly increase trade turnover between the two countries were signed 3 February 2022 - 17:49 The agreement on a free trade area between Ukraine and Turkey is the result of three decades of cooperation and friendship between the two countries - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2022 - 17:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 14:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady of Ukraine met in Kyiv with the First Lady of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 16:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with First Lady of Turkey Emine Erdoğan in Kyiv. Together, they presented a Turkish-language audio guide at the Sofia Kyivska National Reserve. The First Lady of Turkey arrived in Ukraine in the framework of the visit of President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on February 3. This day marks the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the countries. The relevant protocol was signed in 1992. "But we know that relations between our countries did not begin 30 years ago, they have a centuries-old history," said Olena Zelenska. She also thanked Mrs. Emine Erdoğan for supporting her initiatives, including the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen held on August 23, 2021 in Kyiv. "Without real political power, the spouses of world leaders instead have the tools of soft power," the wife of the President of Ukraine said. During the current visit, the First Ladies took part in the presentation of an audio guide in Turkish for the Sofia Kyivska National Reserve. It was created as a pilot project by the State Agency for Tourism Development of Ukraine and the Turkish Cooperation and Coordination Agency (TIKA). The First Ladies noted that this was a step in response, as more than 30 audio guides in Ukrainian have been launched worldwide as part of Olena Zelenska’s initiative, most of them in Turkish landmarks and museums. "Last year, Turkey became one of the most visited countries by Ukrainians. We want Ukraine to become closer to Turkish tourists as well. To speak to them in familiar words. Because the way forward must be two-sided. Therefore, I am very glad that from now on, when guests from Turkey come to us, Sofia Kyivska will speak to them in their native language," Olena Zelenska said during her speech. The First Lady ended her speech at the presentation with an invitation in Turkish: "Kyiv Ayasofya Katedraline hoş geldiniz!", which means "Welcome to Sofia Kyivska!" It is planned that 30 more Turkish-language audio guides will appear in the country's cultural centers in the near future. This will take place in the framework of the implementation of the memorandum of cooperation signed in August 2021. It brings together three key players - the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, the State Agency for Tourism Development, MEGOGO, and more and more international partners. In addition, the wives of the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey discussed the next steps in cultural diplomacy between the countries. In particular, the Turkish translation of the work of Ukrainian professor of oriental studies Hryhoriy Khalymonenko "Turkic lexical snippet of the Ukrainian dictionary". This is an explanatory dictionary of words of Turkic origin in the Ukrainian language. The book is planned to be published by the Turkish Language Association. First Lady of Turkey Emine Erdoğan noted the importance of the project, as "there are more than 3,000 words of Turkic origin in the Ukrainian language." It is expected that this will be the beginning of a broader project - mutual translation of books by Ukrainian and Turkish writers in both countries. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 14:00 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Turkey 3 February 2022 - 14:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine