1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013205/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=31 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discussed ways to implement the Ukrainian Peace Formula with generals from the USA and Norway 21 December 2022 - 16:22 On Tuesday evening, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with ex-commander of the U.S. Africa Command, General David Rodriguez, former commander of the Norwegian Armed Forces, General Sverre Diesen, and regional director of the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD) David Gorman. In order to build a successful Ukraine, it is necessary to continue to resolutely and systematically eradicate corruption - Andriy Yermak 19 December 2022 - 22:55 Open and transparent reconstruction processes, equal and comfortable rules for investors are the basic conditions for the success of Ukraine and its accelerated economic growth. That is why our state seeks to become a member of the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. Ukraine held a road show regarding the creation of a special tribunal that will try the top leadership of Russia 19 December 2022 - 21:39 During the road show held at the beginning of December, the Ukrainian delegation provided strong evidence that there is no alternative to the creation of a special international tribunal that will try the highest political leadership of Russia for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov said this at a press conference in the Office of the President. Ukraine consistently working on consolidating international support for responding to human rights violations in occupied Crimea – Ihor Zhovkva 17 December 2022 - 11:28 The format of the Crimea platform is not only about the de-occupation of Crimea, it is also about the liberation of all the territories of other countries occupied by the Russian Federation. Office of representative of President in Crimea plays leading role in shaping Ukraine's state policies on de-occupation, reintegration of peninsula 17 December 2022 - 11:12 In just one year of its existence, the Crimea Platform managed to raise the issue of de-occupation of Crimea to a much higher international level and prevent the world from forgetting that the Russian Federation's war against Ukraine began with Crimea and will end in Crimea. Ukraine is very grateful for support of American people in these hard times – Andriy Yermak at meeting with US veterans 16 December 2022 - 22:39 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a group of US veterans – activists and philanthropists, who handed over equipment and other important humanitarian aid to the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak discusses assistance in restoring Ukraine's energy infrastructure with Geoffrey Pyatt, Bridget Brink 16 December 2022 - 21:30 On behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting with US Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources Geoffrey R. Pyatt and US Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Ukraine Bridget A. Brink. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with Georg Milbradt the role of local communities in the defense and reconstruction of Ukraine 16 December 2022 - 12:30 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko held a meeting with Special Representative of the Federal Government of Germany on issues of reforms in the spheres of governance and decentralization in Ukraine Georg Milbradt. Andriy Yermak held consultations of diplomatic advisers in the format of the Lublin Triangle 15 December 2022 - 17:20 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau of the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch and Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė to hold consultations in the format of the Lublin Triangle. After the adoption of the law on national minorities, Ukraine has become one step closer to the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 13 December 2022 - 23:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Director of the Spanish EU Presidency Coordination Office María Aurora Mejía Errasquín. 1 2 ... 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine