9 captures 22 May 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240522230401/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaklikav-lideriv-molodizhnogo-ruhu-doluchitisy-91061 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Peace Summit and the Participation of World Leaders Can Restore the Full Effectiveness of the UN Charter and Return Full Protection to Every Nation – Address by the President 22 May 2024 - 20:28 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak Called on Youth Movement Leaders to Get Involved in Spreading the Word about the Global Peace Summit 22 May 2024 - 21:05 The Peace Summit and the Participation of World Leaders Can Restore the Full Effectiveness of the UN Charter and Return Full Protection to Every Nation – Address by the President 22 May 2024 - 20:24 Austria, Albania and Chile Have Confirmed Their Participation in the Global Peace Summit 22 May 2024 - 19:20 Andriy Yermak Had a Phone Call with Jake Sullivan 22 May 2024 - 15:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Met with Young Scientists and Representatives of the Junior Academy of Sciences 21 May 2024 - 19:15 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak Called on Youth Movement Leaders to Get Involved in Spreading the Word about the Global Peace Summit 22 May 2024 - 21:05 The Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, met with the representatives of the Council for Youth Affairs under the President of Ukraine and youth leaders of the Global South. He called on young people to spread the word about the Global Peace Summit. “It is definitely important for big stars and big politicians to speak out. But it seems to me, that today it is you – young, smart, creative people – who can unite millions of young people through your actions. This is a good opportunity to show that youth has a great influence,” Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the Presidential Office spoke in detail about Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and preparations for the Summit. He reiterated that Russia's aggression affects not only Ukraine. Therefore, the participants of the Summit, who respect international law and the UN Charter, should not only contribute to the establishment of a just peace in Ukraine, but also develop mechanisms that will become the basis of security for the whole world in the future. “When we see that people don't know how to stop one war, other conflicts break out in the world. We have a mission to show by our example that today strong leaders are capable of making strong decisions,” Andriy Yermak concluded. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine