8 captures 11 Dec 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241211201318/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dosyagti-nadijnogo-miru-ce-vazhke-zavdannya-i-cyu-vagu-treba-94949 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Achieving Reliable Peace Is a Challenging Task, and We Must Be Capable of Handling the Challenge – Address by the President 11 December 2024 - 19:15 View all videos n latest news Ukraine and Ireland Strengthen Cooperation on the Return of Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 11 December 2024 - 20:43 Achieving Reliable Peace Is a Challenging Task, and We Must Be Capable of Handling the Challenge – Address by the President 11 December 2024 - 19:15 137 Judges Have Taken the Oath in the Ukrainian House 11 December 2024 - 17:23 Olena Zelenska: Collaboration Between Ukrainian and Foreign Doctors Has Saved Hundreds of Lives in Ukraine 11 December 2024 - 15:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Head of State Awarded Scientists with the Borys Paton National Prize of Ukraine 10 December 2024 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Achieving Reliable Peace Is a Challenging Task, and We Must Be Capable of Handling the Challenge – Address by the President 11 December 2024 - 19:15 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I have just spoken with the Prime Minister of Spain about our joint work – all of us in Europe – to achieve unity, which can bring peace closer. I am grateful to Spain for its support. And especially for the support in strengthening our air defense. We will continue working this week and next to strengthen our shared European positions, ensuring they help restore security in Ukraine and throughout Europe. Coordination and joint work always lead to achieving results. This is what Europe needs now, not some individual efforts in defiance of everyone else on the continent. Achieving reliable peace is a challenging task, and we must be capable of handling the challenge. The European position on peace must be as strong as possible. Today I held several important meetings. Together with Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Sybiha, we are already preparing replacements in the diplomatic corps for the near future. We will present them in a week and a half. We are currently interviewing candidates for the positions of Ukrainian Ambassadors. There are some strong proposals. Today, First Deputy Prime Minister Svyrydenko reported on meetings and negotiations in the United States, as well as on Government programs, including eSupport. Almost six and a half million Ukrainians have already applied for eSupport, including one million six hundred thousand applications for children. The development pace of this program is good, as we expected. It is obvious that people need the program. And the first payments are already being made. We see that about half of the payments were transferred to utilities. A significant part goes to volunteer funds, and it is very important that people can support our army with these funds. The eSupport program will be open for three months of the winter – this is the time to apply for it. And the funds will be available for spending throughout the whole coming year. Today, the Ukrainian-German Business Forum was held in Germany, with Chancellor Scholz and Prime Minister Shmyhal attending. I am waiting for the Prime Minister's report on the agreements reached. And one more thing. Regarding any missile threats. The action algorithm remains the same. If there is a threat and an air raid siren sounds – you have to react. Know where the shelter is. And take care of yourself. I am grateful to all defenders of our skies who protect Ukraine. Glory to our warriors! Glory to our people! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine