17 captures 13 Sep 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220913174638/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glavi-derzhavi-prezentuvali-paket-rekomendacij-shodo-bezpeko-77737 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We still need to strengthen our cooperation with partners to overcome Russian terror – address by the President of Ukraine 12 September 2022 - 23:02 View all videos n latest news A package of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the Yermak-Rasmussen Group was presented to the President 13 September 2022 - 15:32 On the initiative of Olena Zelenska, more than $6.4 million was raised for ambulances that will help save the seriously injured 13 September 2022 - 15:15 Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen jointly present recommendations on security guarantees of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 13:16 Executive Director of the International Bar Association at a meeting with Andriy Smyrnov supported the creation of an international tribunal for Russia 13 September 2022 - 09:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Current events A package of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the Yermak-Rasmussen Group was presented to the President 13 September 2022 - 15:32 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the co-chairs of the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine - Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. They presented to the Head of State the recommendations developed by the Group regarding future security guarantees for Ukraine, which should become the basis of a document called the Kyiv Security Compact. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Yermak-Rasmussen International Working Group for developing this package of recommendations. "I studied this document in detail. I believe that it is prepared at a high level. This is the first yet crucially important step. These recommendations should become the basis of the future security compact," he said. The Head of State believes the expert group should continue its work and complete this project. According to the President, it is extremely important that the leaders of the world's major powers sign the future compact. It is worth focusing on those countries that demonstrated strong support for Ukraine after the start of a full-scale war with Russia. Andriy Yermak noted that the basis of the presented proposals is the idea of creating a coalition of security guarantors of Ukraine, which should be based on a system of agreements combined in the framework of a joint document on strategic partnership. "We expect that the Kyiv Security Compact will unite the key group of allied countries and Ukraine. This group of guarantor states may consist of the US, Great Britain, Canada, Poland, Italy, Germany, France, Australia, Türkiye, as well as the countries of Northern Europe and the Baltic region, Central and Eastern Europe," he said. The Head of the Office of the President noted that, in addition to the main, single agreement for all, bilateral agreements may be concluded between Ukraine and individual guarantor states, which should regulate detailed aspects of relations between the countries in matters of security support. For his part, Anders Fogh Rasmussen thanked Andriy Yermak and all the experts involved in the Group for their productive work. He congratulated the Ukrainian state, its people and the Armed Forces on the success currently observed at the front. "We see that one of the best guarantees is to ensure that Ukraine has a significant military force capable of withstanding any attack," said Anders Fogh Rasmussen. The former Secretary General of NATO emphasized that the Kyiv Security Compact will differ significantly from the Budapest Memorandum of 1994. "It is not about an obligation to refrain from some actions, on the contrary, it is an obligation to provide everything that Ukraine needs to ensure its defense," explained Anders Fogh Rasmussen. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance for Ukrainian society, the world and international organizations to know the difference between the future security document and the Budapest Memorandum. "It should be a working effective mechanism," he emphasized. The President also asked Anders Fogh Rasmussen, if possible, to join the dialogue with the leaders of the states - future guarantors of Ukraine's security, using his international authority. The former Secretary General of NATO emphasized that he is ready to present the developed recommendations regarding future security guarantees for Ukraine in the major capitals of the world. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine