23 captures 25 May 2022 - 13 Oct 2025 Feb MAR Apr 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230308144008/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ta-anders-fog-rasmussen-ocholyat-mizhnarodnu-k-75345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 12:07 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 11:59 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 First Lady of Ukraine met with the President of the UAE 7 March 2023 - 22:17 Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations to discuss the pursuit of legal action against Russia for its environmental crimes committed in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 20:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region 3 March 2023 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen will chair an international advisory group that will provide proposals on security guarantees for Ukraine 24 May 2022 - 18:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak has announced the establishment of an international advisory group that will develop proposals on security guarantees for Ukraine. He will co-lead the group with former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. This was announced by Andriy Yermak, speaking at the Securing Europe panel in the framework of the World Economic Forum, which is taking place in Davos. “Today, I'm glad to announce here in Davos that together with the former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen we're establishing an international advisory working group. Its aim is to make some recommendations for reliable and efficient security guarantees for Ukraine. Leading figures from security, policy and diplomacy as well as scientists will be invited to join in and contribute,” the Head of the Office of the President noted. He expressed confidence that the friends of Ukraine will take part in the work of the advisory group and will be able to offer their knowledge and experience for the effective implementation of this initiative. “Our goal is to stop history from repeating and prepare the future for a sovereign and free Ukraine,” Andriy Yermak emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine