1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031509/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=153 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Today we honor with awards those who personify Ukrainian resilience – President at meeting with defenders released from captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity, and presented state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in Skovoroda-300 forum in Pereiaslav, speaks with students of three universities 2 December 2022 - 20:14 During a working trip to Kyiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the Skovoroda 300 cultural and artistic forum, dedicated to the anniversary of the birth of the famous Ukrainian philosopher, poet and teacher, which will be celebrated in Ukraine on December 3. Olena Zelenska tells British broadcaster Sky News about mass war crimes perpetrated by Russians against Ukrainians 2 December 2022 - 19:28 During her visit to the UK to participate in the international Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict Initiative (PSVI) Conference, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to the British broadcaster Sky News on this topic. President of Ukraine visited the Hryhorii Skovoroda Memorial Museum in Pereiaslav 2 December 2022 - 17:17 The Head of State was told about the cultural and artistic project "With Skovoroda in the Heart" launched in May 2021. Towels with authentic ornaments, which were characteristic of the period when Hryhorii Skovoroda lived and worked in Pereiaslav, are created within the project. We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 We have already gained it and we will ensure the full independence of our state. We will ensure, in particular, spiritual independence. We will never allow anyone to build an empire inside the Ukrainian soul. First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 During a visit to Great Britain, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with King Charles III. Together they visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, on the territory of which the Ukrainian Welcome Centre has been operating since August 2022. Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Justice is not only a vitally needed feeling, not only such a state of affairs in the country, without which life is not defined as full by the people. Justice is also a weapon. Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 In 2023, under the baseline sanctions scenario with an oil price cap, Russia will have significant difficulties in financing its balance of payments and budget. However, under the implementation of the ambitious scenario, which assumes a price of 30-35 dollars, the Russian Federation will reach a critically low level of oil and gas revenues already in the first half of next year. We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and preparing a countermeasure - even more powerful than now - address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2022 - 22:25 I held another meeting of the Staff today. We are analyzing the intentions of the occupiers and are preparing a countermeasure - an even more powerful countermeasure than now. I separately held a meeting on energy and communication issues. We record the results of what has already been done to protect our systems. We are preparing new solutions. If Ukraine fails to hold out against Russia's aggression, this war will spread to other territories, maybe even to other continents - President at the NYT DealBook Summit 30 November 2022 - 21:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the NYT DealBook Summit via video call and talked with the participants of the event. 1 2 ... 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine