3 captures 31 May 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 31 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230531002252/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-vzyav-uchast-u-18-mu-mizhnarodnomu-forumi-z-pit-83245 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We continue consolidating partners to make Ukrainian air defense as effective as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:11 View all videos n latest news Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the Office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom took place in the Office of the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:21 We continue consolidating partners to make Ukrainian air defense as effective as possible – address by the President of Ukraine 30 May 2023 - 22:11 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: video call with representatives of political and security leadership of Poland took place 30 May 2023 - 21:37 Ihor Zhovkva participated in the 18th GLOBSEC-2023 International Security Forum 30 May 2023 - 20:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva participated in the 18th GLOBSEC-2023 International Security Forum 30 May 2023 - 20:10 Pursuant to the instruction of Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva took part online in the GLOBSEC-2023 International Forum held on May 29-31 in Bratislava (Slovakia). This year's event attended by more than 1,300 representatives from 63 countries is dedicated primarily to Ukraine, its support and the search for ways to accelerate the restoration of lasting peace and security in the region. The important topics of the event were: Ukrainian Peace Formula, Euro-Atlantic integration and preparations for the NATO Summit in Vilnius, Ukraine's victory approaching and effective security guarantees for our country. Ihor Zhovkva opened one of the panel discussions of the second day of the forum "Peace Now: How?". In his speech, he outlined in detail the essence of the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and emphasized that it has no alternative as a basis for achieving peace in Ukraine. "Since the war is taking place on the territory of Ukraine, it is up to Ukrainians to decide on the conditions under which it should end and what a just peace should look like," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. According to Ihor Zhovkva, the Ukrainian Peace Formula was discussed in detail during the G7 Summit in Japan with the leaders of both the G7 countries and some countries of the Global South, as well as at the Arab League Summit in Saudi Arabia. "We are currently working on the widest possible involvement of the international community, including the countries of the Global South, in the implementation of the formula and holding the Global Peace Summit in the near future," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office emphasized. At the same time, he noted that the "peace initiatives" of other states can only be taken into account if they unequivocally condemn Russian aggression and, as a first step, provide for the complete and unconditional withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized 1991 borders. He emphasized the importance of consistent implementation of all ten points of the formula, which will end at the negotiating table with the definition of the conditions for further coexistence of the two states. In conclusion, Ihor Zhovkva emphasized: "Ukraine is unwavering in its desire for a truly just and lasting peace. Any proposals for negotiations by the aggressor state that provide for the suspension of hostilities and allow Russia to build up its forces are absolutely unacceptable." Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine