8 captures 25 Aug 2021 - 16 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072446/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/lideri-ssha-nimechchini-velikoyi-britaniyi-shveciyi-niderlan-70353 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news President signed a decree on the imposition of martial law in Ukraine, the Verkhovna Rada approved it 24 February 2022 - 08:57 Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Leaders of the United States, Germany, Great Britain, Sweden, the Netherlands and other countries congratulated Ukraine on the 30th anniversary of independence 24 August 2021 - 16:15 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy received congratulations from the leaders of the United States, Germany, Great Britain, Sweden, the Netherlands, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and other countries on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. In particular, US President Joseph Biden in his letter to the President of Ukraine noted that Ukrainian history is full of aspirations for independence, from the time of Volodymyr the Great to the present day. "Today we see a new generation of Ukrainians doing everything possible to protect freedom: from determined soldiers defending the country against Russian aggression in the east, to reformers in government and civil society fighting long-standing corrupt networks destroying Ukraine from within," Joseph Biden wrote. He noted that Americans and Ukrainians share aspirations for a happy and prosperous future, peace and unlimited opportunities for all, and assured of the unwavering support of the United States for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. "We will continue to assist and support Ukraine in its efforts towards Euro-Atlantic aspirations. We will stand by Ukraine as it implements reforms that will eradicate corruption, strengthen the rule of law and facilitate economic growth, and we will work together to protect human rights and democracy throughout the region,” he said. He assured that today the ties between the two countries are stronger than ever, and reminded that he would be happy to welcome President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Washington at the end of August to "continue to build partnership between our countries and increase the progress we have made together." "I wish you and the people of Ukraine a joyful celebration of Ukrainian independence," said Joseph Biden. On behalf of the German people, President of the Federal Republic of Germany Frank-Walter Steinmeier congratulated the President and all citizens of Ukraine on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of independence. "Germany helps Ukraine preserve its independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity, and on many levels stands in favor of ending the suffering of Ukrainians living in the east," the German President said in a letter to Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He added that Ukraine can continue to count on Germany's support in overcoming the extremely great challenges it faces. "I wish you and your fellow citizens a lot of strength, perseverance in boldly carrying out the necessary and partially initiated reforms in the state, economy and society and, if necessary, in their consistent implementation despite the constant resistance. I was glad to meet you in Berlin in July and I hope that we will be able to continue our conversation in the near future," Frank-Walter Steinmeier wrote. On the occasion of the 30th anniversary of Ukrainian independence, the President of Germany wished health to Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his family, as well as peace, freedom and prosperity to Ukraine. The best wishes for the personal well-being of the Head of State and a happy and peaceful future for Ukraine were conveyed by the Federal President of the Republic of Austria Alexander Van der Bellen. "Austria was one of the first countries to recognize Ukraine's independence. We also hope for the positive and dynamic development of the already existing excellent bilateral relations and the continuation of regular cooperation in the future. In this regard, I would like to thank you once again for the good talks during your visit to Vienna last September," Alexander Van der Bellen said in his congratulatory letter. In a phone conversation with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on August 24, Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett congratulated Ukraine on its significant anniversary. Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom also congratulated the President on the Independence Day of Ukraine. "I hope that after a difficult year, we will be able to overcome global health challenges and move towards a better future," Her Majesty wrote. On the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine, King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden conveyed sincere congratulations and best wishes of happiness and prosperity to the people of Ukraine. In his congratulatory letter to the President of Ukraine, King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands said: “It gives me a pleasure to offer you my congratulations on the Independence Day of your country, which this year marks the 30th anniversary of its independence. Please accept my best wishes for the well-being of the people of Ukraine." His Majesty also wished the Ukrainian government and people strength, courage and health in overcoming the unprecedented challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic to the world. King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud and Crown Prince, Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Defense of Saudi Arabia Mohammad Bin Salman Al Saud also congratulated Ukraine on the anniversary. "On the occasion of celebrating the anniversary of your country's independence, we are pleased to send you, Your Excellency, our sincere congratulations and best wishes for good health and happiness, sustainable progress and prosperity for the government and people of friendly Ukraine," the King of Saudi Arabia said in a letter. In his greetings to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Arab Republic of Egypt Abdel Fattah El-Sisi conveyed to the "friendly people" of Ukraine the warmest congratulations and best wishes on the occasion of the anniversary of independence. "Reaffirming my gratitude for the long-standing friendly ties between our two friendly countries, I would like to express my sincere interest in working together to open new horizons for joint cooperation in all sectors for the future development and progress of our two friendly peoples," the letter reads. The warmest congratulations on the occasion of Independence Day and wishes to the friendly Ukrainian people of further progress and prosperity were addressed to Volodymyr Zelenskyy by King Mohammed VI of Morocco. "I appreciate the special relationship based on the close friendship and mutual respect of our countries. We in the Kingdom of Morocco hope to strengthen these ties and bring our cooperation to a new level that meets the aspirations of our peoples," His Majesty's letter said. On behalf of the Kenyan people, President of the Republic of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta congratulated the President, the Government and the people of Ukraine on the Independence Day. "Availing myself of this opportunity, I would like to thank the Government of Ukraine for organizing on April 17, 2021 the first charter flight from Ukraine on the route Kyiv - Mombasa. This is a sign of good relations between Ukraine and Kenya as we are looking for ways to intensify trade and tourism cooperation," Uhuru Kenyatta said in his letter. He assured of his willingness to continue strengthening joint relations between Ukraine and Kenya, which will increase the benefits of fruitful cooperation between the two countries, as well as bring it to a higher level. President of the Republic of Lebanon General Michel Aoun, President of the Republic of Benin Patrice Talon, Captains Regent of the Republic of San Marino Gian Carlo Venturini and Marco Nicolini as well as leaders of other countries also sent their congratulations on the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine