8 captures 10 Jun 2024 - 19 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240610213452/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/50-krayin-priyednalisya-do-iniciativi-oleni-zelenskoyi-ukray-91425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news 50 Countries Have Joined Olena Zelenska's Ukrainian Bookshelf Initiative 10 June 2024 - 14:51 We Are Preparing New Agreements for Ukraine with European Partners, in Particular with Germany – Address by the President 9 June 2024 - 20:46 Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official Visit of the President of Ukraine to France 6 June 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife 50 Countries Have Joined Olena Zelenska's Ukrainian Bookshelf Initiative 10 June 2024 - 14:51 Costa Rica has become the 50th country to join the Ukrainian Bookshelf project of the First Lady of Ukraine. This was announced by Olena Zelenska. The National Library in San José will receive about 20 books by different Ukrainian authors in Ukrainian, Spanish and English. This is the first Ukrainian bookshelf in Central America. The opening of the shelf was attended by the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Iryna Borovets, who is on a working visit to Costa Rica; the Ambassador of Ukraine to Mexico (accredited in Costa Rica), Oksana Dramaretska; the Director of the Library Laura Rodríguez Amador; and representatives of the Ukrainian community in Costa Rica, including the Ukrainian Association for Cultural Promotion in Costa Rica and the Association of Ukrainians in Costa Rica. “More than 50,000 books on 200 shelves of the project are presented in libraries of Europe, Asia, Africa, and both Americas, providing our friends with knowledge about us and helping Ukrainians – who are far away – to communicate with their homeland. The books are also part of the liberation struggle against the Russian invaders, telling the truth about Ukraine, our culture, and history,” the First Lady emphasized. She also praised the opening of a new Ukrainian bookshelf in Slovakia, in the Regional Library in Žilina, which is already the 10th bookshelf in the country. In Poland, the Raczyński Main Library in Poznań has also joined the project. In Montenegro, our bookshelf was installed in the library of the University of Donja Gorica. In Bulgaria, the National Library of St. St. Cyril and Methodius now has more than 70 Ukrainian books. In addition, the shelves of the library in Bern, Switzerland, have been supplemented with children's fiction. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine