8 captures 15 Jun 2023 - 16 Oct 2025 May JUN Jul 15 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230615015831/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/koli-ruyini-znikayut-prograye-ne-prosto-agresor-sama-ideya-a-83601 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When the ruins disappear, it is not just the aggressor who loses, but the very idea of aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 14 June 2023 - 23:19 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Timothy Barrow 14 June 2023 - 23:38 When the ruins disappear, it is not just the aggressor who loses, but the very idea of aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 14 June 2023 - 23:19 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Chief Advisor to the President of the Federal Republic of Brazil 14 June 2023 - 09:07 Together with our partners, we must ensure such physical conditions that make Russian terror impossible - address by the President of Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 22:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada in Kyiv 10 June 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches When the ruins disappear, it is not just the aggressor who loses, but the very idea of aggression - address by the President of Ukraine 14 June 2023 - 23:19 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! I have just spoken with President of Poland Andrzej Duda - an hour-long conversation, primarily on security issues. The current situation on the battlefield, weapons for our military, and ammunition. I thanked him for the fulfillment of previous defense agreements. Of course, in every conversation we pay considerable attention to long-term security and peace guarantees, and not only for us. And always effectively. Poland is quite realistic about the need for Ukraine's membership in NATO. And this is an objective need. We are jointly developing a concrete content for the NATO Summit in Vilnius. This is exactly the moment when Russian assumptions that someone in NATO is still afraid of Russia must be completely shattered. Such assumptions fuel Russia's aggressive ambitions. We must and can neutralize them. We thank Poland for its support for Ukraine and the real strengthening of NATO. Not only today, but throughout the week, we have been preparing very substantively for the Ukraine Recovery Conference to be held in London next week. This will be a significant event, very representative, which will unite both political and business efforts to restore our country and normal life for our people. The key Ukrainian principle is simple and fair, namely: no ruins will be left in Ukraine. We will rebuild everything, restore everything, and we know exactly what steps need to be taken in what timeframe and with what forces to defeat Russian aggression and rebuild our country. When the ruins disappear, it is not just the aggressor who loses, but the idea of aggression itself. And it will happen. Every day, in preparation for this London conference, we hold long and thorough preparatory meetings - all the necessary state institutions are involved, at different levels. And we are doing everything to ensure that the appropriate level of international agreements is prepared for our vision, the Ukrainian vision, which is, as always, meaningful. We continue our communication with partners on Russian missile production. Today, Russian savages launched another missile attack on Odesa with Kalibr missiles. Dozens of components of these Kalibr missiles were supplied to Russia from other countries. Obviously, each such supply route is a way to strengthen terror. The world has the tools to cut off all such routes - from every country, from every company whose components are used by Russian missile manufacturers Today, I signed new decrees to honor our warriors with state awards, including the servicemen of the Air Force, our air defense, those heroes who save the lives of our people every night, every day. Also, our intelligence officers and servicemen of the Armed Forces - combat brigades and units - were awarded. In total, 331 warriors. 331 heroic lives. Please always remember that all of us in Ukraine owe our lives to those who stood up to defend the lives of our people and our independence. Respect for our warriors, respect for the families of our warriors, respect for the wives and husbands of all those who have stood up to defend the state is a must. Gratitude to these people is a must. Ukraine knows how to be grateful, and it should be shown every day. I thank everyone who is fighting and working for our victory. I am especially grateful to everyone who is currently fighting in the east and south of our country, opening up strategic space for Ukraine, space for movement to victory. I thank all those who are now on the offensive and on the defensive, who are storming the occupiers' positions and repelling their attacks. Thank you all, warriors, for your bravery, for your resilience and for every meter of progress! Glory to our heroes! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine