1 capture 27 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240927094842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-09-2023&date-to=26-09-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska Met with Actor Michael Douglas 13 September 2024 - 20:48 Special attention was paid to the results of the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, where Michael and Dylan Douglas became special guests of the panel “Child Safety in the Family.” In Total, We Have Managed to Return 3569 Ukrainians from Captivity – Address by the President 13 September 2024 - 20:31 First of all – our gratitude to our warriors, combat units, which replenish the exchange fund for our state. Thanks to this work, representatives of Ukraine and our exchange team are able to free our people from Russian captivity. Ukraine Must Achieve a Just Peace and Be an Important Element of the Future Global Security Structure – Andriy Yermak 13 September 2024 - 19:51 Ukraine's efforts are now aimed at bringing the war to a just end and forming a reliable global security architecture, in which it will play one of the key roles. This was stated by the Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, during his participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting. We Need Permission to Use Long-Range Weapons; I Hope the U.S. Political Community Understands This Clearly – the President at the Meeting with Mike Pompeo 13 September 2024 - 17:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of expanding military assistance and joint development of defense technologies, as well as increasing sanctions pressure on Russia and its allies – Iran and North Korea. The President Discussed the Importance of Accelerating Ukraine's Accession to the EU and NATO with the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania and Poland 13 September 2024 - 17:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania and Poland Gabrielius Landsbergis and Radosław Sikorski. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Boris Johnson in Kyiv 13 September 2024 - 16:55 The Head of State thanked Boris Johnson for his attention to Ukraine, leadership in securing the necessary international assistance in 2022 and active public advocacy in support of our country. Implementation of the Peace Formula and Preparations for the Second Peace Summit: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the President of the Foundation Council of the Munich Security Conference 13 September 2024 - 16:30 The Head of State emphasized the important role of the Conference in finding ways to overcome the challenges facing Ukraine, Europe and the world. The President: Ukraine Needs Long-Range Capability, Sufficient Enough to Change the Course of the War and Make Russia Seek Peace 13 September 2024 - 15:30 Ukraine is hoping for results from its partners on long-range capability. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the 20th Yalta European Strategy Meeting. The War Must Become Significantly Harder for Russia – President's Speech at the Opening of the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 I want to highlight once again: sufficient. Sufficient not to simply say that there is a decision, but to really change the course of the war and make Russia seek peace. And we are really counting on our partners, hoping for results from our partners. Lithuanian President Honored Andriy Yermak with the Order of the Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas 13 September 2024 - 10:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda. During the meeting, they discussed Lithuania's and partners’ support in Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine