1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033002/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=53 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Presidents of Ukraine and Poland hold bilateral meeting in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 19:32 Zelenskyy expressed gratitude for the defense assistance that Poland provides to our country. The President of Ukraine also highly appreciated Warsaw's leadership in creating a tank coalition and active participation in the coalition of fighters, in particular, the willingness to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with presidents of Poland, Lithuania in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 18:34 At the meeting, the leaders of the three countries discussed the entire range of current security issues. Zelenskyy briefed his colleagues on the active actions of the Ukrainian troops at the front, which make it possible to liberate our land step by step. The parties discussed preparations for the NATO summit in Vilnius. The victorious Ukraine will be a country worthy of its heroes - President's speech at the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada on the occasion of the 27th anniversary of the adoption of the Constitution 28 June 2023 - 17:07 In pursuance of these provisions of the Constitution of Ukraine, I would like to propose today for discussion, a nationwide discussion, the main guidelines for the future Ukrainian Doctrine. We need a common vision of what the victorious Ukraine should be like. On 27th anniversary of Ukraine's Constitution President proposes reference points of future Ukrainian Doctrine for discussion, presents state awards 28 June 2023 - 16:16 "We will create a new and much stronger Ukraine! Let's all decide together what kind of winner Ukraine will be. Just as we protect freedom and independence together," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy commemorates Hetman Pylyp Orlyk on Ukraine's Constitution Day 28 June 2023 - 14:49 In particular, the Head of State laid flowers at the Hetman's monument at the intersection of Lypska and Pylyp Orlyk streets in Kyiv. Every war ends in peace, but this peace must be on terms that are fair to us - Andriy Yermak in the Amanpour program on the President's Peace Formula 28 June 2023 - 11:59 The Ukrainian Peace Formula is a comprehensive set of solutions, the implementation of which will allow achieving sustainable and just peace in Ukraine, as well as creating a framework for security around the world based on the principles of the UN Charter and international law. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during his participation in the Amanpour program on CNN. Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media 28 June 2023 - 09:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media to discuss negotiations on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Every manifestation of terror proves to the whole world that Russia deserves only defeat and a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 27 June 2023 - 23:11 Glory to our heroes! Thank you to everyone in the world who is not afraid of Russian terrorists and is restoring security in the world together with us! Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Norway 27 June 2023 - 20:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed Jonas Gahr Støre on his recent trip to the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia regions, spoke about the current situation on the battlefield and the daily steps to de-occupy Ukrainian territory. First Lady presented a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the National Museum of Australia 27 June 2023 - 10:41 In Ukrainian, the museum offers a guided tour of the exhibition "Feared and Revered: Feminine Power Through the Ages". 1 2 ... 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine