19 captures 08 Feb 2022 - 09 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214195926/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-portali-diya-zapracyuvav-rozdil-diya-biznes-bez-baryeriv-72737 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The "Diia. Business without Barriers" section was launched on the "Diia" portal, and “Diia. Barrier-free” is coming soon 8 February 2022 - 13:02 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a large-scale Diia Summit event, during which she spoke about the new options of the Diia public services portal in the barrier-free direction. The event was organized by the Ministry of Digital Transformation. The summit was opened by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He spoke about the achievements in two years of digitization of the country, thanks to which key public services can now be received with a smartphone. In her speech, the First Lady noted that thanks to the Diia portal, Ukrainians felt freedom of action where there were days of waiting and a lot of time spent. "Public services in one click is a way to a society of equal opportunities, where everyone is comfortable. This is what we want, what we call a state without barriers - where there are no age, gender restrictions or barriers related to health," she said. Olena Zelenska reminded that Diia is already involved in the formation of a culture of barrier-free environment - two years ago the "Business without Barriers" community appeared, and its members, large Ukrainian and international companies, decided to share their experience on the Diia portal. It includes successful cases of barrier-free business in the country: how to create jobs and integrate people with disabilities into the team, how to overcome age and gender restrictions, organize conditions for equal parenthood. The President's wife presented a separate “Diia. Business without Barriers” page, where such cases will be collected from now on. The First Lady also announced another section - "Diia. Barrier-free". "We are now implementing a barrier-free environment at all levels, from ramp construction to job availability. And it is very important that a barrier-free environment is implemented on a digital level as well,” she said. This is not just a section. Its goal is to simplify communication with the state for the elderly, people with disabilities and other groups for whom public services were not always convenient and friendly," said Olena Zelenska. For these groups information on how to get benefits, services, documents, assistance, learn about your rights and opportunities will be presented in a proper way. "We would like the “Diia. Barrier-free” to become a bridge, and in this case it is appropriate to say – a convenient ramp between online and offline services of the state for those who need it. So Diia will become even more effective. And there will be fewer obstacles and barriers in the country," the First Lady concluded. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady in the third Diia Summit 8 February 2022 - 12:58 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady in the third Diia Summit 8 February 2022 - 12:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine