1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041643/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva is on a working visit to the Czech Republic scheduled for May 16-18. Olena Zelenska had a phone conversation with the First Lady of Israel 17 May 2022 - 20:14 The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleague and the people of Israel for their support and humanitarian aid for our country. 7,000 Ukrainians have already received medical care from Israeli doctors. The presidential couple took part in the farewell ceremony for Leonid Kravchuk 17 May 2022 - 14:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena took part in the farewell ceremony for President of Ukraine in 1991-1994 Leonid Kravchuk. The ceremony took place at the Ukrainian House in Kyiv. Ukraine needs Ukrainian heroes alive - this is our principle - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 May 2022 - 00:17 The operation to rescue the defenders of Mariupol was started by our military and intelligence officers. To bring the boys home, the work continues, and this work needs delicacy. And time. Andriy Sybiha met with the Polish delegation 16 May 2022 - 23:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha held consultations with the Polish delegation, which included Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch, Head of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister of Poland Michał Dworczyk and Ambassador of Poland to Ukraine Bartosz Cichocki. We still do not know how many Ukrainian children died in the occupied territories - President 16 May 2022 - 22:29 Ukraine still does not know how many children were killed by the Russian enemy in the temporarily occupied territories and how many young Ukrainians were forcibly deported. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with the US university community. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called on US academics to join the restoration of Ukrainian educational institutions affected by Russian aggression 16 May 2022 - 22:22 During an online conversation with the US university community, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited academics to join a program to rebuild schools and universities in Ukraine, as Russia destroyed thousands of Ukrainian educational institutions during the full-scale invasion. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to American students during online communication with the US university community 16 May 2022 - 20:52 What is Russia doing now? It is trying to set a precedent. If it manages to break the statehood of the neighboring nation, other states will do the same. What is Ukraine doing now with its partners? Trying to set another precedent. So that all the aggressors in the world once and for all see that the war will create the biggest problems for them - for the aggressors. Andriy Yermak discussed with Jakub Kumoch the security and economic support for Ukraine from Poland 16 May 2022 - 19:22 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch. President and the IMF Managing Director discussed the support of Ukraine's economy during the war 16 May 2022 - 18:48 The President called on the IMF to actively participate in the development of Ukraine's post-war reconstruction program. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine