8 captures 08 Jun 2023 - 23 Feb 2026 May JUN Jul 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230608073628/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vidkrila-u-harkovi-pamyatnik-dityam-yaki-zagi-83393 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos International organizations, such as the ICRC, must immediately join the rescue of people in the occupied part of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2023 - 22:43 View all videos n latest news International organizations, such as the ICRC, must immediately join the rescue of people in the occupied part of Kherson region – address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2023 - 22:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Emmanuel Macron 7 June 2023 - 19:35 An immediate and maximum global response to Russian terror is needed – address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Russian ecocide caused by the blasting of the Kakhovka HPP 7 June 2023 - 00:00 The disaster at the Kakhovka HPP caused by Russian terrorists will not stop Ukraine and Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 June 2023 - 22:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Communication of the President of Ukraine with media representatives on Journalist's Day 6 June 2023 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska opens a monument to children killed as a result of Russian armed aggression in Kharkiv 4 June 2023 - 16:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska honored the memory of children killed as a result of Russia's armed aggression in Kharkiv. On the International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression, which is marked annually on June 4, a monument to children killed because of the armed aggression of the Russian Federation was unveiled in the city with the assistance of the Office of the First Lady, the Head of the Kharkiv Regional Military Administration Oleh Syniehubov, volunteers and the public. It was created by sculptor Mykhailo Yatchenko. The event was also attended by representatives of the diplomatic corps. "It is difficult to unveil monuments to the dead, especially if these dead are children. Because children must live. I recall now a photo that was spread all over the media: a father holding the hand of his son who died at a bus stop. It was in Kharkiv after another Russian shelling. It is impossible to forget this. And it is impossible to accept it. Parents hold the hands of their children when they take their first steps, when they first go to kindergarten or school. The worst thing you can imagine is holding the hand of a dead child. It just shouldn't be this way. Children must live!" the President's wife said at the unveiling of the monument. The First Lady emphasized that in the twenty-first century, we have to tell the world about the need to protect Ukrainian children from extermination. At the same time, Russia's criminal actions are a threat to all children in the world. "Our children are our responsibility. They depend on us, they rely on us. They trust us. If they are our future, we are their present. Let's make it the best, safest, most loving one even in times of war. And let us keep the memory of those children to whom this monument is dedicated. Let's become their voices and memory," Olena Zelenska urged. As of May 30, 76 children were killed by the invaders in Kharkiv region, and 485 in Ukraine in total. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine