32 captures 11 Aug 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. Collection: top_domains-00500 TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230811183547/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/keruvati-sistemoyu-tck-mayut-lyudi-yaki-tochno-znayut-sho-ta-84825 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Ukrainian Youth Forum "Recovery in Unity!" 11 August 2023 - 19:45 View all videos n latest news Ukraine has started negotiations with the United Kingdom on a bilateral agreement on security commitments 11 August 2023 - 20:00 We are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine remains a guarantor of food security and has access to global markets - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 17:10 President of Ukraine and President of Zambia discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula and prolongation of the "grain corridor" 11 August 2023 - 15:33 People who know exactly what war is should run the system of territorial recruitment centers - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 14:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches People who know exactly what war is should run the system of territorial recruitment centers - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 14:15 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I have just held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council. A special one. The key issue was the results of the inspection of the "military commissars". Reports were delivered by the State Bureau of Investigation, the Security Service of Ukraine, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Prosecutor General, the National Agency on Corruption Prevention, and the National Anti-Corruption Bureau. Comprehensively. In total, there are already 112 criminal proceedings against officials of the territorial recruitment centers. 33 suspects. Regional, city and district "military commissars". Employees of the military medical commissions. Other officials. Abuses in different regions: Donetsk, Poltava, Vinnytsia, Odesa, Kyiv, Lviv. Some took cash, some took cryptocurrency - that's the only difference. The cynicism is the same everywhere. Illicit enrichment, legalization of illegally obtained funds, illegal benefit, illegal transportation of persons liable for military service across the border. Our decisions are the following. We are dismissing all regional "military commissars". This system should be run by people who know exactly what war is and why cynicism and bribery in times of war constitute treason. Instead, warriors who have gone through the frontline or who cannot be in the trenches because they have lost their health, lost their limbs, but have retained their dignity and have no cynicism are the ones who can be entrusted with this system of recruitment. This decision is to be implemented by Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny. The new heads of territorial recruitment centers will be vetted by the Security Service of Ukraine before their appointment. Every "military commissar" against whom there is a criminal investigation will be held to account. Absolutely fair. In full. If the dismissed "military commissars" and other officials wearing shoulder marks against whom no evidence of crimes or violations has been found want to keep their shoulder marks and prove their dignity, they should go to the war front. However, I emphasize that the army is not and will never be a substitute for criminal punishment. Officials who confused their shoulder marks with profits will definitely stand trial. The issue of the military medical commissions. Now this system is not working decently. The way they treat warriors, the way they treat their duties... It's just immoral. In two weeks, the National Security and Defense Council will hold a meeting on this issue. Inspections are underway, proposals are being prepared. Decisions will also be made. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine