1 capture 03 Aug 2024 Jul AUG Sep 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240803134053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-07-2023&date-to=31-07-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing New and Absolutely Modern Solutions for Our Warriors – Address by the President 2 August 2024 - 18:58 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Foreign Funds Have Started to Work Noticeably and Effectively in Defense Production, and This Is a Great Achievement for Us – President's Address 25 July 2024 - 20:18 I am grateful to everyone working at our defense enterprises, in our defense industry. It is evident that the sector is becoming entirely different—stronger and more efficient. Andriy Yermak: We Must Expand the Influence of Ukrainian Cultural Products Worldwide 25 July 2024 - 19:41 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video meeting with leaders of national cultural institutions, artistic directors, directors, actors, singers, musicians, and producers. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan Discussed Energy Infrastructure Restoration and Ukrainian Military Needs. 25 July 2024 - 10:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. The President: Participation of Ukrainian Athletes in the Olympic Games is a Great Victory for Our State 24 July 2024 - 21:02 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a video meeting with the athletes who will represent our country at the XXXIII Summer Olympic Games in Paris and their coaches. Ukraine Will Get Everything It Needs to Withstand and Achieve Its Goals – Address by the President 24 July 2024 - 20:02 Ukraine will get everything it needs to withstand and achieve its goals. Today, there were several reports that contributed to a clearer understanding of both tasks and needs. Presidential Office Held a Discussion with International Partners on Assistance to Ukraine’s Energy Sector 24 July 2024 - 19:39 Deputy Heads of the Office of the President Oleksiy Kuleba and Rostyslav Shurma held a regular briefing on overcoming energy challenges. Second Ukrainian-Language Audio Guide Now Available in Cyprus – Olena Zelenska 24 July 2024 - 14:26 Visitors can now listen to a Ukrainian-language tour at the A. G. Leventis Gallery, located in the capital of Cyprus, Nicosia. Previously, a Ukrainian-language audio guide was introduced at the Archaeological Museum. Over Time, Ukraine Should Achieve Maximum Defense Independence – Address by the President 23 July 2024 - 20:30 Our task is to ensure by all means and with all our strength the constant effective destruction of Russian troops, their logistics and their important positions not only directly on the frontline, but also in all available depths. But while we are waiting for our partners' decisions, we are looking for our own solutions, our own options. Support from the United States and Implementation of the Peace Formula Points: Andriy Yermak Had a Telephone Conversation with Phil Gordon 23 July 2024 - 18:40 Andriy Yermak and Phil Gordon discussed the further support for Ukraine from the United States, the results of the first Peace Summit and the implementation of the Peace Formula points. The President of Ukraine Met with the Secretary of State of the Holy See 23 July 2024 - 16:11 The President of Ukraine and the Secretary of State of the Vatican paid special attention to the decisions of the first Peace Summit in Switzerland and the role of the Holy See in building a just and sustainable peace for Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 187 188 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine