16 captures 19 Jul 2022 - 03 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220719123008/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-rozpochala-vizit-do-ssha-76537 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Provide information and emotional support to our people in the occupied areas, tell them about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2022 - 22:42 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska started her visit to the United States 19 July 2022 - 10:01 Provide information and emotional support to our people in the occupied areas, tell them about Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 July 2022 - 22:37 Actions and inaction of every official in the security sector and in the law enforcement agencies will be evaluated - address by the President of Ukraine 17 July 2022 - 22:30 Russia's missiles, artillery not to be able to break our unity, to throw us off our path – address of President of Ukraine 16 July 2022 - 21:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska started her visit to the United States 19 July 2022 - 10:01 As part of her visit to the United States of America, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is visiting Washington at the invitation of First Lady of the United States Jill Biden. "Mrs. Biden visited Ukraine in May in order to see and communicate with those who lost their homes and loved ones due to the war. Now it's my turn to speak in the US about Ukrainian needs in our resistance and fight against the aggressor," said Olena Zelenska, starting the visit. The First Lady of Ukraine held a meeting with United States Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Olena Zelenska visited the Memorial to the Victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 in Ukraine in Washington downtown established at the expense of philanthropists, the government of Ukraine and the Ukrainian diaspora in 2015. She met there with representatives of the Ukrainian community in the US. "Visiting this place, which resonates so much with our tragic present, where Russia is trying to destroy Ukraine once again, I faced a true ray of light - a meeting with the Ukrainian community in the USA. These are people who, even thousands of kilometers from their homeland, remember who they are, know the language, who voluntarily responded to the Russian attack in the first ranks and rushed to help their homeland and compatriots," said Olena Zelenska. On the first day of the visit, she also met with USAID Administrator Samantha Power. "I was glad to meet our great friend, Mrs. Samantha, especially in the context of the fact that her agency, USAID, is one of the main partners of Ukraine in the matter of supporting people. In particular, it is about psychological assistance in the framework of our National Program of Mental Assistance and Psychosocial Support. Together, we must return to Ukrainians the strength and will to live," said the First Lady of Ukraine. Olena Zelenska also held a meeting with the participants of the Prosthetics Program, which was initiated by the Ukrainian House in Washington and the Embassy of Ukraine in the USA. It was created specifically for Ukrainians who lost their limbs as a result of Russian aggression. Olena Zelenska told about the first citizens of Ukraine who took advantage of this help, the Stepanenko family from Kramatorsk: "Natalia Stepanenko with her 11-year-old twins Yana and Yaroslav were at the station in Kramatorsk and tried to evacuate on the very day when a Russian missile flew there... Nataia lost a leg, Yana - both. Now the family is in the USA - Natalia is already getting used to the new prosthesis, and Yana is preparing for the upcoming prosthetics surgery." The First Lady emphasized that the program continues. The Ukrainian House and the Embassy collect information from the Ministry of Health about children who suffered mine and explosive injuries. After the determination of the medical institution that will receive the family in the USA and a meeting between Ukrainian and American doctors, transportation and prosthetics take place. "I believe that together we will return the childhood that the Russians took away from our children," Olena Zelenska summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine