6 captures 17 Jun 2023 - 12 Sep 2025 May JUN Jul 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230617000611/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nashe-vijsko-sogodni-staye-she-micnishim-ishe-silnishoyu-sta-83645 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:57 View all videos n latest news Each of our soldiers, each new step, each meter of Ukrainian land freed from the enemy is the most important thing – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 June 2023 - 22:54 No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 President addressed the graduates of the National Defense University: Our army is becoming stronger, our Ukrainian state is becoming stronger 16 June 2023 - 15:54 Andriy Yermak met with the Special Envoy for the Implementation of EU Sanctions 16 June 2023 - 09:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The meeting of the President of Ukraine with a delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 20:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President addressed the graduates of the National Defense University: Our army is becoming stronger, our Ukrainian state is becoming stronger 16 June 2023 - 15:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine. This year, this higher military educational institution has trained 317 graduates of strategic, operational and tactical levels of training. Addressing the graduating officers, the Head of State emphasized that today the Ukrainian army is becoming stronger, and our state of Ukraine is becoming stronger with it. "Your graduation takes place in difficult and crucial times for our country. At a time when we are engaged in a full-scale and fierce fight against Russian enemies, Russian invaders. At a time when Ukraine and each of us, each Ukrainian, is taking important steps. Every person makes millions of steps in his or her life, but only a few of them are decisive for fate and history," the President emphasized. He emphasized that the majority of today's graduates know exactly what war is, as some of them stood up to defend Ukraine nine years ago, and some - 478 days ago. So they came to the university classrooms with extensive combat experience, and after today's graduation they will go back to the front. "You are a special generation of Ukrainian officers, you are the basis for further development of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Together with your combat brothers-in-arms, you are creating our modern history with new victories and new heroes. On behalf of the Ukrainian state, I thank you for your service to Ukraine!" Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The attendees observed a minute of silence in memory of all those who gave their lives defending Ukraine. According to the Head of State, the current generation, including the graduates of the National Defense University of Ukraine, faces a dangerous but, without exaggeration, sacred mission - to liberate our native Ukrainian land from Russian invaders, to liberate every city and village, to make extremely difficult, extremely dangerous and extremely crucial steps in life. "In fact, these are three global steps, and I want to wish you that all of them will be successful for you and for our Ukraine. The first step is a step forward. A step on the offensive. A step to destroy the enemy. A step to liberate Ukraine. A step towards freedom. A step towards victory. I wish you that this step will be decisive and successful for all of you. The second step is a step home. The step of the winners to their homes. The step of the winners to their families, to their friends and loved ones. I wish this step of yours to meet the most important principle: return with victory, return alive. And the third step. Our common step. A step towards the future. A step towards rebuilding and restoring our entire Ukrainian land. A step for our children and grandchildren, for future generations. A step towards the victory and prosperity of Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President assured the warriors of his full support in the noble cause of defending Ukraine. "Always and everywhere be brave and take care of your soldiers. Always and everywhere, take care of the honor of your units, believe in yourself, believe in Ukraine and know that Ukraine believes in you," the Head of State urged. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also praised the staff of the National Defense University of Ukraine, which trains top-level warriors and develops human capital in all components of the state's defense and security sector in accordance with best practices and standards compatible with the educational programs of partner countries. Currently, the National Defense University trains specialists in six fields of knowledge in ten specialties and 52 educational programs in seven institutes and 12 educational and research centers. "More than a thousand students and officers of the university's permanent staff have performed and continue to perform combat missions, protecting the state from the enemy. 64 officers of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and 4 officers of the National Guard who studied here have the honorary title of Hero of Ukraine. I am grateful to everyone who is preparing a new generation of Ukrainian military commanders," the Head of State noted. After the speech, the President presented diplomas with distinction and badges for excellent graduation from a higher military educational institution to 15 officers - graduates of strategic and operational levels of training (5 people received badges, 10 - diplomas with distinction). The graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine was also attended by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces Valerii Zaluzhny, and Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov. The Head of State also observed the exhibition project "Steel Canvases" at the National Defense University of Ukraine. v Videos ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the festivities on the occasion of the graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine 16 June 2023 - 14:30 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the festivities on the occasion of the graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine 16 June 2023 - 14:30 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine