7 captures 08 Sep 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240908010019/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dodatkovi-zasobi-ppo-ta-dalekobijnist-prezident-ukrayini-zus-93053 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Throughout the Fall, Everyone in Their Position Must Deliver Tangible Results – Address by the President 5 September 2024 - 20:29 View all videos n latest news Ukraine Is Committed to Cooperation and Fulfills All Obligations to the IMF – Iryna Mudra 7 September 2024 - 14:11 The President Met with the Leader of the Dutch Party for Freedom Geert Wilders 7 September 2024 - 13:15 Support for Ukraine, Implementation of the Peace Formula and Reconstruction: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Giorgia Meloni 7 September 2024 - 12:34 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Italian Business Representatives Discussed Cooperation with Ukrainian Companies 7 September 2024 - 08:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Additional Air Defense Systems and Long-Range Capabilities: The President of Ukraine Met with the U.S. Secretary of Defense 6 September 2024 - 15:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin during the Ukraine Defense Contact Group meeting in the Ramstein format. “We are grateful for your clear stance on continuing to provide all necessary military support and for the leadership of the United States in the Ramstein format. This is the key to success on the battlefield,” noted the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the President of the United States for the announced $250 million military aid package. The parties discussed its contents and other needs of the Ukrainian Defense Forces. The President also emphasized that Ukraine needs permission to use Western long-range weapons against military targets on Russian territory. The President noted that due to the increased missile and bomb terror against Ukrainians and critical infrastructure by Russia Ukraine is in urgent need of additional air defense systems. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Lloyd Austin discussed how to expedite the delivery of military aid from already approved support packages and the expansion of training missions for Ukrainian pilots on F-16s. The President also called on the U.S. to invest in Ukrainian weapons production. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 6 September 2024 - 12:38 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 6 September 2024 - 12:38 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine