13 captures 09 Mar 2022 - 22 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309031604/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mihajlo-podolyak-pro-rosijske-vtorgnennya-vijska-rf-ne-zdobu-73193 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Mykhailo Podolyak on the Russian invasion: Russian troops have not gained any operational and tactical advantage in Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 09:30 The Armed Forces of the Russian Federation have not gained any operational and tactical advantage over the past 24 hours, which indicates that Ukraine is winning. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak. "We understood that tonight would be difficult, because Russia planned to use and used all its resources and reserves to inflict maximum damage on us in the maximum number of our cities. I will say at once that this did not happen - the Armed Forces of Ukraine together with the National Police of Ukraine completely control the whole situation and the territory of our state," he stressed. According to the Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, heavy fighting continues in the south in the cities of Kherson, Mykolaiv and Odesa. Russia considers this direction a priority. "They wanted to establish themselves there, but there is no hint that they succeeded," said Mykhailo Podoliak. Also, according to him, the direction of Kyiv remains a priority for Russia, as the goal of the special operation of the Russian Federation is to destroy the political and military leadership of Ukraine. "For this reason, there was an attempt to draw the maximum amount of equipment and forces of the Russian Armed Forces to the city of Kyiv. At the moment, we can say the following: the situation in the city and on the outskirts of the city is under control," said the Adviser to the Head of the President's Office. He added that there are some enemy subversive reconnaissance units against which the police and representatives of the Territorial Defense Forces are actively working. In addition, the Armed Forces are actively working on the outskirts of Kyiv. According to Mykhailo Podoliak, fierce fighting continues around the city of Mariupol in the southern direction. "But there is no chance that Mariupol will side with the Russian Federation or be captured by the Russian armed forces at the moment," he said. In addition, according to the Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President, air alarms are constantly working in many cities of the country, because the Russian army uses missile artillery and aircraft for direct strikes on Ukrainian cities. "However, as of 7 am, February 26, despite the amount of resources and reserves that were thrown into the active offensive of the Russian Federation, the armed forces of this country did not receive any operational and tactical advantage. This shows that Ukraine has not just survived - Ukraine is winning" he said. Mykhailo Podoliak stressed that Ukraine's defense is actively carried out by the Armed Forces, the National Police and the Territorial Defense. "People know how to defend their country. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is working on a regular basis. Today, as in the last two days, he will hold a series of important talks with representatives of our Western partners in order to form the most effective coalition against the Russian Federation," he said. The Adviser to the Head of the President's Office noted that the country is controlled, and this is very important, because the enemy uses a lot of disinformation to make Ukrainians lose faith in their victory. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine