1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031442/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President visits evacuation point for victims of Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant destruction in Kherson 8 June 2023 - 11:56 In Kherson, the Head of State also visited one of the points of evacuation from the flooded territories. President held a meeting on the liquidation of consequences of the explosion of the Kakhovka HPP dam in Kherson 8 June 2023 - 11:44 The President instructed to fairly calculate the losses and allocate funds to compensate the residents affected by the disaster. In addition, the Head of State instructed to develop a program to compensate for losses or relocate enterprises within Kherson region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Emmanuel Macron 7 June 2023 - 19:35 The President of Ukraine informed the President of France on the current situation in Kherson region affected as a result of blowing up the dam at the Kakhovka HPP by Russian invaders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia's withdrawal from this war should not be at the expense of Ukraine 6 June 2023 - 20:24 The discussion of the future of the Russian Federation by world leaders is a positive signal, but any scenario cannot be realized at the expense of Ukraine. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives on the occasion of Journalist's Day. Ukraine will start preparing infrastructure for F-16 after the final decision of the partner countries, but there is already an understanding of what to do and where – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 June 2023 - 20:04 As the Head of State noted, during his recent visit to Moldova to participate in the Summit of the European Political Community, he had a very important meeting with the leaders of the countries who confirmed their readiness to provide Ukraine with F-16 aircraft. Now we still need a joint agreement with the United States. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Those who still have certain levers of influence on Russia can contribute to the return of Ukrainian children and the release of Ukrainian civilians from captivity 6 June 2023 - 19:18 The issue of releasing Ukrainian civilians from Russian captivity is more complicated than the exchange of prisoners of war, so in this process, our state counts on the help of the international community, which can force Russia to release Ukrainian captives. President: Russia must bear criminal responsibility for the consequences of blasting Kakhovka HPP structures 6 June 2023 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Russia must bear criminal responsibility for the ecocide provoked by blowing up the structures of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. The Head of State said this during a press conference in Kyiv. President handed over the Gold Star Orders to the families of the fallen Heroes of Ukraine and presented other state awards 6 June 2023 - 16:58 “Today, in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine, we have different people. Different, but the lives of them all have become part of the life of our Ukraine. Our warriors, the families of our warriors, and people of different professions who work hard and effectively for the sake of our country and the protection of our people. In particular, war correspondents, whom I would like to particularly honor today, on Journalists' Day,” the Head of State said. President of Ukraine met with Special Envoy of Pope Francis 6 June 2023 - 16:18 The Head of State and the Special Envoy of Pope Francis discussed the situation in our country and humanitarian cooperation between Ukraine and the Holy See in the framework of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. President of Ukraine held an emergency meeting of the National Security and Defense Council on the situation at the Kakhovka HPP 6 June 2023 - 11:45 Instructions were given to evacuate civilians from the endangered areas and to provide drinking water to settlements dependent on the Kakhovka reservoir. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine