8 captures 05 Feb 2021 - 18 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215095037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-naradu-shodo-likvidaciyi-nadzvichajnoy-66281 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting to eliminate the emergency situation caused by worsened weather conditions 29 January 2021 - 15:49 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with the participation of Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, Minister for Communities and Territories Development Oleksiy Chernyshov, Acting Minister of Energy Yuriy Vitrenko, representatives of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine and Ukravtodor to eliminate the emergency situation in some regions of the country caused by worsened weather conditions and snowfall. During a meeting, the Head of State heard a report on the work carried out to ensure traffic movement on highways, in particular in Odesa and Mykolaiv regions, where the increase in snow cover is now 20-60 cm. Due to snowfall on January 28, a traffic jam of large vehicles emerged on M-05 Kyiv - Odesa highway on the section Znamyanka - Revova in the direction of the capital. Currently, two lanes in the direction of Odesa have been cleared and the traffic movement in both directions has been ensured. The work is continued. In the Mykolaiv region, the traffic movement on M-13 Kropyvnytskyi - Platonove highway is being restored. The emergency response headquarters on public roads is constantly monitoring the struggle against bad weather and changes in weather conditions. The issue of damage to the power grids due to the weather was also discussed at the meeting. Due to this damage almost 900 settlements were left without electricity in two and a half days. Currently, more than 350 settlements remain without electricity, but active work is underway to solve these problems by the end of the day. "I also ask the Prime Minister to carry out separate work on modernizing the old power grids and obtaining the appropriate equipment needed for their service. The weather can always bring surprises, but we must be ready," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine