2 captures 22 Sep 2022 - 19 Mar 2025 Aug SEP Oct 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220922000928/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-rozpochala-seriyu-rozmov-z-uchasnicyami-drugo-77221 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Debate of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 22 September 2022 - 02:16 View all videos n latest news Speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Debate of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 22 September 2022 - 02:12 Today we have 215 pieces of good news – we bring our people home – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 September 2022 - 01:49 Ukraine returned 215 people from Russian captivity, including defenders of "Azovstal" 22 September 2022 - 01:21 The wife of the President of Ukraine held meetings with the UN Secretary-General, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the First Lady of France and the UNFPA Executive Director 21 September 2022 - 18:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Events on Rescuer Day with the participation of the President 16 September 2022 - 16:14 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska started a series of conversations with the participants of the Second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 23 August 2022 - 14:16 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska conducts a series of phone and video conversations with colleagues - participants of the Second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, during which she discusses the results of the event and future steps for cooperation in humanitarian, cultural, educational projects, as well as in the field of mental and physical health. The first talks have already taken place. In particular, Olena Zelenska talked with wife of the President of the European Council Amelie Derbaudrenghien, First Lady of the Republic of Latvia Andra Levite, First Lady of Belize Rossana Maria Briceño and wife of the President of Iceland Eliza Reid. Summing up the month that has passed since the Summit was held, she emphasized that the event is still yielding important results for Ukraine. "When establishing the Summit, I wanted it to be not just an event once a year, but a permanent platform for interaction. And, as we can see, it succeeds. In the framework of the Second Summit, we have already raised about 200 million hryvnias. Donations came from 51 countries of the world through the UNITED24 platform. Thanks to charitable contributions, the Ministry of Health purchased the first 57 EMS vehicles," she said. According to the President's wife, the vehicles will soon go to the frontline regions and hot spots of the country, where they are most needed now. Tenders are ongoing. In addition to discussing the results of the Summit, during the conversation with the wife of the President of the European Council, Olena Zelenska thanked for the financial support from the EU allocated to Ukraine for humanitarian needs, as well as for the creation of logistics centers for the provision of humanitarian aid to our country in Poland, Romania and Slovakia. The First Lady of Ukraine also noted the European Commission's introduction of the medical evacuation procedure (MEDEVAC) for seriously ill patients to EU member states, which are able to accommodate and provide treatment for such patients in their medical facilities. In a conversation with First Lady of the Republic of Latvia Andra Levite, the wife of the President of Ukraine thanked for sheltering more than 35,000 Ukrainian temporary migrants in Latvia, as well as for accepting wounded military personnel for treatment and rehabilitation. The Latvian side receives two groups with a total number of 36 people: 21 wounded arrived in Riga on August 8 (treatment and rehabilitation will take place at the Riga East University Hospital); 12 people have been undergoing treatment and rehabilitation since August 15 at the Vaivari National Rehabilitation Center. In addition, Olena Zelenska noted the important help of the Republic of Latvia in the organization of summer camps in the country, where children from Ukraine have the opportunity to rest together with their Latvian peers and study the Latvian language. During the conversation with First Lady of Belize Rossana Maria Briceño, who is the head of the Spouses of CARICOM Leaders Action Network (SCLAN), the parties discussed the possibilities of cooperation and joining the efforts of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen and of the SCLAN organization. Olena Zelenska expressed sincere gratitude for the unchanging position of Belize in support of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, condemnation of Russian aggression against our state, in particular within the UN. In a conversation with wife of the President of Iceland Eliza Reid, the First Lady of Ukraine noted the active role of this state in international efforts to create conditions for punishing all those involved in Russia's crimes in Ukraine. Olena Zelenska thanked for humanitarian aid and a grant from the government of Iceland to the local company Össur to provide prostheses to victims of the war in Ukraine. "In these conversations with colleagues, it is important for me to share what we have already achieved and what we can still achieve by joining forces. After all, the title of this year's summit, "Ukraine and the World: the Future that We (Re)Build Together" does not lose its relevance," the President's wife summed up. The Second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv on July 23 in a mixed format: some participants joined via telebridges from Warsaw, Brussels, Washington and London. The main studio was located in Kyiv, on the territory of the Sophia of Kyiv National Reserve. The event was devoted to the post-war recovery of the country. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine