13 captures 11 Dec 2019 - 15 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224020148/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/do-pitannya-vidnovlennya-ukrayinoyu-povnogo-kontrolyu-nad-de-58813 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The parties will return to the issue of restoring Ukraine's full control over the state border during the next meeting in the Normandy format - President 10 December 2019 - 03:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that during the talks of the leaders of the Normandy Four in Paris, he had raised the issue of restoring Ukraine’s full control over the state border in the east. The parties will continue to discuss this issue at the next meeting in the Normandy format. "We have a completely different view with the President of the Russian Federation regarding transferring the border and when it is possible," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a meeting with the media following the Normandy summit in Paris. According to him, the Russian side insists that, according to the Minsk agreements signed by the previous President of Ukraine, the transfer of the border under the control of Ukraine should take place after the elections. “Today, I insisted on the necessity of regaining Ukraine’s full control over the state border. I am confident that we will return to this issue at the next meeting in the Normandy format in four months,” the President of Ukraine added. The Head of State expressed hope that a solution would be found in this issue. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that during the meeting he had emphasized the need to withdraw all foreign armed formations, military equipment and disarm illegal military formations in certain areas of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. "I emphasized that local elections in certain areas of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions are possible only in accordance with the legislation of Ukraine and OSCE standards based on the Copenhagen criteria," the Head of State said. As for the issue of holding local elections in the uncontrolled territories of Donbas, its discussion will be continued at the level of the Trilateral Contact Group in Minsk. "I think in four months there will be some options at the meeting," he said. "The two most difficult issues we have today are the elections and the border," the President of Ukraine summarized. ph Participation in the meeting of leaders of the countries-participants in the Normandy format 10 December 2019 - 01:17 ph Participation in the meeting of leaders of the countries-participants in the Normandy format 10 December 2019 - 01:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine