1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033038/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=65 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan 1 June 2023 - 22:07 The interlocutors paid special attention to the experience of the Republic of Azerbaijan in the issue of humanitarian demining of the de-occupied territories. President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 By the time Ukraine receives modern fighter jets from its partners, it must have the means to protect itself from Russian air attacks, so along with the creation of an aviation coalition, it is initiating the consolidation of countries to provide our state with modern air defense systems, in particular, Patriots. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the second meeting of the European Political Community in Moldova. The duty of local authorities is to ensure the availability and accessibility of shelters around the clock – address by the President of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 21:38 The situation like last night in Kyiv, when people came to the shelter and the shelter was closed, should never happen again. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Portugal in Moldova 1 June 2023 - 21:33 The Head of State expressed hope that Portugal, along with other partners, would support the coordination of a clear algorithm on Ukraine's path to NATO membership. Joint statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron 1 June 2023 - 20:45 We confirmed our readiness to develop a framework for the start of training of Ukrainian fighter pilots when it is appropriate for the Air Force of Ukraine. President of Ukraine held a multilateral meeting in Moldova in the framework of the coalition of fighter jets 1 June 2023 - 19:07 The leaders discussed practical issues related to the start of training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighter jets and other types of aircraft. The parties agreed to start this process in the near future. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Rishi Sunak in Moldova 1 June 2023 - 18:16 "I am grateful to the UK and personally to Mr. Prime Minister for the assistance provided to Ukraine. For the leadership in the creation of tank and aviation coalitions, in particular in readiness to start training Ukrainian pilots," the President of Ukraine emphasized. Joint Declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Romania Klaus Werner Iohannis on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 17:03 The President of Ukraine and the President of Romania welcome the significant achievements of Ukraine in advancing on the path of Euro-Atlantic integration; confirm their commitment to strengthen joint efforts in supporting the integration of Ukraine with the Alliance and implementation of NATO standards. President of Ukraine met with the President of Romania 1 June 2023 - 16:58 The parties emphasized the importance of increasing support for Ukraine on its path to the EU and NATO. The signing by the heads of state of a declaration of support for Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration was evidence of this clear position on the part of Romania. Olena Zelenska took part in the National Forum "Family for Every Child" 1 June 2023 - 15:59 Foster families and family-type children's homes from all over Ukraine, representatives of the Office of the Ukrainian Parliament’s Commissioner for Human Rights, the Ministry of Social Policy, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education and Science, and UNICEF joined the event via video link. 1 2 ... 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine