8 captures 25 Nov 2022 - 09 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221125200532/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-doluchilasya-do-akciyi-16-dniv-aktivizmu-prot-79433 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Europe's dependence on Russian energy resources began to decrease, and should completely vanish - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the European Idea international symposium 25 November 2022 - 12:27 View all videos n latest news Head of state inspects residential building in Vyshgorod damaged in Russian missile attack, visits Points of Invincibility 25 November 2022 - 20:18 Olena Zelenska joins 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign 25 November 2022 - 17:24 President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 25 November 2022 - 12:42 Europe's dependence on Russian energy resources began to decrease, and should completely vanish - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the European Idea international symposium 25 November 2022 - 12:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the state award ceremony on the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops 21 November 2022 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska joins 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign 25 November 2022 - 17:24 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska joined the 16 Days of Activism against Gender-Based Violence campaign, which runs worldwide from November 25 to December 10. It aims at drawing attention to this topic and calling for the prevention and elimination of all forms of gender-based violence. This year, the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), with the support of the governments of Ukraine, the UK, Canada, and the United States, organized a campaign under the "Sensitivity Overcomes Violence" slogan. In 60 cities and communities throughout Ukraine, mosaics with images of various forms of violence have been installed. The installation is made of magnets, so by taking one of them, people make the negative image gradually disappear. Instead, the phrase "Sensitivity Overcomes Violence" appears. Since the beginning of 2022, the National Police of Ukraine has received 120,000 reports on domestic violence cases. In addition, 98% of calls to the 1547 hotline for victims relate to domestic violence. "War makes us tougher, more resistant, more resilient. We get used to everyday problems, air raid alerts, we get used to making difficult decisions. But there are some things you can't get used to even during war. Especially during the war. On the contrary, it is during the war that we must become many times more attentive to the needs of others, even of people that we don't know, to their despair. And it is no less important to be attentive to your own problems. It is impossible not to pay attention to cases of cruelty and abuse, moral or physical pressure, hoping to "somehow endure" them. You can't close your eyes to what hurts. War is not an excuse for domestic evil," Zelenska said. The first lady said that Ukraine, going to Europe, has worked for years at the level of state initiatives, the educational process and civil society to combat and prevent domestic violence, school bullying, etc. And during nine months of the full-scale war, the country did not stop moving along the path of change. An example of this is Ukraine's ratification of the Istanbul Convention, which entered into force on November 1 of this year and became a new stage in the fight against violence. In addition, it is an additional instrument for the protection of temporarily displaced Ukrainians abroad. The first lady urged not to silence cases of domestic violence, but to counter them. "We are not like our enemy. We are human. We are responsive. Every day of war tests us for loyalty to these principles. And we will definitely protect them," Zelenska said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine