1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025533/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=23 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Today, being pro-Ukrainian means being pro-European and pro-Russian position is pro-terrorist 7 July 2023 - 19:22 "What are pro-Russian views? The Russians are aggressors who came to a foreign land, they attacked us, killed, and continue to kill, raped, and tortured people. How can one adhere to such views? Every person has a choice. But if someone wants to check, to see Russia on the borders of their state, how much does this check cost?" Zelenskyy said. President of Ukraine meets with Chairman of National Council of Slovakia in Bratislava 7 July 2023 - 18:38 The Head of State expressed his gratitude to the Chairman and deputies of the National Council for several decisions in support of Ukraine, in particular, regarding the recognition of the Russian regime as terrorist, and Russia as a state that supports terrorism. Ukraine and Slovakia reach such a level of cooperation that strengthens both countries in security and international affairs – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Zuzana Čaputová 7 July 2023 - 18:24 As part of his working visit to the Slovak Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the country Zuzana Čaputová. In Prague, the Head of State met with the Presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Parliament 7 July 2023 - 14:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed gratitude to the President of the Senate and the Czech people for their continued and effective support of Ukraine in repelling the armed aggression of the Russian Federation and for providing assistance to temporarily displaced Ukrainian citizens. Ukraine needs long-range weapons not only for offensive operations, but also for defense - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 July 2023 - 13:34 The President noted that in the course of negotiations with partners, he constantly emphasizes Ukraine's need for long-range weapons systems. Ukraine and the Czech Republic can significantly enhance cooperation in the military-industrial sphere, and it will be done - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Petr Fiala 7 July 2023 - 13:24 During his working visit to the Czech Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Czech Republic Petr Fiala. Memorandum on military-technical cooperation was signed in the presence of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 7 July 2023 - 11:14 The purpose of this Memorandum is to uphold military-technical cooperation, make joint efforts to support arms and ammunition production projects and other defense industry projects. President: A clear invitation to Ukraine to join NATO will demonstrate courage and strength of the entire Alliance and become its victory 7 July 2023 - 08:49 The President emphasized that Ukraine is waiting for a concrete signal regarding the invitation to join NATO. "We need this motivation. We need honesty in our relations," he explained. Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with President Petr Pavel: With their support for Ukraine, the Czech Republic and its people are really helping to bring victory closer 7 July 2023 - 01:08 During his working visit to the Czech Republic, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Czech Republic Petr Pavel. In Prague, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Petr Pavel met with a Ukrainian boy Anton Kotsko, who is undergoing treatment in the Czech Republic 6 July 2023 - 23:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy inquired about the boy's health and presented him with a stamp depicting the dog Patron with the slogan "Stronger Together". "I wish you victory and thank you for your strong faith," the Head of State noted. 1 2 ... 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine