1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025533/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=21 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska met with UNICEF Regional Director Regina De Dominicis 29 August 2023 - 12:57 The parties discussed strategic areas of cooperation between UNICEF and Ukraine. Our defense industry will yield better results - address by the President of Ukraine 28 August 2023 - 21:31 There was a separate meeting on our Ukrainian arms production. We are maximizing production capacity. Ukraine can do it. Funding is available. The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group has developed recommendations to tighten control over foreign-made components used by Russia in its UAVs 28 August 2023 - 10:48 The International Working Group on Sanctions Against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) Ambassador Michael McFaul, has examined 174 foreign components removed from three UAV models used by Russian troops on the battlefield in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The United States and the EU should share the risks of possible elections in Ukraine during the war 27 August 2023 - 19:58 Elections in Ukraine under martial law are possible only if the right to vote is ensured for all citizens, including military personnel and forced migrants abroad; funding and the presence of foreign observers at polling stations on the frontline must also be ensured. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with journalist Natalia Moseychuk. Decisions will be made this week that will further strengthen our warriors - address by the President of Ukraine 27 August 2023 - 19:43 The requests from each of the units are very clear. This is exactly what the results of Ukrainian diplomacy should be. President: Ukraine will be number one in military tech 27 August 2023 - 19:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that one of the most promising areas of Ukraine's development now and after our victory will be security-related industries and security technologies. He said this in an interview with journalist Natalia Moseychuk. Only those states have true strength that can defend their sky and honor their aviation – address by the President of Ukraine 26 August 2023 - 20:45 This year, Ukraine has to accomplish all the necessary tasks for F-16s to appear in our sky. This will be a new level of Ukrainian military aviation. And this will bring the return of civil aviation to the Ukrainian sky closer. Andriy Yermak delivered a video address to the diplomats of the world who took part in the festivities in Canada and Brazil on the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine 26 August 2023 - 15:55 The topic of the breakfast was President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and security guarantees for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak delivered a video address on the occasion of the opening of the Russian War Crimes exhibition in Bratislava 26 August 2023 - 10:06 In a video address to the audience, Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of implementing the Peace Formula of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy as the only plan capable of ensuring a just and sustainable peace on the European continent. Ukraine started negotiations with Canada on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees 25 August 2023 - 22:52 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, negotiations with Canada on a bilateral agreement on providing Ukraine with security guarantees, as envisaged by the Joint Declaration of Support for our country, have begun. The negotiations are coordinated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak. 1 2 ... 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine