46 captures 18 Jan 2023 - 12 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230120101101/http://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mobilizaciya-svitu-maye-viperediti-chergovu-mobilizaciyu-nas-80453 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The key task of our state and our partners is to intensify Russia's feeling that it will not achieve anything in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 January 2023 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news The key task of our state and our partners is to intensify Russia's feeling that it will not achieve anything in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 January 2023 - 22:50 Peace Formula proposed by the President of Ukraine is a real way to achieve it - Andriy Yermak at the Davos Forum 19 January 2023 - 22:05 In Davos, Olena Zelenska called on business and politicians not to stop humanitarian support for Ukraine 19 January 2023 - 20:23 President of Ukraine met with Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency 19 January 2023 - 20:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Switzerland 19 January 2023 - 20:34 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Mobilization of the world must outpace the next military mobilization of our joint enemy - address by the President of Ukraine at “Restoring Security and Peace” session during the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum 18 January 2023 - 20:41 Ladies and gentlemen! Ten hours ago a tragedy happened near Kyiv. The helicopter crash claimed lives of the Minister of the Internal Affairs of Ukraine, his colleagues and helicopter crew when it fell near a kindergarten. Fourteen Ukrainian families lost their loved-ones today. And many more families are losing daily because of the war. And I shall ask you to honor the memory of every person Ukraine has lost with a minute of silence. Only one minute but it keeps the memory of so many people. Ukraine lives thousands of such minutes including three minutes on January 14. Three minutes – the time it took for the Russian missile to travel hundreds of kilometers, hit a residential block in Dnipro and kill at least forty-five people. My address will be short – about the time we are short of. About small minutes, about years made of these minutes. Three years ago, I spoke at Davos for the first time. In person. The topic was how to build a cohesive and sustainable world. I am talking online now. And the topic is how to cooperate in a divided, fragmented world. Conclusions? They are obvious: the world cannot keep the pace with changes and challenges. The list of crises – global security, environmental, food and energy ones – needs to be amended with another one: the time crisis. The list of calls for decisive, efficient joint actions needs to be expanded with one more: the call for speed. The speed of decision-making. Reaction of the civilized world. Tragedies are outpacing life. The tyranny is outpacing the democracy. Russia needed less than one second to start the war. The world needed days to react with first sanctions. The time the free world uses to think is used by the terrorist state to kill. Ukraine and its allies have been resisting it for almost a year. This period proved all our prompt actions brought positive results: the opening of European borders for Ukrainians; the grain deal; the energy unity. Together they saved millions of lives, not only in Ukraine. It is not only Ukraine – but the whole world needs exactly this pace of decisions and actions. The world was hesitant in 2014 when Russia without hesitation occupied Crimea. The world was hesitant in 2022 when Russia without hesitation made the war full-scale. The world must not hesitate today and ever. When the evil seeks revanche, the world needs resolve and speed. Russia is exporting terror. Russia is spreading the strain of war across the world. Ukraine offers the world a Peace formula. Please.Ten steps that the world must make faster than Russia makes its new moves. Mobilization of the world must outpace the next military mobilization of our joint enemy. The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia’s next missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks. The restoration of security and peace in Ukraine must outpace Russia’s attack on security and peace in other countries. A tribunal for military crimes must prevent new ones. The expansion of NATO and the EU must outgo the spread of Russian aggression. We routinely defend values which some of the allies take for granted – as a fact of life. For us, the fact of life is the world in need of resolute and prompt steps. Ladies and gentlemen! Three years ago was my first time at the WEF. It was the time when the world was fighting Covid-19. It fought and won. Now the world is fighting against Putin. In three years, we will be discussing new challenges and threats in Davos. What will this mean? It will mean we will definitely overcome the current threat. The history repeats itself. At first, the world either fails to notice or underestimates a threat. Then it unites to resist it. And then the world wins. Every time the same outcome. The world overcame nazism, the apartheid, pandemics, the indifference to climate changes, financial crises, and the Kremlin strain. The world will overcome again. This is how much can be said in a matter of minutes. This is how much can be understood in a matter of minutes. The world will overcome again. The time is high to make it happen faster. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine