1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033002/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=51 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Oleksiy Kuleba meets with director of International Republican Institute in Ukraine 30 June 2023 - 18:52 The interlocutors discussed further cooperation and the development of communities and regions in the conditions of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation. 600 cooks will be trained at the culinary hubs of the School Chef's Training Hubs Development project 30 June 2023 - 14:11 As part of the school nutrition reform initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, cooks are being trained at the culinary hubs of the School Chef's Training Hubs Development project. On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak had a phone call with national security advisors in the Quad format 30 June 2023 - 09:34 The topic of the conversation was also the provision of effective security guarantees to Ukraine, in particular the preparation of a relevant multilateral document on this issue. They also discussed the state of preparation for the NATO Summit in Vilnius and the expected results. The first meeting of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War took place in Kyiv 30 June 2023 - 09:06 Following the inaugural meeting, the members of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War issued a joint statement. Combating ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, and we must implement each of its points - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 June 2023 - 22:25 The meeting with the members of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War - Greta Thunberg, Margot Wallström and others. We talked primarily about the Russian terrorist attack and ecocide at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant and the work of our group, which will deal with issues directly related to the destructive impact of Russian aggression on nature. President had a phone call with the President of Guatemala 29 June 2023 - 22:21 The Head of State thanked his colleague for the declaration in support of Ukraine initiated by him at the General Assembly of the Organization of American States (OAS), which was voted for by the majority of the Organization's members. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Chatham House 2022 Award Ceremony: This award for Ukraine is another proof that the world believes in our country, Ukrainians and our victory 29 June 2023 - 22:01 I believe, that – the day will come very, very soon when Ukrainian contribution to the global freedom and the strength of our people will be recognized by a legitimate recognition of our state – an ally of your state and all free nations, NATO members. Briefing for the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War was held in the Office of the President 29 June 2023 - 20:51 The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a briefing for members of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War dedicated to the situation in Ukraine, Russia's war crimes and the consequences of blowing up the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the 48th Vice President of the United States Mike Pence 29 June 2023 - 20:13 The Head of State expressed gratitude for the loud voice of Mike Pence in support of Ukraine in the US Republican Party. This is a historic time to start negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the meeting of the European Council 29 June 2023 - 19:02 We are ready to start accession negotiations, and our progress in implementing the European Commission's recommendations has to be fixed. Ukraine is determined to be fully prepared for the start of accession negotiations as soon as possible, and we will do so. 1 2 ... 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine