6 captures 14 Feb 2022 - 12 Jul 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214030038/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/litva-ye-nadijnim-ta-nezminnim-partnerom-ukrayini-volodimir-69345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Lithuania is a reliable and unchanging partner of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during participation in celebrations on the occasion of the Day of Statehood of Lithuania 6 July 2021 - 13:49 In Vilnius, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in festive events on the occasion of the Day of Statehood of Lithuania at the invitation of President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. "For me, it is a great honor to be in Lithuania today, on the anniversary of your important holiday - Day of Statehood. On behalf of Ukraine I sincerely congratulate you and the entire Lithuanian people on this special day," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech. "Today, Ukraine protects its own statehood, sovereignty and territorial integrity. And all this time on this path, Lithuania has been our reliable and unchanging partner. It is obvious that only a state that has a great history of its own statehood, that highly appreciates it and knows what fighting for independence means, can sincerely support the statehood of another country, respect its struggle and protection of its own independence. Lithuania was one of the first to condemn the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. Lithuania was the first to officially declare its readiness to support Ukraine's accession to the European Union," the President of Ukraine emphasized. The Head of State assured that Ukraine is grateful to Lithuania for this support and will remember it. "And we will always be ready to be the first to help you, and we will always wish you to become the best in everything with us, with Ukraine," he emphasized. Also, according to the President, our states share a common future. "Ukraine and Lithuania do not have a common border, but we have the most important things - common values, common interests and common aspirations, and therefore a common path to a successful common tomorrow," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. "On behalf of the Ukrainian people, I sincerely congratulate you all on this wonderful, very important holiday. We wish you millennia of successful history. Let the personality of King Mindaugas and the symbols of the statehood of your country serve as a solid foundation of your identity and faithful guide on the way to prosperity," the President of Ukraine emphasized. ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 6 July 2021 - 13:17 ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 6 July 2021 - 13:17 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine