1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024625/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=19 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on security issues for representatives of the British Parliament 18 April 2023 - 13:52 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held an online briefing on security issues for members of the defense and foreign affairs committees of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain. A ship with Ukrainian grain arrived in Yemen as part of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Grain from Ukraine humanitarian food program 18 April 2023 - 12:29 As part of the Grain from Ukraine initiative of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the ship Negmar Cicek delivered humanitarian cargo – 30,000 tons of wheat – to the Port of Salif in the Republic of Yemen. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 18 April 2023 - 10:11 The interlocutors agreed on further coordination in the issue of providing security assistance to Ukraine and discussed next steps in this direction. Presidium of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under President chaired by Andriy Yermak discuss preparations for international summit of communities and regions 15 April 2023 - 11:51 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. The meeting participants discussed the course of preparation for hosting the international summit of communities and regions. Head of President's Office meets with UK Ambassador to Ukraine 14 April 2023 - 20:12 Yermak expressed his gratitude to the United Kingdom for its unwavering strong support for Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion. Ihor Zhovkva discusses possibilities of further support for Ukraine with diplomatic advisors of heads of governments of Northern Europe 14 April 2023 - 18:21 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the head of the Office of the President, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held talks with the foreign policy advisors of the prime ministers of Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Iceland. The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a briefing for the heads of diplomatic missions of the EU countries regarding the priorities of the sanctions policy 13 April 2023 - 09:08 During the event, the main focus was on the need to further increase the sanctions pressure on the aggressor country, in particular in the context of the preparation of the 11th EU sanctions package, as well as on the importance of implementing previously introduced restrictions. Andriy Yermak had a meeting with representatives of state authorities on issues of child protection and safety 13 April 2023 - 08:37 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a working meeting with representatives of state authorities on issues of child protection and safety, discussing the action plan, which will be presented at the meeting of the Coordination Council of Ukraine on issues of child protection and safety next week. Daria Herasymchuk spoke at an extraordinary special meeting of the OSCE Permanent Council about the situation of Ukrainian children during the full-scale invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation 12 April 2023 - 15:34 Daria Herasymchuk informed the participants of the meeting about the horrifying situation in which Ukrainian children have found themselves because of the Russian occupiers, in particular, about the deaths and injuries of young Ukrainian citizens, about the violence against them, the abduction of Ukrainian children by the Russians, which is part of the crime of genocide against the Ukrainian people. Andriy Yermak and Adolfo Urso discussed the development of economic cooperation between Ukraine and Italy 11 April 2023 - 22:58 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video call with Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy Adolfo Urso to discuss ideas for strengthening economic cooperation between the countries. 1 2 ... 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine