1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033011/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=131 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In the process of rebuilding Ukraine, American business will once again be able to demonstrate the power of free entrepreneurship - Andriy Yermak at the meeting of the National Association of State Chambers 23 January 2023 - 19:52 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine will be a challenge and an opportunity for American entrepreneurs to show their best well-known qualities. He said this during an online speech at a meeting of the American National Association of State Chambers (NASC). After the end of the war, American business can become a locomotive of global economic growth - President of Ukraine's address to the participants of the meeting of the National Association of State Chambers 23 January 2023 - 19:43 Global freedom has long been lacking global victories. Ukraine, together with the United States, along with our partners – is meeting this deficit. It is by justice that the strength of society and the strength of the state are united - address by the President of Ukraine 22 January 2023 - 21:36 These decisions have already been prepared. I don't want to announce them now, but it will all be fair. I understand what has drawn people's attention. In each situation, we will analyze everything in detail. President of Ukraine and the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom talked to students of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv on the Day of Unity 22 January 2023 - 19:51 The meeting was attended by students from all regions of Ukraine, as well as representatives of the Military Institute of the Kyiv National University. Answering the questions of the youth, the Head of State expressed confidence that Ukraine would definitely win this war. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Boris Johnson 22 January 2023 - 15:29 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson exchanged views on practical steps that the British politician could take to help Ukraine in this difficult time. Ukraine is united because it is strong. Ukraine is strong because it is united - President's greetings on the Day of Unity 22 January 2023 - 09:03 Today we celebrate the Day of Unity of Ukraine. This historical event passed on two pieces of wisdom to the next generations of Ukrainians. If the struggle is not stopped, sooner or later a unified and independent state will be restored. If true unity is not attained, independence will be lost. Every day we lose people whom we will always remember and regret they're not coming back – address of President of Ukraine 21 January 2023 - 20:24 You cannot bring back Ukrainians, patriots, and people who are professional and simply loyal to themselves and the state. I wish we could all feel that today. Feel how many lives, how many bright people have been taken by wartime. I would like us all to honor their memory today… The world needs more determination and cooperation to stop the tyrant who tries to use famine as his tool – address of President of Ukraine to Berlin Agriculture Ministers' Conference participants 21 January 2023 - 18:00 Join our initiative Grain from Ukraine. Get involved in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak briefs US senators on situation at front, strengthening of Ukrainian army 21 January 2023 - 14:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak organized a briefing for a delegation of US senators visiting our country. President and First Lady take part in farewell ceremony for head and employees of Ministry of Internal Affairs killed in helicopter crash in Brovary 21 January 2023 - 14:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with his wife Olena Zelenska, took part in the farewell ceremony for the managers and employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs killed as in a helicopter crash in Brovary, Kyiv region on January 18. 1 2 ... 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine