3 captures 13 Apr 2024 - 03 Aug 2025 Mar APR May 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240413060745/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/klyuchove-pitannya-zaraz-zberezhennya-principovoyi-amerikans-89053 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Serial production and new models of missiles: our "defence industry" has the necessary results – address of the President of Ukraine 10 April 2024 - 20:14 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak: Global Support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula Can Facilitate the "All for All" Prisoner Exchange 12 April 2024 - 23:00 The Reintegration Management Program Project is Launched under the Auspices of the Office of the President of Ukraine 12 April 2024 - 21:35 The President Honored Defenders and Medical Workers at the Military Hospital in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:26 We are Going to the Regions to Help Business — President at the Presentation of the Made in Ukraine Platform in Chernivtsi 12 April 2024 - 21:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania for Participation in the Three Seas Initiative Summit 11 April 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President after meeting with the U.S. Vice President in Munich: The key issue now is preservation of principled American support for Ukraine 17 February 2024 - 16:55 In the framework of the Munich Security Conference, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Vice President of the United States Kamala Harris. The Head of State expressed gratitude to the interlocutor for respecting the Ukrainian people and warriors, and for the vital support and leadership of the United States that helped our country rally the world and withstand Russian attacks. “We must continue to stand together – Ukraine and America, all our partners. We must further contribute to the much-needed security, achieve joint results, increase the resilience of our resistance to Russian aggression, and prove to Putin every day that his hatred of people and freedom will never defeat our unity – the unity of the free world,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during the meeting with journalists following the negotiations with Kamala Harris in Munich. According to the President, the main topics of today's conversation were security and resilience. "Of course, the key issue for us now is to preserve the principled American support. Ukraine and all our warriors need and look forward to a positive vote on the support package. I am grateful to everyone who realizes how much depends on this one vote," the Head of State said. The interlocutors also discussed continued cooperation with the United States and other partners to bolster Ukraine's air defense. "Each Patriot system not only saves hundreds and thousands of lives, but also allows our cities and thus our economy to work normally," the President said and added that air defense is a key component of strengthening the economic independence of our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also informed Kamala Harris about the situation at the front and the capabilities and prospects of the Ukrainian Defense Forces, provided they receive sufficient support. He told the U.S. Vice President about Ukraine's ongoing transformation and the preparation of the Global Peace Summit in Switzerland. The interlocutors also discussed the restoration of justice and further pressure on Vladimir Putin and his regime in all areas. "In particular, this year we have to ensure the confiscation and use of Russian assets to protect against Russian terror. Putin does not value human lives, and does not understand or observe any rules. The only things that matter to Putin are money and power. We need a strong decision that will confiscate Russia's frozen assets. And we need further full-scale sanctions pressure on Russia to limit Putin's ability to finance this war," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State noted the proximity of views between Ukraine and the United States on fundamental issues and thanked the American people, President Joseph Biden, both parties and chambers of Congress for their vital support. For her part, Kamala Harris assured of further support for Ukraine. "We must demonstrate to aggressors like Putin that one cannot seize foreign land with impunity," she said. According to the Vice President of the United States, there is bipartisan support for Ukraine in both houses of the U.S. Congress, and President Joseph Biden's team will continue its work to provide the resources Ukraine needs to succeed. "We will further support your efforts to achieve peace on fair terms. We adhere to the principle that Russia will pay for what it has done, for what it has committed. And we will see Ukraine emerge from this war as a free, democratic and independent country," Kamala Harris emphasized. v Videos ph President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 ph President's participation in the 60th Munich Security Conference 17 February 2024 - 13:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine