4 captures 02 Aug 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230802004049/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chlenstvo-v-alyansi-ye-najkrashoyu-mozhlivoyu-garantiyeyu-be-84653 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The occupiers will strongly feel the consequences of our work - address by the President of Ukraine 1 August 2023 - 21:54 View all videos n latest news The occupiers will strongly feel the consequences of our work - address by the President of Ukraine 1 August 2023 - 21:52 Russia cannot exist in its current form, and one should not try to artificially prolong the existence of Putin's regime - Mykhailo Podolyak 1 August 2023 - 20:24 NATO membership is the best possible guarantee of security for Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 1 August 2023 - 16:46 Andriy Yermak held a conversation with the National Security Advisor of the Republic of India 1 August 2023 - 14:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office NATO membership is the best possible guarantee of security for Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 1 August 2023 - 16:46 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online conversation with the newly appointed Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Norway, Director of the International Department of the Prime Minister's Office Kjersti Andersen, for whom it was the first international conversation in her new position. Ihor Zhovkva congratulated his Norwegian counterpart on her appointment and informed about the security situation in Ukraine in the context of countering full-scale Russian armed aggression. In this regard, he thanked Norway and the Norwegian people for providing military, financial and humanitarian assistance to our country, as well as temporary shelter for almost 40 thousand Ukrainian citizens. The interlocutors paid special attention to Norway's participation in the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and the modalities of the inaugural global summit, which should launch its practical implementation. The parties coordinated their positions and discussed expectations from the meeting at the level of national security advisors and political advisors to the world leaders that will take place in Saudi Arabia in the near future. "We count on a strong voice of Norway and all the Nordic countries at the upcoming meeting of national security advisors and political advisors to world leaders in Saudi Arabia. The next step is to hold the inaugural Global Peace Summit, which will launch the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula," the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office noted. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Norway for joining the Joint Declaration of the G7 leaders on providing Ukraine with security guarantees on the first day of its adoption. Special attention was paid to the results of this year's NATO Summit in Vilnius and further joint steps to accelerate Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration. "Ukraine's membership in the Alliance is the best possible guarantee of Ukraine's security. We count on Norway's support for Ukraine's membership in NATO and the Alliance's decisions that will help our country move forward on this path," emphasized Ihor Zhovkva. The interlocutors also coordinated a schedule of high-level contacts for the near future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine