8 captures 29 Mar 2023 - 17 Jan 2026 Feb MAR Apr 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230329100127/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=174 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I am grateful to everyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - address by the President of Ukraine 28 March 2023 - 22:17 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Sumy region 28 March 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is wise and does not react to provocations, which is very important for Ukrainians, Europeans and Russians 8 February 2022 - 18:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the balanced and wise position of our state in responding to the deteriorating security situation on the borders and the likely escalation by the Russian Federation is important for the people of Ukraine, the people of European countries and even Russia. Today, the partnership between Ukraine and France in the field of security is of special importance - President 8 February 2022 - 17:04 Ukraine and France share a common vision of current threats and security challenges for our country, Europe and the world at large. That is why the partnership of our states in the field of security is of special importance today. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with President of France Emmanuel Macron in Kyiv. Following the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and France in Kyiv, a number of bilateral documents were signed 8 February 2022 - 16:19 "Today we have finalized the agreements and put into practice very important projects: the supply of 130 Alstom locomotives worth 900 million euros and the supply of 370 Desautel units of fire and rescue equipment for 300 million euros,” the President of Ukraine said. The launch of "Diia City" will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe - President 8 February 2022 - 14:02 "We are transforming Ukraine into a country of IT companies and startups. Thanks to Diia City, the share of IT in our country's GDP will increase from 4% to 10%, and the industry's revenues will grow up to $ 16.5 billion. This will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe," he said. Vaccinated Ukrainians over the age of 60 will be able to get a free smartphone and Internet on preferential terms - President 8 February 2022 - 13:31 In the spring, a new state program will be launched in Ukraine, under which vaccinated citizens over the age of 60 will be able to receive a free modern smartphone and a reduced rate for using the mobile Internet. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a speech at the Diia Summit in Kyiv. The "Diia. Business without Barriers" section was launched on the "Diia" portal, and “Diia. Barrier-free” is coming soon 8 February 2022 - 13:02 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a large-scale Diia Summit event, during which she spoke about the new options of the Diia public services portal in the barrier-free direction. President of Ukraine began a meeting with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 12:51 After the talks, which will take place at the Mariyinsky Palace, the leaders will meet with media representatives. As of today, services to change the place of residence registration and polls as the first step towards direct democracy are available in Diia – Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 8 February 2022 - 12:48 "As of today there will be no registrations, offices, passport desks, military enlistment offices and so on. You can now change your residence registration online in a few clicks," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. This week the eSupport program for the purchase of medicines will be extended to people with disabilities of I and II groups - a conference call 7 February 2022 - 15:31 It is expected that the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine will increase for a few weeks more, so citizens should be more actively vaccinated to protect themselves from severe disease. This was discussed during a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. Andriy Sybiha met with the Secretary General of GUAM 7 February 2022 - 15:05 The parties discussed the current activities of the Organization, its main priorities for the near future, as well as the work of the GUAM headquarters located in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine