1 capture 08 Apr 2022 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408183816/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-04-2021&date-to=08-04-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Red Cross announced Russia's approval of access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol, also corridors from Melitopol and Enerhodar were agreed - Iryna Vereshchuk 31 March 2022 - 11:01 Ukraine has received a message from the International Committee of the Red Cross that the Russian Federation confirms its readiness to open access for the humanitarian convoy to Mariupol in transit through Berdyansk. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Iryna Vereshchuk. It is very important to develop new packages of sanctions against Russia, as it is a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing the governing regime - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 10:41 Sanctions are a powerful and effective mechanism for influencing Russia and those who support the ruling regime in the aggressor country. However, sanctions need to be deepened, so a new US package is expected to be announced soon. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak in an interview to TV presenter Vadym Karpyak, which was broadcast within the information marathon "United News #UArazom". Ukraine needs more weapons, because we defend the values of a democratic world - Head of the President's Office 31 March 2022 - 10:14 Ukraine needs as big a supply of weapons as possible because our country pays a very high price every day defending the values of a democratic world in the fight against the aggressor. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview to leading international journalist of the American television company CNN Christiane Amanpour. Give us more weapons - Andriy Yermak 31 March 2022 - 00:00 "We need more weapons. Small arms, demining systems, drones, counter-battery radars, howitzers, body armor... Everything! But first of all, we need to close the sky to protect our cities from missiles," Andriy Yermak explained. We will not give up anything and will fight for every meter of our land, for every person - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2022 - 23:53 Today I have few words, not much time, a lot of emotions and even more tasks. It is that kind of moment. A turning point, when we can and should talk only about the most important thing. Yes, there is an ongoing negotiation process. But these are still words. So far no specifics. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an hour-long phone conversation with Joseph Biden 30 March 2022 - 20:37 The Presidents discussed concrete support that will further strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities at sea, on land and in the air. Mykhailo Podolyak: International multilateral treaty on security guarantees will give Ukraine reliable protection against possible new aggression 30 March 2022 - 18:50 Ukraine wants to sign an international treaty on security guarantees, which will give it reliable allies and real protection from any new aggression in the future. Adviser to the Head of the President's Office and member of the Ukrainian negotiating team Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized this during an online briefing at the Ukrainian Media Center. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Norwegian Storting 30 March 2022 - 17:22 We have no common borders with you, but we have a common neighbor who denies all our common values. For the Russian state in its current condition neither the freedom of nations nor the freedom of human matters. The Office of the President of Ukraine supported the initiative to establish the Ukrainian Global University 30 March 2022 - 15:25 With the support of the Office of the President of Ukraine, the government, educational institutions and non-governmental organizations are creating the Ukrainian Global University (UGU), a network that brings together the world's best educational institutions to provide Ukrainian students, scholarship holders, researchers and lecturers with access to educational institutions around the world, as well as new scholarships and postdoctoral programs. Iryna Vereshchuk announced the approval of three humanitarian corridors in the Zaporizhzhia region and called on the UN Security Council to take measures to demilitarize the Chornobyl zone due to the danger of detonation of Russian ammunition 30 March 2022 - 10:41 According to her, in the context of nuclear security, the irresponsible and unprofessional actions of the Russian military pose a very serious threat not only to Ukraine, but also to hundreds of millions of Europeans. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 109 110 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine