3 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 03 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101205707/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/fundaciya-oleni-zelenskoyi-vidnovila-poshkodzhenij-pid-chas-93801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The Olena Zelenska Foundation Restored the Hostomel Central Stadium Damaged During the Occupation 11 October 2024 - 18:51 In anticipation of the Heroic City of Hostomel Day, the First Lady of Ukraine and the Olena Zelenska Foundation team visited the restored Hostomel Central Stadium, which was damaged during the Russian occupation in 2022. The reconstruction of the facility was carried out by the Foundation with the support of FC Bayern Munich and the Bavarian Industry Association, with the assistance of the Embassy of Ukraine in Germany. The stadium was equipped with two new mini-fields, outdoor lighting, an electronic scoreboard and the roof of the stands; the changing rooms and coaches' room were repaired. “Today, more than 6200 children, including IDPs, live in the de-occupied city. Therefore, it was very important for our team to create a space for their development. I am glad that we managed to repair this stadium. I hope it will be a place where new teams and future football stars will emerge,” the President's wife said. During the renovation, a mural was also painted on the stand. It is the work of Ukrainian artists, brothers Serhii and Vitalii Hrekh (Feros & Dilkone). “We wanted to fill the lives of Hostomel children with bright colors. But it also had to be a modern and colorful design. That's why we wanted to involve really creative artists who make such arts for young people,” added Nina Horbachova, Director of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Among the elements of the mural are drawings by players of the Phoenix children's football team. During their visit to Gostomel, the team of the Foundation got acquainted with this team of nearly 70 football players. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine