9 captures 26 May 2021 - 05 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071057/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dinamiku-zahvoryuvanosti-na-covid-19-perebig-vakcinaciyi-ta-68637 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The dynamics of the COVID-19 incidence, the course of vaccination and the payment of financial assistance due to the quarantine were discussed at a meeting with the President 24 May 2021 - 14:06 There is a positive trend in the COVID-19 incidence in Ukraine - all epidemic indicators have been improving for the ninth week in a row. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to the Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, 19.4 thousand beds are occupied today, which is almost twice less than at the peak of the disease. The number of active patients is systematically decreasing - currently 176 thousand people are ill. "The whole Ukraine is in the "yellow" zone. In the Donetsk region, there is a slight excess of the percentage of the epidemiological threshold, but all other indicators remain normal," said the head of government. The President was informed that 1,054,139 vaccinations against COVID-19 have already been carried out in the country. More than 978 thousand people received the first dose, and almost 76 thousand - completed the vaccination with the second dose. 500 thousand citizens are registered for vaccination in the mobile application "Diia". People over the age of 65 are currently being vaccinated. The parties discussed the need to increase the rate of vaccination at the weekend of those who signed up for vaccination through the "Diia" app. The Prime Minister also informed the President about the payment of UAH 8,000 in assistance to sole proprietors and employees of small enterprises whose activities were affected by the introduction of quarantine restrictions in April this year. UAH 1.4 billion has already been paid, 175 thousand people have received payments. Volodymyr Zelenskyy instructed to set clear deadlines for the payment of financial assistance due to quarantine, as well as the payment of hospital costs and assistance in connection with pregnancy and childbirth. The Head of State inquired about the process of preparing "vaccination passports". Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov said that it was previously planned to launch them on July 1, synchronizing it with the relevant processes in the European Union. In addition, the President was informed about the allocation of humanitarian aid to India to combat the severe consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the joint efforts of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Interior, a humanitarian cargo with oxygen concentrators and ventilators will be sent to India this week. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine