8 captures 23 Apr 2020 - 14 May 2025 Jul AUG Sep 11 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220811165556/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/karantin-timchasovij-ale-nadvazhlivij-prezident-60689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No one will be able to stop the wind carrying radiation, but all of us can stop the terrorist state of Russia - President's speech at the Conference of Defense Ministers of Northern European Countries and Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 14:10 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with founder of the World Central Kitchen humanitarian organization Jose Andres 11 August 2022 - 18:02 No one will be able to stop the wind carrying radiation, but all of us can stop the terrorist state of Russia - President's speech at the Conference of Defense Ministers of Northern European Countries and Ukraine 11 August 2022 - 14:08 The more losses the occupiers suffer, the sooner we will be able to liberate our land - address by the President of Ukraine 10 August 2022 - 22:34 Europeans should know that energy prices are rising in Ukraine as well, but we are also being killed - Olena Zelenska on the air of the French channel LCI 10 August 2022 - 21:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the awards ceremony on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the AFU 7 August 2022 - 13:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Quarantine is temporary, but extremely important - President 17 April 2020 - 14:05 The COVID-19 mortality rate in Ukraine is 2.7% of the number of infected. This is a much lower figure than the world average. It was stated by Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov at a traditional meeting chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on combating coronavirus. At the same time, Ukraine has not yet reached the peak of incidence, and one has to be careful about Easter and May holidays. “Yes, everyone loves spring picnics, everyone wants to roast traditional shashlik. We need to understand people with these desires. But it should be reported that quarantine is temporary, but extremely important. That a picnic or shashlik today can cost someone's life. Communication and explanation is extremely important at such a difficult time,” the President said. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal reported that more than 90% of pharmacy chains and stores in Ukraine are provided with protection means. And the hospitals' inspection commissions in the regions have shown that despite good statistics from local authorities, doctors are having many problems. In particular, it goes about the delivery of some medicines, as well as the solution of transport issues and nutrition of doctors. Especially those who stay overnight in medical institutions because of the epidemic. The government reported that money for these services has been allocated. Local authorities bear responsibility for providing these services. “If the authorities in the regions do not know how, then it is necessary to tell and explain. If there is money, then it is necessary to ensure their most efficient use,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The parties also noted that in case of lack of money for certain services in the regions, it would be allocated from the Stabilization Fund created specifically to overcome the COVID-19 epidemic. It will start working as soon as the law on budget amendments enters into force. In addition, the President was informed that the Great Construction project is continued. During the quarantine, social infrastructure will be built. For this purpose, a separate instruction agreed with the Ministry of Health was created for construction workers. “It is great that we can create conditions for this sphere to work. These are jobs, taxes, and ultimately, the restoration of our long-suffering infrastructure,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine