11 captures 22 May 2022 - 20 May 2025 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522175332/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/polsha-sogodni-demonstruye-istorichnij-riven-pidtrimki-ukray-75269 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the joint participation with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 22 May 2022 - 16:06 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy supports Andrzej Duda's initiative for a new good-neighborly agreement between Ukraine and Poland, which would help enhance relations between the two countries 22 May 2022 - 19:45 Poland today demonstrates historical level of support for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 18:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy conferred the honorary title of the Rescuer City to Rzeszów and invited the Rada to expand the rights of Polish citizens in Ukraine 22 May 2022 - 16:24 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the joint participation with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 22 May 2022 - 16:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Poland in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 14:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Poland today demonstrates historical level of support for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 18:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda who is on a visit to Ukraine. The heads of state talked in a vis-a-vis format. Then, talks between the Ukrainian and Polish delegations chaired by the presidents took place. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that today Poland is showing a historical level of support for Ukraine, our Armed Forces and citizens who were forced to leave their homes due to the Russian invasion. "And today the President of Poland also said: Ukraine protects the rights and freedoms not only of its own, but also of every European country. Our friendly Poland and the whole European Union," the President said during a meeting with media representatives following talks with Andrzej Duda in Kyiv. According to the President of Ukraine, during the Russian aggression, the Ukrainian and Polish nations show strong ties at various levels. "We will do everything in our power to ensure that we do not lose this friendship, this warm and strategic partnership," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to the Head of State, during the meeting with Andrzej Duda, in particular, the issue of strengthening the Armed Forces of Ukraine was discussed. "We are grateful to Poland - they worked constantly, every day. And I want to note the special personal role of the President of the Republic of Poland in strengthening (the Armed Forces of Ukraine - ed.) and in the supply of weapons," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Also, according to the President of Ukraine, the current situation on the food market was discussed, in particular, the shortage of food products. "Now we are thinking about unblocking the supply of our grain, etc. to European countries, Asia and Africa. Here we also work together with our Polish partners," the President said. In addition, the parties discussed topical issues of economic relations between Ukraine and Poland. Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for the representatives of the governments of the two states to hold a meeting in the near future to discuss the mentioned issues. "It is important today to talk about the reconstruction of Ukraine. This is a signal that we will definitely win, I'm sure of it. And to rebuild Ukraine, we need the unity of the countries of the European Union, the United States, and all our friends. And we see Poland among the leading countries that will be in the program of reconstruction of Ukraine," the President said. Also, according to him, Poland today plays an important role in Ukraine’s movement towards membership in the European Union, because it understands as no one that our country has actually been part of Europe for a long time already. "We think alike, we believe alike and we defend our freedom and independence. But there are bureaucratic, technical things, and on this path we need powerful ambassadors. And Poland is one of such countries," the President said, adding that Ukraine expects to receive EU candidate status in June this year. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked all Poles for their help to Ukrainians who had to flee the war, and noted that after the victory he would be happy to visit those Polish cities that stood out in support of Ukraine and our citizens in these difficult times. For his part, Polish President Andrzej Duda stressed that Russia's war against Ukraine is not over, it is a given, people are still dying. "Everything that is happening today in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions - a normal person cannot imagine it. Hundreds of people give their lives every day. This is the scale of the war, which Europe and the world have not seen for a long time," he said. Andrzej Duda is convinced that the end of the war requires support for Ukraine by the international community, not only humanitarian, but also military assistance. "Ukraine needs weapons. Ukrainians have great morale and determination, but they need modern equipment to defeat such an enemy," said the President of Poland. He also stressed the importance of coordinated, strong sanctions pressure on Russia. It is necessary to isolate it at the international level and stop doing "business as usual". In addition, according to Andrzej Duda, sanctions are needed that will affect Russia's image, including expulsions from international organizations, sports associations, etc. "We must find a way to create a situation where the war will completely cease to be beneficial to Russia, and will be a threat to Russia itself," he said. The Polish leader also stressed the need to already think about rebuilding Ukraine after the war. At the end of the meeting, the President of Ukraine presented Ukrainian vyshyvankas to Andrzej Duda and the First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Poland in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 14:25 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Poland in Kyiv 22 May 2022 - 14:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine