2 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 22 May 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003105312/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos n latest news Winterization, Protection of Energy Facilities and Construction of School Shelters: the President Met with the USAID Administrator 2 October 2024 - 20:31 Now, in All Areas and at All Levels, We Are Preparing Maximum Results for the State for this Fall – Address by the President 2 October 2024 - 20:10 The President Met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine and Thanked Him for Strengthening Bilateral Relations 2 October 2024 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak Took Part in Plenary Session of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 2 October 2024 - 11:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak: This War Is a Test for the Entire World 9 September 2024 - 22:43 Russia’s aggression against Ukraine impacts not only our country but also the global situation. Head of the President’s Office Andriy Yermak made this statement during a conversation with representatives of Latin American media. Preparation for the Second Peace Summit and Implementation of the Bilateral Security Agreement: Meeting with the Japanese Delegation at the Office of the President 9 September 2024 - 20:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Director-General of the European Affairs Bureau of the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Katsura Kitagawa in the framework of his first visit to Ukraine. The meeting was held in continuation of the dialogue between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida. Ukraine Is Committed to Cooperation and Fulfills All Obligations to the IMF – Iryna Mudra 7 September 2024 - 14:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra discussed with representatives of the International Monetary Fund mission the key reforms necessary for the fifth review of the EFF financing program. The Second Thematic Conference in the Wake of the Peace Summit Was Held on the Food Security 4 September 2024 - 21:55 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak took part in a thematic conference on the implementation of the agreements reached at the Global Peace Summit; the conference was dedicated to the implementation of the Food Security point of the Peace Formula. It was held online. The Office of the President Held Briefings for the U.S. Delegation on the Battlefield Situation, Ukraine's Arms Needs and Sanctions Against the Russian Federation 4 September 2024 - 21:45 The Ukrainian side held briefings for the U.S. delegation on the security situation in the face of Russia's full-scale aggression, the development of Ukraine's Defense Forces capabilities, and the sanctions policy. Ukraine and the United Nations Have Extended the Joint Preventive Plan Aimed at Ending and Preventing Grave Violations Against Children in Ukraine Amid War 3 September 2024 - 09:25 Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk, UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Ukraine Matthias Schmale and UNICEF Representative to Ukraine Munir Mammadzade signed an agreement to continue the cooperation between the Ukrainian government and the UN's National Task Force under the Joint Preventive Plan "Children and Armed Conflicts." In the United States, Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Military and Security Experts 31 August 2024 - 21:08 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with U.S. military and security experts. Andriy Yermak Met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the U.S. Vice President Philip Gordon 31 August 2024 - 14:30 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Vice President of the United States Philip Gordon. Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien. Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine