7 captures 05 Jun 2022 - 16 Jun 2025 May JUN Jul 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220605212519/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-zaporizhzhi-prezident-zustrivsya-z-ukrayincyami-peremishe-75617 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine to the guests and participants of the Lithuanian National Film Award Sidabrinė gervė in Vilnius 5 June 2022 - 21:20 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine to the guests and participants of the Lithuanian National Film Award Sidabrinė gervė in Vilnius 5 June 2022 - 21:15 President held a meeting on the current situation in the Zaporizhzhia region 5 June 2022 - 21:06 In the Zaporizhzhia region, the President met with Ukrainians displaced from the area of hostilities 5 June 2022 - 20:55 President visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Zaporizhzhia region 5 June 2022 - 20:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President’s visit to the Shalimov National Institute of Surgery and Transplantology 3 June 2022 - 17:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In the Zaporizhzhia region, the President met with Ukrainians displaced from the area of hostilities 5 June 2022 - 20:55 During a working trip to the Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a sanatorium where Ukrainians who had been forced to leave their homes due to Russia's armed aggression were housed. The Head of State inspected the medical offices where people can apply for medical care, as well as housing. The President talked to the IDPs and asked them about their living conditions. "I understand that everyone wants to return home. And this housing, no matter how comfortable it is, cannot be compared with your own home. There is nowhere better than home," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed confidence that people who were forced to leave their cities would definitely return home. "We have no doubt that we will liberate all the temporarily occupied cities. It will definitely happen," the Head of State said. IDPs from Mariupol spoke about the tragic events they had to endure due to the Russian invasion. They appealed to the President to help resolve the issue of recovering lost documents and issuing death certificates of relatives who died in the temporarily occupied territories. Volodymyr Zelenskyy urged IDPs to join in developing a mechanism that could simplify the procedure for obtaining such documents. "New legal mechanisms can be found given the circumstances. If you have suggestions, we can also make some legislative changes," the President said. The meeting also focused on providing housing for internally displaced persons. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that all people who have lost their homes should receive comfortable housing. "We will definitely help you resolve this issue," he said. The Head of State presented tablets to young IDPs living in the prophylactic center. In particular, eight-year-old Yehor Kravtsov, who kept a diary while under shelling in the city of Mariupol, received a gift. The boy's writings were published on social networks and were called "Mariupol Diary". Yehor spoke about the bombing of the city and the injuries he suffered as a result of the shelling. The diary also contains tragic stories of how Yehor's grandmother died and how the enemy destroyed his hometown. ph 5 June 2022 - 23:46 ph 5 June 2022 - 23:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine