1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024538/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=63 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: It is important to keep Europe and the world united around support for Ukraine 18 January 2023 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Russia's war against Ukraine continues, but Ukrainians remain strong and united, and it is very important to maintain the unity of the countries of Europe and the world in supporting our country, which is fighting for common civilizational values. President expresses condolences over the death of the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and civilians as a result of the helicopter crash in Brovary 18 January 2023 - 12:47 The Head of State instructed the Security Service of Ukraine, in cooperation with the National Police and other authorized bodies, to clarify all the circumstances of the accident. All relevant services are working on the scene of the tragedy. President during online communication with German students: Ukraine implements reforms even during the war, as it has no time to wait for its end 17 January 2023 - 22:38 Ukraine continues to implement reforms despite the full-scale war, which, on the one hand, slows down many processes, but at the same time stimulates active changes. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online communication with students of German universities. President of Ukraine heard reports on the house destroyed by Russian missile in Dnipro 17 January 2023 - 20:18 Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko, Minister of Internal Affairs Denys Monastyrskyi, Prosecutor General Andriy Kostin, Head of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine Serhiy Kruk reported to the Head of State. President of Ukraine had a conversation with Federal President of Germany 17 January 2023 - 16:31 The Head of State noted the importance of new defense decisions adopted by the German leadership at the beginning of this year and praised Germany's significant support for Ukraine in humanitarian, financial and defense spheres since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. President of Ukraine had a meeting with OSCE Chairman-in-Office, Minister of Foreign Affairs of North Macedonia 16 January 2023 - 19:18 The President of Ukraine is hopeful that during the Macedonian presidency, the OSCE will use all possible means to exert pressure on the aggressor, first of all, to stop human rights violations in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine. President of Ukraine held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 January 2023 - 14:47 The participants of the meeting considered the possibilities of enemy’s preparation of missile strikes at the territory of Ukraine and measures to counteract them. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia 12 January 2023 - 19:19 The Head of State noted the importance of political, defense and financial assistance to Ukraine from Latvia against the background of the full-scale war with Russia. President held a regular meeting of the Staff 12 January 2023 - 17:06 Reports on the current situation on the main directions of the front and possible actions of the enemy were heard. Separately, the participants focused on the situation in the hottest areas - in Bakhmut and Soledar. The importance of prompt and uninterrupted provision of the units defending this area with all necessary means and ammunition was emphasized. Ukraine expects a joint decision of partners on the transfer of modern tanks - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 January 2023 - 19:48 Ukraine expects a joint decision of the partner countries on the transfer of modern tanks to strengthen the Armed Forces of Ukraine after the adoption of the relevant important decision by Poland. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the leaders of Poland and Lithuania in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv. 1 2 ... 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine