28 captures 18 Sep 2023 - 18 Jun 2025 Aug SEP Oct 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230918104741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-prijti-do-togo-shob-dlya-vsih-ditej-u-nashij-krayini-85673 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We we must reach a point when all children in our country have their own family, their own home - address by the President of Ukraine 17 September 2023 - 20:27 View all videos n latest news We we must reach a point when all children in our country have their own family, their own home - address by the President of Ukraine 17 September 2023 - 20:22 Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 16 September 2023 - 18:50 Olena Zelenska: Mental health is one of the biggest global challenges of the future 16 September 2023 - 11:52 Andriy Yermak, Margot Wallström held the second meeting of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group 16 September 2023 - 10:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in events on Rescuer's Day 15 September 2023 - 14:13 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We we must reach a point when all children in our country have their own family, their own home - address by the President of Ukraine 17 September 2023 - 20:22 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! I would like to express gratitude today. To everyone who defends the sky of our country. Our pilots and engineers of the Air Force, warriors of mobile fire groups, all our anti-aircraft gunners. Thank you for constantly increasing the number of downed Russian missiles and drones, and thus the number of our people and infrastructure saved. Thank you, warriors! And to everyone who is now on the front line. To every brigade. From Kupyansk to the left bank of Kherson region, from the Bakhmut sector to every Ukrainian position on the front line in the south of our country. I thank you guys for your might! And today I would like to especially recognize the warriors who are gradually regaining Ukraine's territory in the area of Bakhmut. The 80th air assault brigade, the 5th separate assault brigade, the glorious 95th and "Fury" Joint Assault Brigade of the National Police. Klishchiivka! Well done! Today Ukraine marks Rescuer's Day. And on Friday, I had the honor to personally thank the employees of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine and all those whose hearts simply feel that it is impossible otherwise, that we must take care of others, that we must help others when lives depend on it. Today, I want to thank not only all our rescuers, but also all the relatives - mothers and fathers of boys and girls, men and women working in the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. I thank you for raising your children this way: to save others, to make our entire society stronger and more humane. Thank you! Today - and this is a very symbolic coincidence - our country also marks Adoption Day. This is probably one of the most honorable missions in life - to help a child avoid an orphan's fate. I thank everyone who helps children in this way, everyone who spreads the warmth of their families so that there are fewer lonely destinies in this world! As a state, we must reach a point when all children in our country, all those who have been left without parental care, have their own family - their own home, their own family. Ukraine certainly must not be associated with orphanages. I thank everyone who works for this! Glory to everyone who helps our people and the entire country become stronger! And we are preparing new defense decisions for Ukraine. Air defense and artillery are a priority. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine