4 captures 16 Sep 2024 - 17 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240916201733/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=183 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Next Week, We Are Preparing to Present the Victory Plan to Our Allies – President’s Address 16 September 2024 - 19:50 View all videos pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the economic, social and security situation in the region. President: Our goal is to return people home, preserve their ties with Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 21:09 One of the mandatory tasks of Ukrainian diplomats around the world is to protect Ukrainians. The embassies of Ukraine should be assistants to our people and, if necessary, rescuers. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine held in Zakarpattia region. Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. President: Weapons and sanctions are among the top priorities of Ukrainian diplomats 2 August 2023 - 20:36 The Head of State emphasized that the Ukrainian troops need effective air defense systems, long-range weapons, including ATACMS, equipment and scarce munitions, as well as F-16 aircraft. President: Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO, security guarantees and neighborhood policy are the guidelines of Ukrainian diplomacy 2 August 2023 - 20:10 By the end of this year, Ukraine is to begin negotiations on its future membership in the European Union. Also, the main focus of the work of representatives of Ukrainian diplomatic missions in foreign countries is preparation for joining NATO and specific security guarantees on the way to the Alliance. President: Today, the efforts of our diplomacy should be aimed at the full implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula with the involvement of a wide range of countries 2 August 2023 - 18:43 Also, as stated by the President, Ukraine expects other states and all international organizations whose actions for peace can and will be significant to join this work. The Head of State held an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine and announced five benchmarks for the next political season 2 August 2023 - 18:36 “I will now give you five guidelines. The Peace Formula is the first. Weapons and sanctions are the second. Ukraine's integration into the European Union and NATO, security guarantees, and neighborhood policy are the third. The fourth is the economy, recovery, and transformation. The fifth is our people, both in Ukraine and abroad, in the countries where you work,” the President said. Your task is to ensure that the world always stands with Ukraine - President's speech at the meeting with heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine 2 August 2023 - 18:13 We have to prepare for a new political season in the world so that this season, a very important season, can also become pro-Ukrainian. The occupiers will strongly feel the consequences of our work - address by the President of Ukraine 1 August 2023 - 21:52 We are preparing a number of international events - this week will be very important for Ukraine and our foreign policy. Russia cannot exist in its current form, and one should not try to artificially prolong the existence of Putin's regime - Mykhailo Podolyak 1 August 2023 - 20:24 Recent events in Russia show that it can no longer exist in its current form, and the international community should not be afraid of the replacement of Putin's regime. This opinion was expressed by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Atlantic Council's UkraineAlert. 1 2 ... 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine