14 captures 12 Jan 2023 - 20 Jan 2026 Dec JAN Feb 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230112213153/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-italijskoyu-delegaciyeyu-na-choli-80345 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The day will definitely come when the Ukrainian flag will be on par with all flags of the EU member states - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 January 2023 - 22:10 View all videos n latest news The day will definitely come when the Ukrainian flag will be on par with all flags of the EU member states - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 January 2023 - 22:07 Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Chancellor of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 12 January 2023 - 21:13 Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 President of Ukraine had a meeting with Speaker of the Saeima of the Republic of Latvia 12 January 2023 - 19:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Lviv region and meeting with the Presidents of Poland and Lithuania 11 January 2023 - 16:01 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production Adolfo Urso 12 January 2023 - 19:58 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the Italian delegation headed by Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy Adolfo Urso. The meeting was also attended by Ambassador of Italy to Ukraine Pier Francesco Zazo, Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Italian Republic Francesco Maria Talò, Diplomatic Adviser to the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy Mario Cospito, First Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko, Head of the State Property Fund Rustem Umerov and Deputy Heads of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva, Andriy Sybiha, Roman Mashovets and Rostyslav Shurma. Andriy Yermak thanked the new government of Italy and, in particular, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni for the strong support of Ukraine. "We heard a very strong and principled statement of the Prime Minister at the G19 summit in Bali regarding the support of our Peace Formula and the Peace Summit. Ukrainians are extremely grateful for this, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is extremely grateful," the Head of the President's Office noted. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy also met with the Italian delegation. He presented Adolfo Urso with the Order of Merit of the III degree. The Head of State noted the role of the Minister in supporting our country in times of ordeals due to the full-scale aggression by Russia and in strengthening Ukrainian-Italian relations. "We will never forget what Italy has done to support Ukraine. And today we have an opportunity to discuss ways of deepening our cooperation. Our countries have always had very warm and close relations, so I am confident that Ukraine and Italy have great opportunities for cooperation," the Head of State noted. In particular, Andriy Yermak proposed to consider the possibility of launching new infrastructure, logistics, production and commercial projects with Ukraine, which will open new markets for the Made in Italy brand. For its part, our state is interested in the development of the "Made in Ukraine" program and in supporting the promotion of Ukrainian exports to the Italian market. Rostyslav Shurma told the Italian delegation in detail about the opportunities for cooperation between Ukraine and Italy, in particular in metallurgy, energy, agro-industrial sector, woodworking, mechanical engineering, aerospace, light industry, pharmaceutical industry, etc. He noted that Ukraine has extremely powerful companies that work for the domestic market and have the potential to enter the European markets. For his part, Adolfo Urso emphasized: Italy supports Ukraine in its struggle for sovereignty and territorial integrity, as it was repeatedly stated by Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni. The Minister of Enterprises and Production stressed that today the Confindustria representative office starts its work in Ukraine, which testifies to the support from the companies - leaders of the Italian industry and their interest in participating in the restoration of the Ukrainian infrastructure. "We are here to talk about cooperation in the field of production and technology, as well as participation in the reconstruction process, both as donors and contractors," said Adolfo Urso. He proposed to organize a large conference in Italy with the participation of representatives of the Ukrainian government and Italian business. In addition, Andriy Yermak informed the representatives of the Italian government about the current situation on the frontline. It was noted that the Italian government has made a decision to provide Ukraine with the sixth package of defense assistance. The parties discussed cooperation in this sphere. Italy will also provide Ukraine with generators to support the energy system, said Adolfo Urso. The parties discussed the preparation and content of the upcoming visit of Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni to Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine