1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309015746/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – With Ukraine, the European Union will definitely be stronger - President at the session of the European Parliament 1 March 2022 - 16:14 Ukraine proved its European choice and paid a high price for it. Now is the time for Europe to show that it chooses Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a debate in the course of the extraordinary plenary session of the European Parliament on Russian aggression against Ukraine. President appointed the Head of the Kyiv City Military Administration to improve the defense of the capital 1 March 2022 - 13:46 In order to strengthen the defense of the capital of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a decree appointing General Mykola Zhyrnov Head of the Kyiv City Military Administration. The missile at the central square of Kharkiv is terrorism, and Russia must be held accountable for this in international courts - Address by the President of Ukraine 1 March 2022 - 12:37 This attack on Kharkiv is a war crime. This is state terrorism of the Russian Federation. After that, Russia is a terrorist state. Obviously. And it must be official. We call on all countries of the world to respond immediately and effectively to this criminal tactic of the aggressor and to declare that Russia is committing state terrorism. We demand full responsibility for terrorists in international courts. Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 February 2022 - 23:48 The state committing military crimes against civilians cannot be a member of the UN Security Council. The entrance to all ports, channels, airports in the world must be closed for this state . Such a state must not receive hundreds of billions for energy exports. Buying Russian goods now is to pay money for murdering people. Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire 28 February 2022 - 18:49 Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in the area of the Ukraine-Belarus border in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire. Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed an application for Ukraine's membership in the European Union 28 February 2022 - 18:45 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed an application for Ukraine's membership in the European Union. Also, together with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal, a Joint Statement was signed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We appeal to the European Union for Ukraine's immediate accession to the EU under a new special procedure 28 February 2022 - 12:19 “Europeans are aware that our soldiers are fighting for our country and, consequently, for the whole of Europe. For peace for all European countries, for the lives of children, for equality, for democracy. And this gives us the full right to do the following. We appeal to the European Union for Ukraine's immediate accession under a new special procedure,” the Head of State emphasized. Stand firm: Address by the President of Ukraine 28 February 2022 - 11:00 When I ran for presidency, I said that each of us is the President. Because we are all responsible for our state. For our beautiful Ukraine. And now it turns out that each of us is a warrior. The warrior in his or her own place. And I am confident that each of us will win. Ukrainian delegation arrived in the area of the Ukrainian-Belarusian border to participate in talks with representatives of the Russian Federation 28 February 2022 - 10:22 The key issue of the talks is an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens 27 February 2022 - 18:10 I had a phone conversation with Alexander Lukashenko. We haven't spoken to him in two years. And today I had a long substantive conversation with him. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine