1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050449/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – As of today, services to change the place of residence registration and polls as the first step towards direct democracy are available in Diia – Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 8 February 2022 - 12:48 "As of today there will be no registrations, offices, passport desks, military enlistment offices and so on. You can now change your residence registration online in a few clicks," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. This week the eSupport program for the purchase of medicines will be extended to people with disabilities of I and II groups - a conference call 7 February 2022 - 15:31 It is expected that the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine will increase for a few weeks more, so citizens should be more actively vaccinated to protect themselves from severe disease. This was discussed during a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. Andriy Sybiha met with the Secretary General of GUAM 7 February 2022 - 15:05 The parties discussed the current activities of the Organization, its main priorities for the near future, as well as the work of the GUAM headquarters located in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelensky met with representatives of the IT industry on the eve of the Diia Summit and the launch of “Diia City” 4 February 2022 - 20:08 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and representatives of the IT industry held a meeting to discuss urgent issues of industry development and the launch of a special legal and tax regime "Diia City" scheduled for February 8 this year. President of Ukraine to meet with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 4 February 2022 - 18:55 On February 14, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Federal Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany Olaf Scholz, who will arrive in Ukraine on his first official visit, will hold talks. In a phone conversation with the President of Slovakia, the President of Ukraine discussed cooperation in the security sphere 4 February 2022 - 14:24 The interlocutors exchanged views on the security situation around our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed about the initiatives of the Ukrainian side to intensify the negotiation process within the Normandy format and the implementation of the Minsk agreements. Ukraine looks forward to close cooperation with Turkey in energy, infrastructure, technology and defense - President 3 February 2022 - 18:38 Ukraine expects active participation of Turkish companies in joint projects in the defense and aviation sectors, infrastructure and energy. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following talks with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Historical visit of Turkish President demonstrates who is a friend of Ukraine, always willing to help 3 February 2022 - 18:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that one of the main topics of the meeting with President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Kyiv was security and peace. The Head of State said this in his statement for the media following the Ukrainian-Turkish talks in Kyiv. In the presence of the Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey a number of documents that will significantly increase trade turnover between the two countries were signed 3 February 2022 - 17:49 Following the meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and the tenth meeting of the Ukrainian-Turkish High-Level Strategic Council, a number of bilateral documents were signed. The agreement on a free trade area between Ukraine and Turkey is the result of three decades of cooperation and friendship between the two countries - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2022 - 17:47 In the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, a Free Trade Agreement between Ukraine and Turkey was signed in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine