6 captures 21 Sep 2023 - 09 Aug 2025 Aug SEP Oct 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230921163332/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=01-06-2022&date-to=01-06-2023&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The use of veto power requires reform, and this can be a key reform in the UN – address by the President of Ukraine at the UN Security Council meeting 20 September 2023 - 19:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States of America 19 September 2023 - 02:19 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of a Ukrainian-language audio guide at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam 25 May 2023 - 11:37 This is the 65th audio guide in the world as part of the Ukrainian First Lady’s global project to launch Ukrainian-language audio guides at the world's leading landmarks. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a video call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 May 2023 - 11:05 The parties discussed in detail the plans to implement the agreements reached by the Head of State and Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni. The first Ukrainian F-16 will be one of the strongest signals from the world that Russia will only lose - address by the President of Ukraine 24 May 2023 - 21:56 We are doing everything we can to reduce the time until the result is achieved, until new and powerful aircraft with Ukrainian pilots emerge in the Ukrainian skies. The key task of our state is to strengthen Ukraine and enhance our defense capabilities – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 May 2023 - 22:24 The strength of our state now, the strength of our defense now, is the basis of the strength of the rules-based international order. Iuliia Sokolovska met with representatives of the Embassy of Switzerland 23 May 2023 - 19:09 The participants of the meeting discussed assistance to Ukraine in the creation and development of registries and exchange of information on abused/deported Ukrainian children. Olena Zelenska and human rights activist Nadia Murad visited Borodyanka 23 May 2023 - 13:29 The First Lady and Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin told Nadia Murad about the situation with war crimes committed by the Russian occupiers in our country. On the Day of the Marines, the President of Ukraine visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian defenders in the Donetsk region and presented state awards 23 May 2023 - 11:25 Having returned from a visit abroad, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the frontline positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in the Vuhledar – Maryinka defense area in the Donetsk region on the occasion of the Day of the Marines. Every week we add value for Ukraine from the NATO Summit in Vilnius - address by the President of Ukraine 22 May 2023 - 18:08 Today there is an important declaration from the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. Things are called what they are: a clear recognition of Russia's crimes against our country as genocide, a clear condemnation of ruscist ideology. This is the right basis for other international organizations as well. In Hiroshima, Ukraine was indeed an honored participant in the G7’s work, and the topic of Ukraine was principal – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address. 21 May 2023 - 21:02 We are finishing this very difficult yet very important week. On Friday, we had the Arab League. On Saturday and Sunday – G7 plus Ukraine and an expanded format – seven plus partners. The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 is the first step towards even more powerful defense of our skies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2023 - 16:18 Ukraine has been working hard on the issue of providing Western-type aircraft, and the decision of our partners to train Ukrainian pilots on modern fighter jets is the first step towards bolstering our country's air defense. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with representatives of the world's media in Hiroshima. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine