1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309032440/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=13 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ihor Zhovkva discussed counteraction to the pandemic and security situation in eastern Ukraine with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Azerbaijan 22 April 2021 - 20:48 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Azerbaijan Hikmet Hajiyev. Roman Mashovets discussed defense reforms in Ukraine with Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov 22 April 2021 - 18:57 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov to discuss the situation in the east of our country and near the Ukrainian border, Allies' support for Ukraine's national security sector, defense reforms and our country’s path towards NATO accession. Andriy Yermak and G7 ambassadors discussed the course of negotiations on ending the war in Donbas, renewal of the CCU and a number of important reforms in Ukraine 21 April 2021 - 22:11 First of all, Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the security situation in Donbas and near the borders of Ukraine and about the progress of negotiations on ending the war and establishing peace, in particular at the level of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format. Ihor Zhovkva and Permanent Under-Secretary of State, Head of the Foreign Policy Department at the Office of the Prime Minister of Denmark discussed support for Ukraine 20 April 2021 - 18:21 The diplomatic adviser to the President of Ukraine informed his Danish counterpart about the aggravation of the security situation on the Ukrainian-Russian border and in the occupied territories of Ukraine. The interlocutors also discussed cooperation between Ukraine and Denmark in the field of European integration of our country. Advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format agreed to continue coordination of clusters on the implementation of the Minsk agreements 19 April 2021 - 22:46 On April 19, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a video conference of political advisers to the leaders of the countries participating in the Normandy format. Ihor Zhovkva and Diplomatic Advisor to Spanish Prime Minister discussed preparation of bilateral political dialogue measures 15 April 2021 - 09:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain Emma Aparici. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the aggravation of the security situation in eastern Ukraine and the increase in the activity of Russian troops on the borders of our state. Ukrainian delegation visited the State of Israel 12 April 2021 - 19:18 A Ukrainian delegation led by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov paid a visit to the State of Israel. The delegation included Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, Deputy Head of the President’s Office Ihor Zhovkva, and Deputy Minister of Health - Chief Public Health Physician of Ukraine Viktor Lyashko. Deputy Head of the Office of the President and the Ambassador of Sweden discussed Russia's escalation of the situation in eastern Ukraine and possible ways to stabilize it 12 April 2021 - 18:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg to discuss the deteriorating situation in eastern Ukraine and near its border and possible ways to deter Russian aggression. Ihor Zhovkva discuss the development of bilateral political dialogue with diplomatic adviser to the President of Greece 8 April 2021 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Director of the Diplomatic Office of the President of the Hellenic Republic Maya Solomou. Ihor Zhovkva and adviser to the President of Latvia discussed counteraction to COVID-19, security situation in Donbas and support for Ukraine's European integration 8 April 2021 - 15:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with Foreign Affairs Adviser to the President of Latvia Solveiga Silkalna. 1 2 ... 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine