11 captures 30 Sep 2023 - 16 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230930220646/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nasha-derzhava-mozhe-stati-j-obovyazkovo-stane-donorom-globa-85989 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our state can and will definitely become a donor of global security – address by the President of Ukraine 30 September 2023 - 20:55 View all videos n latest news Our state can and will definitely become a donor of global security – address by the President of Ukraine 30 September 2023 - 20:53 Ihor Zhovkva met with the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defense of Portugal 30 September 2023 - 11:40 President of Ukraine meets with Defense Minister of Slovakia 30 September 2023 - 10:50 Now is the right time to create a military hub in Ukraine - President at the meeting with representatives of international defense companies 30 September 2023 - 10:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the First International Defense Industries Forum 30 September 2023 - 09:24 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our state can and will definitely become a donor of global security – address by the President of Ukraine 30 September 2023 - 20:53 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today we can already assess this week's key result for our defense industry. A truly new stage of the Ukrainian defense industry's development has begun. The first Defense Industries Forum took place. It was extremely successful. And it testified to the global interest in the opportunity to work in Ukraine and with Ukraine in the production of weapons and everything necessary for the real defense of any free nation. Our new format with defense companies – the Defense Industries Alliance – includes 38 member companies as of this evening. They represent 19 countries. These are the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, Canada, Bulgaria, Australia, Belgium, our Baltic friends – Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, as well as the Czech Republic, North Macedonia, Slovakia, Spain, Croatia and Finland. This is a very powerful start, and the work is ongoing. More companies will join. In addition, our manufacturers signed 20 documents with partner companies at the Forum. Agreements and memoranda. Each such document then becomes a new production or an enhancement of existing cooperation. These are agreements on joint production, exchange of technologies, supply of components. Propellant powder production, munitions manufacturing. This is the training of personnel for our defense industry. Separately, and very thoroughly, we are developing the Ukrainian manufacturing of drones, land and naval autonomous systems. All in all, more than 250 companies took part in our Defense Industries Forum – and this forum is only the first one of its kind. Dozens of Ukrainian companies were among them. We are also working to ensure that Ukraine produces the air defense systems we need – truly powerful ones. When we eventually see and feel the maximum arms power of Ukraine in real action – of our manufacturers, our defense industry, our new cooperation with the world – we will be able to say that the foundation of this was laid right now, in the agreements like those reached at the Forum and during my visits, in particular to the United States, Sweden and other countries. All the most powerful countries are already cooperating or will cooperate with Ukraine. Our country will become one of the world's key producers of weapons and defense systems. And this is no longer just an ambition or a prospect, it is a potential that is already being realized. I am grateful to everyone whose work leads to such results for Ukraine! Currently, and we have to be honest about this, Ukraine is a recipient of security assistance. But our country can and will become a donor of global security. In particular, thanks to our defense industry. Thanks to the strength, resilience, and indomitability of our people. Tomorrow is a very important day for Ukraine, for all our people. The Day of Defenders of Ukraine. Of the millions who have not only preserved Ukraine's decent place in human history, but also make sure that our people and our state do not lose their history, fight for their lives and freedom, and inspire the entire free world with their struggle. Tomorrow, we will pay special tribute to all our defenders. Tomorrow we will honor the memory of those who gave their lives for Ukraine. For the first time, this day – the Intercession of the Most Holy Theotokos – will be on October 1. And let's establish a new tradition for this day. October 1. 9:00 a.m. Wherever you are – on the main street of your city or just at home – stop for a minute, honor with silence the memory of our fallen defenders and think about those who are now in combat, on combat missions, at their posts. Those who save lives. Those who protect our people and state in every sense of the word. There would be no strength and will of Ukraine if it were not for all those who stood up for Ukraine. We are thankful. We honor. We remember. All together. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine