1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030955/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=29 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Feedback from our battalion commanders on combat use of equipment and weapons is what we will discuss with the leaders of partner states - address by the President of Ukraine 15 August 2023 - 19:32 When such communication takes place brigade by brigade, and everyone has real combat experience, we can assess the situation much more deeply, see how the specific experience of one brigade can be applied by other units and scaled up to our entire defense forces. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the command post of the 10th Army Corps operating in the Melitopol sector 15 August 2023 - 17:39 Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard a report from Corps Commander Serhiy Perets on the course and peculiarities of hostilities, as well as the military's needs for weapons and ammunition. The President also presented state awards. President visited the frontline surgical unit in Zaporizhzhia region where medical aid is provided to Ukrainian defenders 15 August 2023 - 17:06 The facility provides primary surgical interventions, resuscitation and stabilization measures. Up to 200 wounded people are treated there every day. The Head of State inspected the wards and equipment, talked to the staff of the facility and combat medics. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades engaged in offensive operations in the Melitopol sector 15 August 2023 - 16:31 During a working trip to Zaporizhzhia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions of the brigades engaged in offensive operations in the Melitopol sector. Ukraine is fighting every day for every child illegally taken by Russia - Daria Herasymchuk 15 August 2023 - 13:58 Ukraine will do everything to ensure that even after many years, every Ukrainian child illegally deported by Russia can find out about their origin. This was stated by Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk , during a live broadcast by Ukrinform. Those who are not fighting on the frontline must help fight - address by the President of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 20:31 All the country's adrenaline, all the country's emotions, all the country's strength should be there - in the battles for the sake of the state. Thank you to everyone - everyone who is constantly helping! Glory to all our warriors! Glory to our strong people! In Donetsk region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the main command post of the Soledar operational and tactical group and awarded the defenders of Ukraine 14 August 2023 - 19:09 The Head of State listened to the report of Brigadier General Artem Bohomolov on the operational situation and interaction of brigades in the area of responsibility of the Soledar operational and tactical group. The Head of State visited the stabilization point where the defenders wounded in the Bakhmut sector are undergoing treatment 14 August 2023 - 18:29 During a working visit to Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a frontline stabilization center that receives wounded and injured Ukrainian servicemen from the Bakhmut area. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades engaged in offensive actions within the Soledar operational and tactical group 14 August 2023 - 17:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard reports on the operational situation in the areas of responsibility of the brigades and the peculiarities of the use of various types of weapons. Russian terrorists must feel only one thing: they will be destroyed - address by the President of Ukraine 13 August 2023 - 22:19 Weapons for our warriors, support for our state, and legal responsibility for Russian terrorists. Ukraine will definitely prevail! 1 2 ... 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine