10 captures 19 Aug 2021 - 25 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/krimska-platforma-pracyuvatime-shodnya-dlya-rozvyazannya-nag-70145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Crimea Platform will function every day to solve urgent problems, including the militarization of the peninsula, which is becoming an aircraft carrier of the Russian Federation - President 19 August 2021 - 08:27 The Crimea Platform initiative will cover all the most important issues of the peninsula, especially humanitarian and security ones. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian journalists from Crimea. According to the Head of State, the ideology of the Crimea Platform is to make every topic acute and relevant not only in Ukrainian society, but also at the world level. In particular, the issues of militarization of Crimea in general will be raised. "So far, Crimea looks like an aircraft carrier. So far, this is not a pearl of Ukrainian land by the sea. Today it is a militarized peninsula, and it looks like an aircraft carrier of the Russian Federation with a daily increase in armaments, a decrease in the indigenous population, a decrease in the attractiveness - natural, ecological, tourist, of any kind," said the President. "What can be done? We have to ring the alarm every day. I think that before the creation of the Crimea Platform there was no alarm. There are people who want the return of Crimea, but please show them what alarm to ring and who will do this on a daily basis, except for posts on Facebook: "We are really sorry for our Crimea, but we will come back," he added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that about 40 foreign delegations will attend the Crimea Platform summit. The President stressed the importance of the participation of representatives of other states in the opening of the Crimea Platform. At the same time, according to him, this site will operate daily. "Today, the Crimea Platform is the first institutional platform that will work not once a year, but every day in the office of the Crimea Platform," the President said. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the sanctions policy against Russia should be continued until the deoccupation of Ukrainian territories takes place. Ukraine appeals to the countries whose sanctions do affect Russian business, real estate or accounts abroad. "In general, sanctions should affect those people who grab someone else's property... Such countries as the United States, Germany, France, Great Britain, which can really, decisively act with their sanctions against certain Russian officials and temporary officials in Crimea who have something abroad. We are working with them to implement such sanctions. Such a sanctions policy is effective," the Head of State stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine