3 captures 09 Aug 2023 - 18 Apr 2025 Jul AUG Sep 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230809024737/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhna-peremoga-nad-rosijskimi-okupantami-mistit-uspih-nashi-84793 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news Step by step, we are making de-occupation of Crimea more and more achievable and well-thought-out - address by the President of Ukraine 8 August 2023 - 22:43 President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Peace Formula is universal, and after Ukraine, it can be the basis for overcoming other military conflicts and global problems - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 August 2023 - 16:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President on the occasion of the Day of the Signal Troops: Every victory over Russian invaders includes success of our signallers 8 August 2023 - 17:28 On the Day of the Signal Troops, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with servicemen of the Signal and Cyber Security Troops of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and presented state awards. As the Head of State emphasized, successful protection of life is impossible without reliable and high-quality communications. "Communications are essential at all stages of defense - from decision-making at headquarters to the frontline, from meetings with our commanders to hostilities. Skillful maintenance of communications often saves the lives of our warriors and civilians. The stability and reliability of signal, and the speed of signal restoration are one of the key prerequisites for the success of our warriors in combat," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He noted that ensuring high-quality communications is a big job, which always requires professionalism and diligence of a particular soldier-signaller. "Very often, it is true heroism, which is not immediately noticeable, but it is immediately felt when such heroism is lacking in battle," the President added. The Head of State noted that more than 65,000 servicemen of the Signal and Cyber Security Troops serve in various units of the Ukrainian Defense and Security Forces. He thanked them for ensuring high-quality communications. "And we remember that every success of combat brigades and other units, every victory over the Russian occupiers always includes the success of signallers who work for these brigades, who work for these victories, who provide them with high-quality communications," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The attendees observed a minute of silence in memory of the signallers who gave their lives for the future of the Ukrainian people. The President emphasized that the key to victory over the enemy is unity and emotional connection, which makes all Ukrainians brothers-in-arms. "I wish you invincibility, I wish you victory only, success to all of us, your families, those who support you every day - your loved ones, your children. I wish them to continue to support you so strongly and to never lose this connection, which is important for you and your motivation, - the connection with your family and friends," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also presented high state awards. 24 servicemen were awarded the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytskyi of the III degree, the Orders "For Courage" of the II and III degrees, the Order of Danylo Halytskyi, and medals "For Military Service to Ukraine". v Videos ph President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 ph President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine