1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071439/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – In Kaniv, Volodymyr and Olena Zelenskyy honored the memory of Kobzar 20 October 2021 - 11:36 In the Shevchenko National Reserve in Kaniv, the presidential couple laid flowers at Kobzar's grave on Tarasov Hill. President began a working trip to the Cherkasy region 20 October 2021 - 10:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena arrived in the Cherkasy region on a working trip. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the US Secretary of Defense 19 October 2021 - 18:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary of Defense of the United States of America Lloyd Austin who is in Kyiv on a working visit. President: Vaccination is the only alternative to lockdown 18 October 2021 - 22:20 Ukraine's healthcare system is ready for an increase in the incidence of COVID-19, but the only alternative to the introduction of lockdown is vaccination, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for ICTV within the Freedom of Speech program. Three more EU countries will sign declarations on European perspective with Ukraine in the near future - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2021 - 21:58 "This year we started preparing bilateral declarations with EU countries in support of Ukraine's European perspective. When Ukraine and the European Union decide that Ukraine can be a member of the EU, the country with which we sign this declaration will definitely vote for us," he said in an interview for ICTV as part of the Freedom of Speech program. President of Ukraine: Justice reform and anticorruption reform will soon be accelerated 18 October 2021 - 21:50 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that in the near future the anticorruption bodies of Ukraine will resume their work in full, as well as the implementation of judicial reform will be accelerated and the Constitutional Court will be rebooted. The President said this in an interview for ICTV in the framework of the Freedom of Speech program. There is enough gas in Ukraine today to provide consumers with at a stable price - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2021 - 21:39 "I want to reassure everyone. I believe that the authorities have taken many important, substantive and timely actions. Today there is enough gas for society, enough gas for consumers. Despite the gas shortage, which arose for obvious reasons in Europe, we have not just enough gas, but enough gas at normal prices, compared to European ones," said the President. Acceleration of vaccination and fight against forgery of PCR tests and COVID-19 certificates were discussed at a meeting with the President 18 October 2021 - 14:22 The increase in the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine, the acceleration of the vaccination process and the fight against forgery of PCR tests and vaccination certificates were discussed by participants of the conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The National Security and Defense Council chaired by the President approved the Defense Plan of Ukraine and adopted a decision on sanctions 15 October 2021 - 22:18 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council, at which the Defense Plan of Ukraine was approved and a decision was made to apply special economic and other restrictive measures to a number of individuals and companies. Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the implementation of the New Village pilot project in the Luhansk region 15 October 2021 - 15:34 During a working trip to the Luhansk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the implementation of the New Village pilot project in the Shul'hynka territorial community. The project aims to make public services available to residents of each community. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine