5 captures 30 Apr 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Mar APR May 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230430085158/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-radnikami-prezidentiv-estoniyi-la-82521 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:43 View all videos n latest news Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:42 We can stop terror and save people only with a sufficient number of high-quality weapons – address of President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 21:51 Daria Herasymchuk speaks about abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia at UN Security Council's special meeting 28 April 2023 - 20:40 With President of China, implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula, return of deported children from Russia, inadmissibility of supplying weapons to Russia were discussed – President of Ukraine 28 April 2023 - 19:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Presidents of the Czech Republic and Slovakia in Kyiv 28 April 2023 - 14:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic and Romania the issue of security guarantees for Ukraine 27 April 2023 - 20:29 On the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with foreign policy advisors to the Presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Romania. Andriy Yermak thanked the interlocutors for the comprehensive assistance provided by their countries to Ukraine during the full-scale Russian invasion. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the importance of further movement towards the unity of NATO countries' positions on Ukraine's membership in the Alliance in the context of the upcoming summit in Vilnius. "This is evidenced by President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and our official position: our principled position is that we see no alternative to Ukraine's membership in NATO," said Andriy Yermak. At the same time, the Head of the President's Office noted that an important decision must be made to provide Ukraine with effective security guarantees until our country becomes a member of the Alliance. These security guarantees cannot replace or substitute for Ukraine's membership in NATO, but will serve as a guarantee of Ukraine's security until full membership in the Alliance, which has no alternatives. Andriy Yermak also emphasized the importance of a strong political signal from NATO regarding a clear algorithm for Ukraine's approach to membership in the Alliance. "Today, thanks to you, thanks to the United States and other partners, the unity that you have created and that is being maintained is a powerful weapon," he said. The representatives of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and Romania, in turn, once again reaffirmed their countries' full support for Ukraine and its future full membership in NATO and the European Union. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine