1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030933/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=54 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine would like China to be on the side of a just peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:28 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it important that the People's Republic of China shows interest in the issue of ending Russia's war against Ukraine, and he would like to have more specifics on the steps proposed for a peaceful settlement. All Ukrainians are waiting for victorious steps and liberation of our land, but we need to prepare for this – President 24 February 2023 - 22:19 "I am sure that there will be a victory. Yes, I really want it this year. We have everything for this: motivation, confidence, friends, diplomacy, journalists. We united all our forces against this onslaught," Zelenskyy said. President: I believe those guilty of war crimes in Ukraine will be justly punished 24 February 2023 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the military and political leadership of Russia will be brought to justice for war crimes committed in Ukraine, and he hopes for the help of the Netherlands in this process. Ukraine grateful to Japan for its support, in particular within G7 – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 21:05 Ukraine is grateful to Japan for the support it provides to our country, in particular for its central role within the G7 presidency. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference for representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The year of Invincibility." My task is to do everything so that the world does not weaken its support for Ukraine – President 24 February 2023 - 20:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it necessary to make every effort so that the world preserves unity around Ukraine and continues supporting our country in its struggle for freedom and independence. President of Ukraine takes part in meeting of G7 leaders via video link 24 February 2023 - 19:21 Ukraine withstood the full-scale invasion of Russia one year and started to liberate its lands from occupation, so it is necessary to make efforts so that the aggression is defeated this year and peace returns to our country. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech via a video link at the meeting of the G7 leaders. Implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula to make it possible to proceed to diplomatic fixation of end of war – President 24 February 2023 - 18:55 The implementation of all points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will make it possible to restore international law and move to the diplomatic documenting of the end of the war in Ukraine. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this at a press conference for Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The year of Invincibility." Head of State has phone conversation with President of Türkiye 24 February 2023 - 18:09 The President of Ukraine thanked the Turkish leader for his words of support on this symbolic day for Ukraine. Today we can announce Ukraine receives first Leopard tanks from Poland – President after meeting with Mateusz Morawiecki in Kyiv 24 February 2023 - 17:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, who is in our country on a visit. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mateusz Morawiecki talked to Ukrainian soldiers undergoing treatment after wounds 24 February 2023 - 13:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, who is on a visit to our country, visited one of the Kyiv hospitals where wounded Ukrainian defenders are undergoing treatment. 1 2 ... 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine