6 captures 04 Nov 2023 - 07 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231104164950/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-radnikom-prezidenta-86785 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine can accomplish significant achievements when working together in the interests of its independence and all Ukrainians – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 4 November 2023 - 17:34 View all videos n latest news Ukraine can accomplish significant achievements when working together in the interests of its independence and all Ukrainians – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 4 November 2023 - 17:32 The decision to open negotiations on Ukraine's EU membership to be of pivotal significance in the history of all of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 15:25 The President of Ukraine, together with the President of the European Commission, greet Ukrainian railway workers on their professional holiday 4 November 2023 - 12:56 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of South African Republic 4 November 2023 - 11:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 4 November 2023 - 12:19 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with the National Security Advisor to the President of South African Republic 4 November 2023 - 11:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the Republic of South Africa Sydney Mufamadi. Andriy Yermak expressed his gratitude for the participation of the Republic of South Africa, and Sydney Mufamadi personally, in all national security advisors' meetings in Malta, Jeddah, and Copenhagen. The interlocutors discussed in detail the outcomes of the third meeting that took place in Malta on October 28-29, regarding the restoration of a sustainable and just peace based on the Ukrainian Peace Formula. "The meeting in Malta was successful, constructive, and led to concrete results. All of this was made possible due to the unwavering support of influential countries like the Republic of South Africa. In particular, as a continuation of the agreements reached on the sidelines of the 78th session of the UN General Assembly in New York during the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa," the Head of the Office of the President said. Andriy Yermak and Sydney Mufamadi agreed to continue their constructive dialogue and coordinated the upcoming schedule of intergovernmental contacts in the near future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine