35 captures 30 Aug 2024 - 08 Feb 2026 Jul AUG Sep 30 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240830195144/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-povinni-posilitis-i-beregti-lyudej-osobovij-sklad-usih-na-92917 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:16 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian Delegation Discussed with Lloyd Austin the Needs of the Defense Forces and the Joint Production of Weapons 30 August 2024 - 20:20 We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:13 Ukraine and Montenegro Have Initiated Consultations on a Bilateral Security Agreement 30 August 2024 - 18:46 Gratitude to Every Warrior and All Fallen Ukrainian Heroes Who Return Home on Their Shields – Address by the President 29 August 2024 - 20:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Hands Over the Orders of the Golden Star and Housing Certificates to the Families of the Fallen Defenders Awarded the Title of Hero of Ukraine 29 August 2024 - 16:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Must Strengthen Ourselves and Take Care of People, of Personnel – of All Our Warriors – Address by the President 30 August 2024 - 20:13 Dear Ukrainians! Rescue operations are currently underway in Kharkiv where Russian bombs hit. Unfortunately, there are dead people. Among them is a child. A girl, Sofia. She would have turned 15 this fall. My condolences to all the families and friends. There are many injured. Everyone is receiving help, and the rescuers are doing everything they can to save as many lives as possible. I thank everyone who is involved and who is supporting Kharkiv and Kharkiv residents. These are terrible, vile Russian strikes directly on buildings, on a city park. Russia will definitely be held accountable for all its evil. But everyone in the world must remember that the most effective tactic is to prevent evil from acting. We need decisions that can be made by our partners, by those countries on whom it depends – whether we have the ability to destroy Russian military aircraft exactly where they are based, exactly where the elimination of these terrorists and their aircraft can be the most effective. We in Ukraine, along with our friends around the world, are not just talking about long-range decisions. About strong decisions. About things that can bring us closer to ending this war, because, for Putin, the most important aspect of his wars is the terror against civilians, the intimidation, and the abuse of people. This is how the Russian evil came everywhere, to Syria, and Georgia, and Ukraine. They have the same terror tactics everywhere, and we must put a stop to this. It can be ensured by our, Ukrainian, long-range capabilities, with appropriate support for our Defense Forces and air defense systems for Ukraine. All the things we are talking about with our partners. Today we had many meetings about our military work. There was a report by the Chief of the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine. Today, I also held a meeting of the Staff. First, there was a report by the Commander-in-Chief about the front, with a focus on the Pokrovsk direction. Toretsk. Defense against Russian assaults. The most challenging areas. It is crucial that everyone, at all state levels, who is involved in this, really make their maximum efforts to ensure our resilience and that of our warriors. And I thank everyone who is now really effectively destroying the occupier and protecting our positions. I thank every soldier and commander, everyone who produces and supplies the necessary weapons, shells, drones. Also today, the Commander-in-Chief reported on the development of our actions in the Kursk region. The daily result there, which is important for all of us, is the replenishment of the exchange fund for Ukraine. And the more this replenishment is, the more of our people we will be able to bring back from Russian captivity. This is our strategic priority. Also today, at the Staff meeting, I received reports on preparations for the school year. This is the personal responsibility of Government officials: both the Prime Minister and the Ministers. The maximum number of schools should be opened offline – first of all, this is a question of shelters. Also, the readiness of schools to meet the existing energy challenges. This is the direct task of the Government. And today there were several important dialogues on energy – the consequences of the strikes and the defense that should be in place. And in the Staff meetings, it was repeatedly discussed and decided what to do, how to act, what to provide. Now it is time to draw conclusions. I have decided to replace the Commander of the Air Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. I am immensely grateful to all our military pilots, all engineers, all warriors of mobile firing groups, air defense units. All those who really fight for Ukraine – for the result. And the same goes for the command level – we must strengthen ourselves. And take care of people. Take care of personnel – take care of all our warriors. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine