3 captures 16 Jan 2021 - 29 Jun 2022 May JUN Jul 29 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220629013538/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-oznajomivsya-z-obyektami-velikogo-budivnictva-65265 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Law enforcers and intelligence of Ukraine are doing everything to identify all Russian servicemen who are responsible for terror against our cities - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 29 June 2022 - 00:26 View all videos n latest news Law enforcers and intelligence of Ukraine are doing everything to identify all Russian servicemen who are responsible for terror against our cities - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 29 June 2022 - 00:19 It is necessary that Russia stops killing people, it is necessary to bring it to justice for terrorism - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the UN Security Council 29 June 2022 - 00:00 President held a meeting on preparing Ukraine for EU membership after obtaining candidate status 28 June 2022 - 17:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with American actor and director Sean Penn 28 June 2022 - 16:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the Republic of Moldova in Kyiv 27 June 2022 - 15:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President got himself acquainted with the objects of the Large Construction in the Dnipropetrovsk region 26 November 2020 - 16:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, got himself acquainted with the construction of the Southern Bypass of Dnipro, which is carried out in the framework of the National Program "Large Construction". Oleksandr Kubrakov, Head of the State Agency of Automobile Roads of Ukraine (Ukravtodor), noted that the new section of the road will facilitate road traffic in the city of Dnipro. "When this section is completed, all traffic entering Dnipro via the Southern Bridge will bypass (the city - ed.) and enter the H-08 highway in the direction of Zaporizhzhia," he said. According to Oleksandr Kubrakov, the commissioning of the facility is scheduled for 2021. The President inquired about the reconstruction of the Dnipro airport. Head of the Dnipropetrovsk Regional State Administration Oleksandr Bondarenko noted that the construction of a new airport terminal is underway. The President also got himself acquainted with the results of the reconstruction of the H-23 Kropyvnytskyi - Kryvyi Rih - Zaporizhzhia highway. In 2020, 105.3 km of the road was repaired. "Now the road from Kryvyi Rih to Kropyvnytskyi is ready. Next year we are planning the Kryvyi Rih - Zaporizhzhia section,” Oleksandr Kubrakov said. According to the Head of Ukravtodor, the repair of the M-12 highway in the area between the cities of Kropyvnytskyi and Uman is underway. "It's great that you built (the road - ed.). That's nice," the President said. ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 26 November 2020 - 11:06 ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 26 November 2020 - 11:06 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine