1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233444/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a conversation with the Secretary of State of the Holy See 5 July 2023 - 21:51 The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude to Pietro Parolin for his willingness to facilitate the process of returning Ukrainian children illegally deported by Russia to their homeland. Briefing for diplomats of the Baltic States and Northern Europe on countering full-scale invasion of Russia was held in the Office of the President of Ukraine 5 July 2023 - 13:48 During the briefing, the diplomats were informed about the general situation in Ukraine, the current situation on the frontline and the assessment of the prospects for further actions of Russian troops, which continue to strive to reach the administrative borders of Donetsk and Luhansk regions and retain the land corridor to the temporarily occupied Crimea. Andriy Yermak, together with American diplomats and businessmen, visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's fight against Russian aggression and US assistance in this war 4 July 2023 - 21:45 Andriy Yermak and US Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink, along with other participants of the meeting, watched, among other things, new exhibitions about the US assistance to Ukraine in the war of liberation against the Russian occupiers. Yermak-McFaul International Working Group presents new document on tightening sanctions against the Russian military-industrial complex 4 July 2023 - 19:33 The International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) Ambassador Michael McFaul, has presented a new report ( № 12) aimed at restricting the Russian military-industrial complex's access to Western technologies. Andriy Yermak discusses implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with heads of G7, G19, Denmark, UN diplomatic missions 1 July 2023 - 12:42 The head of the President's Office said that the meeting with foreign diplomats took place at the Center for the Protection of Children's Rights because it is dedicated to the problem of illegal deportation of minor citizens of Ukraine, whose return is a priority for our state. President of Ukraine strengthens interaction with businesses – Rostyslav Shurma on the results of the meeting of the Head of State with entrepreneurs 30 June 2023 - 20:09 Based on the results of the meeting, several decisions, aimed at improving business doing conditions, were made. In particular, the Office of the President plans to develop a concept that would consolidate inspection functions in one government body instead of several, as it is now. Oleksiy Kuleba meets with director of International Republican Institute in Ukraine 30 June 2023 - 18:52 The interlocutors discussed further cooperation and the development of communities and regions in the conditions of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation. On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak had a phone call with national security advisors in the Quad format 30 June 2023 - 09:34 The topic of the conversation was also the provision of effective security guarantees to Ukraine, in particular the preparation of a relevant multilateral document on this issue. They also discussed the state of preparation for the NATO Summit in Vilnius and the expected results. The first meeting of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War took place in Kyiv 30 June 2023 - 09:06 Following the inaugural meeting, the members of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War issued a joint statement. Briefing for the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War was held in the Office of the President 29 June 2023 - 20:51 The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a briefing for members of the International Working Group on the Environmental Consequences of War dedicated to the situation in Ukraine, Russia's war crimes and the consequences of blowing up the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant. 1 2 ... 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine