10 captures 26 Jan 2023 - 18 Jul 2025 Dec JAN Feb 26 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230126094201/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-na-zustrichi-zi-studentami-arhitektorami-rozp-80601 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:41 View all videos n latest news Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should lay the foundation for the start of negotiations on Ukraine's accession to the EU already this year - Ihor Zhovkva 26 January 2023 - 09:32 We must form a tank fist of freedom whose hits will not let tyranny stand up again - address by the President of Ukraine 25 January 2023 - 21:39 Olena Zelenska spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions at a meeting with architecture students 25 January 2023 - 21:05 Andriy Yermak introduced Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Oleksiy Kuleba to the RMA representatives 25 January 2023 - 21:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Finland in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:41 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions at a meeting with architecture students 25 January 2023 - 21:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a dialogue with architecture students and representatives of the professional community on the future of Ukrainian cities, comfortable and barrier-free for residents, and spoke about the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions. The dialogue took place online and offline with the participation of Oleksandr Kubrakov, Deputy Prime Minister for Restoration of Ukraine and Minister for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development, representatives of professional and expert circles, architectural bureaus, and heads of regional military administrations. The Album of Barrier-Free Solutions is a practical guide that recommends and demonstrates how the urban environment can be friendly to different users. The developers of the Album, the team of the Big City Lab urban bureau, involved experts in the fields of urban planning, construction, human diversity, and other areas related to the creation of public space. "Imagine a person in a wheelchair living on the top floor of a regular five-story building. An air alert sounds. In a few minutes, the first explosion is heard. Do you think this person can get to the shelter quickly? People with limited mobility are now at greater risk than others. Even the way to safety is dangerous for them. This war has shown us that a barrier-free environment is not a formality. It is a matter of survival," Olena Zelenska noted. The President's wife reminded that the first section of the Album (on accessible porches and courtyards) was presented at the end of 2021, and after the full-scale invasion of Russia, it was adapted to wartime conditions. Three new sections of the manual dedicated to street infrastructure, public space and public buildings and structures also take into account new realities. For example, they describe what to look for when designing shelters and what vulnerable groups should be taken into account, what types of glass are safer than others, and how to plan the entrance to a temporary hospital building. There are also recommendations for pedestrian-safe roadblocks and anti-tank hedgehogs, light camouflage of streets, and installation of emergency aid stands with defibrillators. It emphasizes the importance of sensory relief rooms for those who are sensitive to light and sound, accessible showers and places to eat in shelters. "It's up to architects and builders to create a space around our people - those with prostheses or wheelchairs, those with visual or mental disabilities, the elderly, mothers with children, all of us, because no one really needs obstacles. The war has created many of them already. The principles of barrier-free access should be included in university curricula. And not just specialized ones. Because all of us, regardless of our profession, must see people first and foremost behind all our actions and how we can make their lives easier," Olena Zelenska said. For his part, Oleksandr Kubrakov emphasized: "The problem of accessibility of urban infrastructure for people with limited mobility is a systemic problem in Ukraine. We are working in three key areas to overcome it. These are the development of barrier-free rules and standards, strengthening control and responsibility for their observance, and raising awareness of the principles of barrier-free accessibility among responsible persons. I am grateful to First Lady Olena Zelenska for her leadership in this process, which allows us to constantly move forward with the issue of creating a barrier-free space despite the war." "In this terrible war, we are fighting for people, for their decent lives. Therefore, barrier-free access is about human-centeredness, security and life itself," the First Lady added. All sections of the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions are available for download here. The Album of Barrier-Free Solutions was created as part of the "Without Barriers" initiative of First Lady Olena Zelenska . The project was implemented by Bezbaryernist NGO in cooperation with the Ministry for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine as part of the "Integrated Urban Development in Ukraine II" project, which is implemented by the German government company Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH and funded by the governments of Germany and Switzerland. The developer of the Album of Barrier-Free Solutions is the Big City Lab urban bureau. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine