9 captures 07 Apr 2024 - 21 Apr 2025 Mar APR May 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240407020734/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dyakuyu-kozhnomu-j-kozhnij-hto-berezhe-normalnist-zhittya-zv-90113 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I thank everyone who preserves normal living – address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news I thank everyone who preserves normal living – address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2024 - 20:47 I believe we'll be able to achieve a positive vote from the U.S. Congress – President of Ukraine in an interview with the Unified News telethon 6 April 2024 - 19:39 Ukraine relies on a combined defense against guided aerial bombs 6 April 2024 - 19:36 The first inaugural Peace Summit in Switzerland: Ukraine expects around 100 countries to take part in it 6 April 2024 - 19:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A working trip of the President of Ukraine to Chernihiv region 5 April 2024 - 18:00 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches I thank everyone who preserves normal living – address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2024 - 20:47 Dear Ukrainians! Important words of gratitude for today and this week. Gratitude to everyone in Kharkiv, Zaporizhzhia, Odesa, Kherson, Mykolaiv, Donetsk region, and all border communities. To those who work after Russian strikes, who help people, who clear debris, who restore normal living. To all our rescuers from Ukraine's State Emergency Service, medical workers, police officers, energy workers, repair teams, municipal crews, and volunteers. I thank everyone who preserves normal living. Last night and this afternoon – new Russian strikes on Kharkiv. Cruel, vile strikes. Almost everything they have was used: surface-to-air missiles, Shahed drones, and aerial bombs. Another missile strike on Odesa. Just a vile strike yesterday on Zaporizhzhia. Among the victims were journalists who were on the scene, documenting the aftermath of the first strike. And then there was a repeated strike. Currently, correspondent Olha Zvonariova from the Ukrinform agency is still in intensive care. TSN correspondent Kira Oves was also injured. I wish them and all affected a speedy recovery. We will strike back at Russia for every attack, for every act of terror against our people and state. Ukraine's defense and security forces are working on this. Now I want to personally single out those of our people who have particularly distinguished themselves these days, helping save lives after Russian strikes. Zaporizhzhia – these are rescuers Borys Serdiuk, Dmytro Borodatyi, Oleksandr Kulenko, and our police officers Andrii Hrachov and Mykhailo Malakhov. They were among the first to arrive and provide assistance even despite the repeated strikes. Emergency workers from Zaporizhzhia, Olena Kostriukova, Yaroslav Bardakov, and Olena Starykovska. Thank you! Kharkiv – our rescuers Vitalii Shkola, Volodymyr Tyshkov, Maksym Ashymkhin, and Maksym Vasyleha, emergency medical workers Marharyta Artemenko and Oleksandr Bairachnyi, our police officers Ruslan Osmanov and Roman Shapovalov. I thank all of you and your colleagues! Every week there is a reason to commend the workers in Kherson region. Ukraine's State Emergency Service, particularly firefighters, our rescuers Artem Kovalchuk and Dmytro Pryshko, Oleksii Fedko. Police sergeants Serhii Drozd and Bohdan Kot. I thank all the doctors, all the hospital nurses, and all the volunteers who support healthcare in Kherson region. And especially deserving of gratitude this week are Yurii Shashkin, Viktoriia Hanzha, Oksana Horban. Thank you! Our state's resilience is made up of the expertise and dedication of people like you throughout the country, many of those who do everything within their power to ensure that life prevails despite all the circumstances of war. We'll go above and beyond to ensure that the world continues to support Ukraine and truly sees how heroic our people are, how Ukrainians defend their state, their cities, and villages, how they rebuild their lives despite everything, and how they defeat the occupier. That's exactly what Russia deserves – Russia deserves to lose for what it is doing, for its terror. I thank every our soldier who fights for Ukraine. I thank everyone who works to ensure that Ukraine can endure and prevail. I thank everyone who cares for their neighbor and all of Ukraine. Glory to Ukraine! Thank you! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine