8 captures 02 Dec 2022 - 18 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221202133908/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-sektor-bezpeki-j-oboroni-u-proekti-derzhavnogo-byudzhetu-77577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news We will guarantee spiritual independence to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 December 2022 - 22:47 First Lady of Ukraine met with the King Charles III of the United Kingdom 1 December 2022 - 17:51 Congratulations from President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of the Day of the Employees of the Prosecution Bodies of Ukraine 1 December 2022 - 17:18 Yermak-McFaul Sanctions Group published research on Russian oil price caps 1 December 2022 - 15:26 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to Great Britain 30 November 2022 - 13:54 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The draft state budget for 2023 will provide more than UAH 1 trillion for the security and defense sector - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 September 2022 - 10:19 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the draft state budget for 2023 will provide more than UAH 1 trillion for the security and defense sector, as well as indexation of pensions. He announced this in a video address, commenting on the results of the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Minister of Finance and the relevant Deputy Head of the Office of the President. “It is clear that this will be the budget of a warring country. Government officials will present the parameters of the project, but I will now mention some important points - politically important points. First. More than a trillion hryvnias will be allocated to the security and defense sector next year. That will be priority number one,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The second important point, according to the President, is ensuring social obligations in full. “In particular, I want Ukrainian pensioners to hear me: next year, as well as this year, the government is tasked with indexing pensions for all our pensioners,” he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy named the third point to be taken into account when preparing the draft state budget for 2023 as the maximum reduction of all non-critical state expenditures in order to withstand difficult times and ensure financial and social stability. “All that does not help defense, does not help the economic development of the country, social and cultural provision of our people. Accordingly, the government should present a program to reduce expenditures on the state enterprises, on the apparatus, on the institutions that do not meet the needs of this special time. I am waiting for proposals from government officials,” the Head of State noted. In addition, according to the President, the draft state budget for 2023 should provide for decisions on the intensification of economic relations in the country. “The lending program "5-7-9%" is maintained. There will also be other programs and solutions that should help businesses work, save jobs and attract new employees,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed. “And fifth. A special recovery fund will be established, which will be filled, in particular, at the expense of confiscated Russian assets,” he added. The President expressed his belief that the draft budget will be submitted to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on time, as required by law. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine