5 captures 13 Feb 2023 - 25 Mar 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230323235731/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-mi-hochemo-shob-ukrayinski-diti-stali-pokolin-80937 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:34 President of Ukraine spoke in an online format at a meeting of the European Council and told five key reasons protracting the war and pushing peace further away 23 March 2023 - 20:48 If Europe hesitates, evil can prepare itself for years of war, it is in your power not to allow this to happen - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the European Council meeting 23 March 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: We want Ukrainian children to become a generation of victory, not a generation of war 11 February 2023 - 14:03 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska in an interview with the Logo! show spoke about the situation in which Ukrainian children found themselves due to Russian aggression and the conditions in which they had to live and study. "Danger. If I were to describe their situation in one word. They are constantly in danger. Living in danger is not something many adults can do, but our children have to do it every day. They feel and understand adult things. They become adults early. They cannot plan and dream freely. They miss many important things," the President's wife said. The first lady said that she would not want Ukrainian children to carry the trauma of the war with them for the rest of their lives: "We in Ukraine do not want them to become a generation of war. We want them to become a generation of victory. I believe it will be so." Zelenska also answered the question of why Ukraine needs weapons from its partners. "Without a weapon, it is impossible to defend against an attacker. You can only surrender or die. Every day of delay means new deaths. Imagine yourself in our place. You're putting your baby to bed, but you're not sure if you're going to say "Good morning." This uncertainty is exhausting. I think conscious people in the world will understand this," she said. Logo! is a children's show produced by the German public broadcaster ZDF since 1989. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine