10 captures 02 Nov 2024 - 17 Feb 2026 Oct NOV Dec 02 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241102225028/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/greciya-nadavatime-dodatkovi-resursi-dlya-priskorennya-pidgo-93893 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In October, More Than 2,000 “Shahed” Drones Were Used Against Ukraine, Literally, Every Single Day – Address by the President 2 November 2024 - 20:41 View all videos n latest news In October, More Than 2,000 “Shahed” Drones Were Used Against Ukraine, Literally, Every Single Day – Address by the President 2 November 2024 - 20:38 First Thousands of North Korean Soldiers Are Not Far from Ukraine's Border – Address by the President 1 November 2024 - 22:38 At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Greece Will Provide Additional Resources to Accelerate F-16 Training for Ukrainian Pilots – Bilateral Agreement 17 October 2024 - 14:52 In Brussels, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic Kyriakos Mitsotakis signed a Security Cooperation Agreement. Since the beginning of Russia’s full-scale invasion, Greece has been providing military support to Ukraine, including material and technical assistance, as well as training. With this agreement, the Hellenic Republic confirms its readiness to continue meeting Ukraine’s most urgent defense needs. Together with its partners, Greece will provide additional resources to accelerate F-16 training for Ukrainian pilots and technicians. In addition, it includes economic partnership, security cooperation, support for sanctions against the Russian Federation, bringing the aggressor state to justice and compensation for damages, as well as cooperation in culture, education and the arts. Greece pledges to participate in the restoration and reconstruction of Ukraine, supports its future membership in the EU and NATO, and the Peace Formula. The document is signed in furtherance of the G7 Joint Declaration adopted in Vilnius on July 12, 2023. In total, Ukraine has already signed 27 bilateral agreements: with the UK, Germany, France, Denmark, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands, Finland, Latvia, Spain, Belgium, Portugal, Sweden, Iceland, Norway, Japan, the US, the EU, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, Luxembourg, Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Ireland, and Greece. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 17 October 2024 - 13:00 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Belgium 17 October 2024 - 13:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine