23 captures 08 May 2022 - 17 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220626233249/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/narodi-ukrayini-j-kanadi-stoyat-plich-o-plich-u-borotbi-za-s-74913 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs a powerful modern air defense, we talk about this with partners everyday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 June 2022 - 22:51 View all videos n latest news Ukraine needs a powerful modern air defense, we talk about this with partners everyday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 June 2022 - 22:47 No Russian missiles, no strikes can break the morale of Ukrainians - address by the President of Ukraine 25 June 2022 - 22:45 First Lady Olena Zelenska told the French media about Ukraine's resistance to Russian aggression 25 June 2022 - 16:48 Ukraine became a candidate for EU membership, Georgia is on this path – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the "Home, to Europe" rally in Tbilisi 25 June 2022 - 00:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Luxembourg in Kyiv 21 June 2022 - 16:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The people of Ukraine and Canada stand side by side in the struggle for freedom against Russian tyranny - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following a meeting with Justin Trudeau in Kyiv 8 May 2022 - 22:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau who is on a visit to our country. During the negotiations, the parties discussed Canada's support for our state in the struggle for independence and territorial integrity, as well as a number of bilateral issues. "The people of Ukraine and Canada stand side by side in the struggle for freedom against tyranny that Russia is trying to spread," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with Justin Trudeau. "The subject of our talks today was what we must do to liberate our territory from the occupiers as soon as possible, to return normal life to all Ukrainians. Canada's defense support for Ukraine was discussed in detail," the President said. According to the President, he informed the Prime Minister of Canada about the weapons that Ukraine needs to move faster to victory. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the Canadian delegation had the opportunity to visit today the suburbs of Kyiv, which was liberated from the occupiers, and see for themselves what destruction Russia leaves on our land. In this context, he called Canada's support for demining the de-occupied territories extremely important. "The Russian occupiers left thousands of mines, thousands of tripwire mines and shells. They are a threat to our people, our children. And today we have agreed to establish maximum cooperation in this direction, so that there are no such "exclusion zones" left in Ukraine, which cannot be entered due to the threat of Russian mines," the President said. The Head of State called economic support for Ukraine no less important. "Post-war reconstruction requires clear, bold, ambitious decisions comparable to the historic Marshall Plan. We agreed to work together to make this a reality," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that negotiations are underway with the Canadian side to lift trade restrictions for Ukrainian exporters, which will greatly help our economy. In addition, the President announced his intention to continue discussions on the abolition of the visa regime for citizens of Ukraine. "I am grateful to your team, I am grateful to each and everyone who is here with us today in words, in deeds and in personal presence. Together with us at such a difficult time," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, addressing Justin Trudeau. For his part, the Prime Minister of Canada reaffirmed the unwavering support for Ukraine, including financial and humanitarian support. Regarding arms assistance, he said Canada would provide anti-tank systems, satellite communications equipment and more. "We will provide everything needed and fund demining efforts," he added. The Prime Minister of Canada also assured of further assistance in the abolition of customs duties on imports from Ukraine. He noted that today he visited Irpin and saw with his own eyes the terrible consequences of the Russian occupation. "Obviously, Vladimir Putin is responsible for his heinous war crimes, and Canada will continue to support Ukraine in this war against Russia. We will stand side by side with you in this beautiful capital, which is full of light, culture and history. We will stay with you for years, decades and centuries to fight tyranny, and Putin and his allies will see that Ukraine will win," said Justin Trudeau. He also announced the resumption of the work of the Canadian embassy in Kyiv. At the end of the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in the presence of Justin Trudeau, presented state awards to Ukrainian rescuers who took part in the demining, using, in particular, Canadian equipment. Among the awarded was the dog Patron who was taught pyrotechnic work by his owner, Major of the Civil Protection Service Mykhailo Iliev. There are already 236 explosive devices found by Patron. In addition, the dog, along with pyrotechnics, is actively involved in mine security education. Children love him especially, and thanks to Patron they perceive information better. "Today I want to award those Ukrainian heroes who are already clearing our land of mines. And together with our heroes - a wonderful little sapper Patron who helps not only to neutralize explosives, but also to teach our children the necessary safety rules in areas where there is a mine threat," said the President of Ukraine. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Canada 8 May 2022 - 17:54 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Canada 8 May 2022 - 17:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine