5 captures 05 Apr 2024 - 10 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240407133108/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vruchiv-nagorodi-do-drugoyi-richnici-zvilnenn-90073 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos I thank everyone who preserves normal living – address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2024 - 20:52 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine invited United24 ambassadors to the summit on the anniversary of the platform's foundation 7 April 2024 - 15:39 I thank everyone who preserves normal living – address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2024 - 20:47 I believe we'll be able to achieve a positive vote from the U.S. Congress – President of Ukraine in an interview with the Unified News telethon 6 April 2024 - 19:39 Ukraine relies on a combined defense against guided aerial bombs 6 April 2024 - 19:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery A working trip of the President of Ukraine to Chernihiv region 5 April 2024 - 18:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Head of State presented awards on the occasion of the second anniversary of the liberation of Chernihiv region 5 April 2024 - 18:45 Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded military and civilians for the defense and liberation of Chernihiv region from Russian occupiers in the spring of 2022. "Millions of our people fought against the enemy, saved the lives of Ukrainians, did not submit to Russian evil, and did everything to ensure Ukraine endured. Thanks to the people's resistance, we managed to turn this war around – to stop the invaders and start pushing them out of our native land," he said. The Head of State called on everyone to always remember and be grateful to all our people who have chosen the path of defending Ukraine and aiding Ukrainian defense. Those present honored the memory of all Ukrainian heroes who gave their lives so that our country could live with a moment of silence. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented defenders with the Order "For Courage" III class and medals "For Military Service to Ukraine." The awards were given to soldiers of the Armed Forces, National Guard, police, and border guards. The President honored rescuers and doctors who showed heroism and courage in resisting Russian occupiers at the onset of the full-scale invasion. He awarded them with medals "For Saved Life." Medical workers were also bestowed the title of "Honored Doctor of Ukraine." Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the President of Ukraine's "Golden Heart" award to volunteer and entrepreneur Oksana Kovalenko. Her enterprise was the only one working during the Russian blockade of Chernihiv, providing people with bread. Oksana Kovalenko continues to provide humanitarian aid to residents of Chernihiv region, military units, and medical institutions. v Videos ph A working trip of the President of Ukraine to Chernihiv region 5 April 2024 - 18:00 ph A working trip of the President of Ukraine to Chernihiv region 5 April 2024 - 18:00 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine