1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233340/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=70 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President, First Lady together with Prime Ministers of Belgium, Lithuania honor memory of victims of famine in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:52 On the 90th anniversary of the Holodomor of 1932-1933, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky and First Lady Olena Zelenska together with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Belgium Alexander De Croo and Prime Minister of the Republic of Lithuania Ingrida Šimonytė took part in a ceremony to commemorate the victims of the famine in Ukraine. In gratitude to Lithuania for its support in fight against aggressor plaque with name of Prime Minister Ingrida Šimonytė unveiled on Alley of Courage in Kyiv 26 November 2022 - 19:07 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of the Republic of Lithuania Ingrida Šimonytė visited the Alley of Courage on Constitution Square in Kyiv and took part in the unveiling of a symbolic plaque with the name of the head of the Lithuanian government. Zelenskyy opens first international summit to implement Grain from Ukraine program initiated by Ukraine, designed to help countries suffering from hunger 26 November 2022 - 17:57 This program provides for purchase of foodstuffs from Ukrainian producers by partners and sending them to countries in Africa and Asia that are on the brink of famine. President of Ukraine, Prime Minister of Belgium discuss implementation of Grain From Ukraine initiative, sign declaration on support for our country's membership in EU, NATO 26 November 2022 - 13:08 The parties also discussed in detail the interaction of the two states in the UN, in the structures of the European Union and at other international levels. Head of state inspects residential building in Vyshgorod damaged in Russian missile attack, visits Points of Invincibility 25 November 2022 - 20:18 President of Ukraine visited the city of Vyshgorod, Kyiv region on a working trip and inspected a four-story residential building damaged by a Russian missile attack on November 23. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy got acquainted with the work of the mobile and stationary Points of Invincibility, which open in Vyshgorod. President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs of the United Kingdom 25 November 2022 - 12:42 The Head of State highly appreciated the unwavering support for Ukraine and all our people from Great Britain. He separately thanked the British government for defense aid to our country, which this year reached 2.3 billion pounds. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 24 November 2022 - 19:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief on Thursday. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 November 2022 - 12:40 The participants of the meeting listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the troops of strategic directions regarding the situation on the frontline, in particular in the hottest areas of the front. Staff members also considered the issue of providing units of the defense forces with the necessary weapons and equipment. A plaque dedicated to philanthropist José Andrés appeared on the Walk of the Brave 21 November 2022 - 17:30 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented founder of World Central Kitchen charity organization José Andrés a plaque with his name, which was unveiled on the Walk of the Brave on Constitution Square in Kyiv. On the occasion of the Day of Dignity and Freedom and the Day of Airborne Assault Troops, the President presented state awards to military and civilians 21 November 2022 - 16:31 "Today we mark two holidays united by the bravery and freedom-loving nature of Ukrainians. And today I have an honor to present state awards to those whose bravery really protects the freedom of Ukraine and whose help in the defense of Ukraine is really worthy of mention in the history textbooks of our country," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine in the Mariyinsky Palace. 1 2 ... 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine