4 captures 11 May 2024 - 17 May 2025 Apr MAY Jun 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240511053340/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-ugoda-z-portugaliyeyu-ukrayina-provela-she-odin-ra-90757 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:24 View all videos n latest news No Matter What, We Are Preparing a Global Peace Summit So That the World's Majority Can Force Russia into Peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his Address 10 May 2024 - 22:00 We are Adding More Forces to Kharkiv Directions, We Are Providing Everything Required to Protect Our Positions — Address by the President 10 May 2024 - 21:25 The Successes of our Fight at the Front and of the Global Peace Summit will Give Result for a Just Peace in Ukraine – Andriy Yermak 10 May 2024 - 20:28 Shelters in Kremenchuk, Restored and Equipped by the Olena Zelenska Foundation, Are Ready to Accommodate Children 10 May 2024 - 20:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine Met with the President of the European Parliament in Kyiv 9 May 2024 - 15:43 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Security Agreement with Portugal: Ukraine Held Another Round of Negotiations 8 May 2024 - 18:05 Ukraine held another round of talks with Portugal on a bilateral security agreement in furtherance of the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine. According to the Presidential decree, the Ukrainian official delegation is headed by the Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak. Today's round of talks was led by the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva. “We managed to make significant progress in this new round of negotiations. We anticipate the signing of the agreement by our leaders in the near future,” Ihor Zhovkva noted. The parties continued their work on the draft document and agreed on a schedule of upcoming high-level events aimed at signing the agreement. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine