5 captures 27 Jun 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 27 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240627105041/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-formuyemo-komandi-j-grupi-yaki-rozroblyatimut-plani-dij-z-91789 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Forming Teams and Groups That Will Develop Action Plans According to the Peace Formula; We Need Real Steps – the Address by the President of Ukraine to the Organization of American States 27 June 2024 - 10:10 View all videos n latest news We Are Forming Teams and Groups That Will Develop Action Plans According to the Peace Formula; We Need Real Steps – the Address by the President of Ukraine to the Organization of American States 27 June 2024 - 10:09 The President Honored the Memory of Fallen Defenders of Ukraine at Lychakiv Cemetery 27 June 2024 - 09:48 An Exhibition Dedicated to the Participation of Ukrainian Athletes in the Olympic Games Was Opened in Kyiv 26 June 2024 - 16:10 Olena Zelenska: Ukrainian Children Know That Life and Freedom Must Be Fought For 26 June 2024 - 12:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Donetsk Region 26 June 2024 - 11:25 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Are Forming Teams and Groups That Will Develop Action Plans According to the Peace Formula; We Need Real Steps – the Address by the President of Ukraine to the Organization of American States 27 June 2024 - 10:09 Dear Secretary General ! Dear friends ! Thank you for your respecting the international law and the UN Charter. It is about what should unite each and everyone in the world – every state and each leader who want peace for their nations. Now it is a special time for all of us. Time when we will either fully restore the force of the international law, when treaties and conventions defining the rules for life of nations – really work. Or when there will be no rules at all, and only force will define everything – only violence of some against others. It may seem to those who are far from the flames of war and don’t hear air alarms or artillery strikes that the threat is overblown. But war is, unfortunately, a virus that can be spread faster than any other. Chaos that war provokes in one part of the world can cause such waves of instability that they will go around the whole planet more than once or twice and the price of that may be frightening. And in fact, it was already felt – in particular as a result of Russian strikes against our country. When Russian blockade of Ukrainian sea ports caused disorder and hikes in food prices in many regions of the world. Or when Russian nuclear blackmail has once again reminded many nations how fragile global security is. There is no region in the world for which the rules that Russian aggression is breaking – would be unimportant. We equally appreciate the principle of territorial integrity of the states and sovereignty of the nations. We respect every nation and strive to provide all possibilities to live normally for our children. Be it Latin America or Africa, or Europe or Asia – we all in the world want safety from wars and deportations, from the destruction of our cities and kidnapping of our children. It is security that we must guarantee. And only in unity we can do it. And that is why we have recently achieved such a success – one hundred and one participants of the first Peace Summit. And we are increasing the support of the world community of our efforts – I thank everyone who joins the Peace Summit Communiqué. We will certainly implement all of its points. Dear friends! We are forming teams and groups that will develop action plans according to the Peace Formula. We need real steps – everything that can bring just and lasting peace closer to us – Ukrainians, and hence reliable stability for everyone in the world. And it must be done really fairly – not behind the scenes. Peace with such an aggressor as Moscow can’t be bargained. Like any other gangster, the Kremlin will want more. But even Russia can be forced to peace and recognition of all principles and purposes of the UN Charter. I thank you for supporting our efforts and invite you to common work. So that already at the Second Global Peace Summit we will be able to define the path – the path, how just peace will prevail over cruel war. Thank you for being responsive, despite the distance between us is vast. However, this distance is geographical – not in terms of values. We equally respect peace! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine