1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013910/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-predstavnikami-ukrayinskih-ta-ino-83853 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media 28 June 2023 - 09:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media to discuss negotiations on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. He informed the journalists about the results of the talks held by the Ukrainian delegation in Copenhagen with national security advisors to the leaders of Brazil, the United Kingdom, Denmark, the European Union, Italy, India, Canada, Germany, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, the United States, Türkiye, France, and Japan. Andriy Yermak emphasized that during these meetings, substantive consultations were held on the key principles of peace based on the Formula proposed by the President of Ukraine. "Everyone shares the basic principles on which our Peace Formula is based. Everyone is united in their desire to do everything in their power to end this war. Everyone knows what victory means for us. There can be no compromises on the territories," he said. According to the Head of the President's Office, the participants of the meetings agreed that this format is extremely effective and will be continued. "Everyone agrees that the peace summit should take place. Ukraine will do everything to ensure that this summit is held as soon as possible. But everyone wants it to end with concrete decisions," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office also emphasized that the Ukrainian side has once again clearly emphasized that as long as there is at least one Russian soldier on our territory, there can be no thoughts of negotiations with the aggressor state. "And we are ready to talk on the basis of our plan to responsible countries that respect our sovereignty, territorial integrity, independence, and our just struggle," he emphasized. Andriy Yermak is convinced that it is the Ukrainian Peace Formula that should become the basis for ending the war, as the fighting continues on our territory. The implementation of the Formula will solve the entire range of pressing issues, from nuclear and food security to environmental and humanitarian risks. In addition, the implementation of the Peace Formula will help find solutions to a range of potential threats that arise during armed conflicts in other regions of the world. Speaking about Ukraine's expectations from the July NATO Summit in Vilnius, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized that consultations with all partner countries are ongoing. "The whole team is working. There was a very good conversation between President Zelenskyy and President Biden. I am optimistic. I can't say what exactly will happen now, but we are working very hard with our partners to ensure that Ukraine gets what we need," added Andriy Yermak. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine