7 captures 11 Aug 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230811160909/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-tam-de-nashi-partneri-vikoristovuyut-slovo-do-84785 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine remains a guarantor of food security and has access to global markets - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 17:11 View all videos n latest news We are doing everything to ensure that Ukraine remains a guarantor of food security and has access to global markets - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 17:10 President of Ukraine and President of Zambia discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula and prolongation of the "grain corridor" 11 August 2023 - 15:33 People who know exactly what war is should run the system of territorial recruitment centers - address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 August 2023 - 14:15 President held the NSDC meeting on the results of the inspection of the territorial recruitment centers 11 August 2023 - 13:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards on the Day of the Signal Troops of the AFU 8 August 2023 - 16:55 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Where our partners use the word "long", we need the word "faster" 8 August 2023 - 16:59 Ukraine wants the war to end as soon as possible, and the international community's assistance should be aimed precisely at this, First Lady Olena Zelenska said in a video interview with The Independent. "We constantly hear from our Western partners that they will be with us for as long as it takes. But the word "long" is not the word we should use. We should use the word "faster"," the President's wife said, commenting on the topic of global support for Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression. According to the First Lady, the aggressor's victory would be the worst case scenario for all of humanity: "It would mean that global deterrence factors do not work. It would mean that anyone with power, strength and sufficient financial resources can do whatever they want in this world." She emphasized that Ukraine is currently not only defending its interests, but also trying to preserve the democratic balance in the world. "Ukrainians are paying for this with the lives of their fellow countrymen, while the rest of the world is simply paying with its resources," Olena Zelenska emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine