1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032755/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=42 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Every thousand meters of advancement, every success of each of our combat brigades deserves gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 14 July 2023 - 19:53 We must all understand very clearly - as clearly as possible - that the Russian forces on our southern and eastern lands are investing everything they can to stop our warriors. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India 14 July 2023 - 15:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the Indian delegation headed by Secretary (West) of the Ministry of External Affairs of India Sanjay Verma. Six states have already joined the G7 countries with which we agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine yesterday - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 22:32 When we put an end to this war by establishing Russia's defeat, respect and attention to Ukraine will be forever established in history - for all future generations of our people. Head of State and President of the Republic of South Africa discussed preparations for the Global Peace Summit and consolidation of support for Ukraine by African countries 13 July 2023 - 19:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa. Ihor Zhovkva met with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic 13 July 2023 - 19:26 The parties focused on the preparation of the Second Parliamentary Summit of the International Crimea Platform to be held in Prague at the end of October this year. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Zdeněk Beránek for the readiness of the Czech side to host the Summit in the capital of the country. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Ambassador of the Republic of Korea to Ukraine 13 July 2023 - 17:16 The interlocutors discussed preparations for the next meeting at the ambassadorial level on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the organization of the Global Peace Summit, in which the Republic of Korea plans to participate. Security guarantees received by Ukraine are not theoretical, they are an effective mechanism for effective defense of the state - Andriy Yermak on the results of the NATO Summit in Vilnius 13 July 2023 - 12:10 A key achievement was the approval by the G7 countries of a Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, including the provision of security guarantees until Ukraine joins NATO. During a visit to Lithuania, Olena Zelenska met with first ladies and gentlemen from other countries and Ukrainian forced migrants 13 July 2023 - 09:59 The Ukrainian Center is the first cultural and educational space for the needs of Ukrainian forced migrants in the EU. For the first time since independence, we have formed the foundation of security for Ukraine on its way to NATO - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 July 2023 - 00:32 Never before have the words "you are equal among equals" for Ukraine from other NATO members sounded truly meaningful. Now everyone understands that this is a fact. Equal among equals. And we will definitely reaffirm this fact with our victory. And with our accession to NATO. Volodymyr Zelenskyy does not rule out that Russia will try to block humanitarian initiatives after the G7 countries agreed on security guarantees for Ukraine 12 July 2023 - 22:02 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy does not rule out that Russia will react to the agreement by the G7 countries on security guarantees for Ukraine by attempting to block humanitarian initiatives in order to create new crises. He said this during a meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media following his visit to Lithuania and participation in the NATO Summit. 1 2 ... 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine