1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233424/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=37 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the UNICEF Ukraine Representative the urgent issues of support for Ukrainians during the war 1 November 2022 - 17:59 The parties discussed the issue of preparing schools for the education of Ukrainian children in war conditions and coordinated the relevant joint work. Andriy Yermak discussed with Ben Affleck the support for Ukraine in the world 1 November 2022 - 11:38 The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that today it is extremely important to maintain a high level of attention of the whole world to what is happening in our country. Russia can and will lose, but partners should help Ukraine with weapons - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Welt 31 October 2022 - 10:28 If Ukraine receives a sufficient number of weapons and equipment from its partners, it will be able to put an end to the Russian genocide of Ukrainians and protect the security of Europe. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, said this in an interview with the German TV channel Welt. During this war Ukraine's army and people showed that one may have no fear and not take too seriously what Russian propaganda says – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:24 Over time, the number of states that support Ukraine and do not trust Russian propaganda will grow, but we need to work on this. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, who participated via video call in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. Ukraine's victory is only way to avoid Russian aggression against other countries – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:13 The head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, called on the world community to increase pressure on the Russian Federation and increase the amount of aid to Ukraine, because only the defeat of the aggressor will make it impossible to wage similar wars against other countries of the world. He stated this participating online in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should serve as a driving force for continued and comprehensive support for Ukraine by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 28 October 2022 - 22:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Christian Danielsson, Minister for EU Affairs of the recently elected government of the Kingdom of Sweden headed by Ulf Kristersson. President honored the memory of the soldiers who gave their lives during the expulsion of the Nazis from Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 12:04 On the 78th anniversary of the expulsion of the Nazis from Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid a wreath at the Grave of the Unknown Soldier in the Eternal Glory Park in Kyiv. As part of the ongoing dialogue, Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 28 October 2022 - 09:09 As part of the ongoing dialogue with partners and allies of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor about the situation at the front and the measures taken by the Defense Forces to de-occupy Ukrainian territories. Andriy Yermak presented an action plan for the protection of Ukrainian prisoners held by Russia at the Conference of Ombudspersons and NHRIs 27 October 2022 - 14:03 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a video format in the Conference of Ombudspersons and NHRIs "Battle for Human Rights. Crimea. Ukraine. World", which took place in Zagreb (Croatia) in continuation of the Parliamentary Summit of Crimea Platform. Andriy Yermak, Valeriy Zaluzhny talk by phone with adviser to Prime Minister of UK 26 October 2022 - 20:01 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valeriy Zaluzhny had a phone talk with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the UK Timothy Barrow. 1 2 ... 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine