8 captures 14 Jun 2024 - 14 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240614044831/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/informacijnij-byuleten-dvostoronnya-bezpekova-ugoda-mizh-ukr-91509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:58 View all videos n latest news The G7 Summit’s Key Result for Us Is More Air Defense Systems for Our Cities – Address by the President 13 June 2024 - 23:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine and the United States Signed the Strongest Agreement Since Ukraine's Independence 13 June 2024 - 23:46 Bilateral security agreement between Ukraine and the United States of America 13 June 2024 - 22:22 Fact Sheet: Ukraine-U.S. Bilateral Security Agreement 13 June 2024 - 22:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy to Participate in the G7 Special Meeting 13 June 2024 - 17:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Fact Sheet: Ukraine-U.S. Bilateral Security Agreement 13 June 2024 - 22:18 On June 13th, 2024, President Zelenskyy and President Biden signed a historic Ukraine-U.S. Bilateral Security Agreement reflecting the close partnership between our two democracies. Today, the United States is sending a powerful signal of its strong support for Ukraine now and into the future. Through this agreement, the United States will work with our partners to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to defend itself now and to deter future aggression. By doing so, the United States will bolster Ukraine’s security, which is central to European security and to American security. More than two years after Russia’s brutal and unprovoked assault on Ukraine, today, President Biden is stating unequivocally that the United States and its partners will stand with Ukraine as it fights for its freedom and for the principles enshrined in the UN Charter. With the signing of this 10-year agreement, Ukraine and the United States will work together to: Build and maintain Ukraine’s credible defense and deterrence capability . The agreement lays out a vision for a Ukrainian future force that is strong, sustainable, and resilient. The United States and Ukraine will deepen security and defense cooperation and collaborate closely with Ukraine’s broad network of security partners. The United States will support the full range of Ukraine’s current defensive needs now and over the long term by helping Ukraine win the war and strengthening its deterrence capabilities against future threats. Together, we will expand intelligence sharing, enhance interoperability between our militaries in line with NATO standards, and work with our allies and partners to position Ukraine as a long-term contributor to European security. Strengthen Ukraine’s capacity to sustain its fight over the long term , including by building on efforts to bolster Ukraine's defense industrial base, and supporting its economic recovery and energy security. Accelerate Ukraine’s Euro-Atlantic integration , including through Ukraine’s implementation of reforms to its democratic, economic, and security institutions in line with its EU accession goals and NATO’s program of reforms. Achieve a just peace that respects Ukraine’s rights under international law, is underwritten by broad global support, upholds the key principles of the UN Charter, including sovereignty and territorial integrity, and includes accountability for Russia’s actions. Consult in the event of a future Russian armed attack against Ukraine at the highest levels to determine appropriate and necessary measures to support Ukraine and impose costs on Russia. This agreement, together with the mutually reinforcing security agreements and arrangements Ukraine has signed with a broad network of partners under the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, is a key part of Ukraine’s bridge to NATO membership. As President Biden said in Vilnius last year and as NATO allies have agreed, Ukraine’s future is in NATO. The United States is not waiting for the NATO process to be completed to make long-term commitments to Ukraine’s security to address the immediate threats we face and deter any aggression that may occur. The United States will continue to work with a broad coalition of Allies and Partners to continue to impose costs on the Russian Federation so long as its aggression against Ukraine continues. In 2024, the United States Congress appropriated $61 billion to respond to the war in Ukraine in a bipartisan show of support for Ukraine. To realize the goals laid out in this agreement and accompanying annex, the Biden Administration will work closely with the U.S. Congress to build on the national security supplemental and develop sustainable levels of assistance to Ukraine over the long term. The United States will continue with our allies and partners, including the 16 other countries that have already completed their own bilateral security agreements and the 15 additional countries that are negotiating agreements with Ukraine, to maintain a balanced division of responsibility and burden-sharing to meet the necessary capabilities for Ukraine’s future force. The United States is sending the clearest possible message today: the United States stands with the people of Ukraine as they defend their freedom and democracy. Ukraine can count on the enduring strength of the U.S.-Ukrainian partnership. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine