9 captures 23 Sep 2020 - 20 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220525135234/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/moz-obicyaye-viplachuvati-pidvisheni-zarplati-medikam-vzhe-v-63853 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:56 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: Both Ukraine and Western countries need unity and self-confidence today 25 May 2022 - 15:24 The supply of weapons to Ukraine is the best investment in maintaining stability in the world - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 May 2022 - 22:55 Olena Zelenska spoke about the humanitarian situation in Ukraine in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 22:34 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Securing Europe panel in the framework of the World Economic Forum in Davos 24 May 2022 - 20:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ministry of Health promises to pay higher salaries to doctors already in late September - meeting with the President 22 September 2020 - 17:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with government officials to verify the implementation of measures aimed to provide the medical sector with everything necessary to combat COVID-19 and update anti-epidemic actions. "At what stage the issue of raising the salaries of doctors is? Our doctors, who heroically save lives during the coronavirus crisis," the Head of State addressed Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov. The official reported that doctors would receive a higher salary in late September. He noted that the National Health Service is currently signing contracts with 1,600 hospitals, and agreements have already been signed with a third of the institutions. The Minister of Health noted that additional 6 billion hryvnias have been allocated for this increase by the end of the year. "We promised financial improvements to the healthcare workers. We are responsible for this. I expect that the government will fulfill its promises to Ukrainians," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President asked the Minister of Health to explain why 100 million hryvnias provided in the budget for the purchase of ventilators have not yet been spent. In addition, out of 2.9 billion hryvnias allocated for the provision of MoH laboratories and the purchase of personal protective equipment only 514 million hryvnias were spent. So far, no equipment has been purchased for the ER departments of hub hospitals, although UAH 5.3 billion has been allocated from the budget. "Already in October, the first 120 ER departments out of more than 200, which we promised, will be ready. There will be ER departments, but there will be no equipment,” the Head of State said. The President also stressed that the budget must envisage funds for the creation of a modern biological laboratory in Ukraine, where the best domestic scientists will work on the development of vaccines. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine