1 capture 24 Jul 2024 Jun JUL Aug 24 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240724053610/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2023&date-to=24-05-2024&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Over Time, Ukraine Should Achieve Maximum Defense Independence – Address by the President 23 July 2024 - 20:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The President Met with the Marshal of the Senate of the Republic of Poland 24 May 2024 - 22:41 ​The Head of State thanked for the military and financial assistance provided since the first days of the full-scale Russian invasion and noted the importance of the resolutions of the Polish Senate in support of Ukraine. Putin Not Only Wants to Disrupt the Peace Summit, but He Is Also Afraid of What the Summit Can Bring – Address by the President 24 May 2024 - 21:00 No one in the world is interested in this war, except the aggressor, and everyone is actually aware of this. The Peace Summit is a format that will not allow Putin to lie anymore. Olena Zelenska: We are Doing Everything We Can to Ensure That Medical Professionals Have What They Need, Both for the Patients and for Their Own Safety 24 May 2024 - 16:25 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska greeted the participants of the 10th Championship of Emergency Medical Teams. It was attended by 26 teams from all over the country. President Visited the Printing Facility Destroyed by Russian Strike in Kharkiv 24 May 2024 - 15:24 The Head of State was informed that the previous morning, Russian invaders had launched nine missile attacks on the Kholodnohirsky and Osnovyansky districts of Kharkiv. As a result of the shelling, a binding shop caught fire on the territory of a printing facility. Ihor Zhovkva: Ukraine Has Completed All Four Legislative Steps to Launch EU Accession Negotiations 24 May 2024 - 13:54 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Vice-Minister of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania Simonas Šatūnas. Operational situation and preparations for the heating season in the Kharkiv region: President held a meeting in Kharkiv 24 May 2024 - 13:15 In Kharkiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the operational situation in the region and preparations for the autumn and winter period. Ukraine Doesn't Need Just Any Kind of Peace, We Need a Just Peace – Andriy Yermak at the UNITED24 Summit 23 May 2024 - 23:14 The Global Peace Summit should become a significant step towards ending the war and establishing a just peace for Ukraine. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak during a panel discussion at the UNITED24 Summit dedicated to the Global Peace Summit. The Protection of Life Must Have All of the Necessary Tools to Truly Defeat Terrorists – Address by the President 23 May 2024 - 21:56 I thank every state that genuinely supports our fight against terror. But we need more efforts, more determination – the determination of the world's leaders – to make Russian terror finally lose. Norway, Greece and North Macedonia Will Be Represented at the Global Peace Summit 23 May 2024 - 21:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had phone calls with President of North Macedonia Gordana Siljanovska-Davkova, Prime Minister of Greece Kyriakos Mitsotakis and Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre. They confirmed that their countries would be represented at the Global Peace Summit. President Discussed Strengthening International Support for Ukraine with UNITED24 Ambassadors 23 May 2024 - 17:19 "I hope that we can further rely on your support. Fundraisers and results are important, but the most important thing is the support of people, their morale and resilience," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 189 190 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine