1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033103/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=113 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President held an online meeting with representatives of the United News telethon 26 February 2023 - 20:58 The Head of State congratulated the media workers on the anniversary of the telethon and noted that United News played an important role in building public unity and trust in the context of Russia's full-scale war against Ukraine. We count on Saudi Arabia's support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 26 February 2023 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak noted that our country highly appreciates today's visit to Kyiv by the Saudi delegation headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and considers it an important evidence of support for our country, especially in these days of the anniversary of the beginning of the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation. The pressure of Ukraine and the world on the terrorist state will be continued - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 February 2023 - 19:25 This is one week. And again and again, it's about strengthening our state, our soldiers, our steadfastness, our international positions. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 18:24 The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine is extremely interested in developing relations with Saudi Arabia. President of Ukraine had a meeting with Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 26 February 2023 - 17:29 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the government of Saudi Arabia for its tangible support for Ukraine in the face of Russia's ongoing armed aggression: "First of all, I want to thank you for supporting peace in Ukraine, our sovereignty and territorial integrity. This is very important for us and our people, our society." Ukrainian flags on the streets of Danish cities show love of freedom and courage – President's address to the Danish people on the occasion of the anniversary of the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine 25 February 2023 - 21:04 Thank you, people of Denmark, for your actions! For the weapons that help our defense. For the policy that helps isolate the aggressor. For your willingness to join our reconstruction after hostilities. Sanctions against Russia will continue to be introduced so that nothing remains of the potential of Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 25 February 2023 - 20:58 Our diplomats and the entire state are working to extend global and, in particular, European sanctions to the Russian nuclear industry, Rosatom, all those involved in the missile program and nuclear blackmail of the terrorist state. With our courage and weapons, we can restore peace and create a safeguard against any aggressions – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to participants of the event of the Federal President of Germany dedicated to solidarity with Ukraine 25 February 2023 - 14:12 We have to do everything possible and impossible to prevent Russia from turning Ukraine, our neighbors, and the whole of Europe, which Russian revanchism wants to reach, into concrete crumbs. We will make the Ukrainian Peace Formula the basis of a new security in Europe and the world – address of President of Ukraine to participants of International Forum in Kaunas 25 February 2023 - 12:49 Now is a great time. A time when we can win and guarantee our freedom not just for years, not just for decades. Now is the time when we can protect our freedom forever. Jets are the protection of our sky, we have taken major steps in this regard – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:38 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the readiness of some partner countries to start training Ukrainian pilots is the first important step for Ukraine to receive Western fighter jets. The Head of State said this at a press conference for Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The Year of Invincibility." 1 2 ... 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine