4 captures 16 Sep 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240916065839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-nichogo-j-nikogo-ne-zalishimo-u-nevoli-prezident-na-chetv-93161 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:12 View all videos n latest news We Have Already Explained to All Our Partners Why Ukraine Truly Needs Sufficient Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 15 September 2024 - 19:09 Ukraine Continues to Rely on U.S. Support at This Defining Moment – Andriy Yermak During Meeting with Congress Members 15 September 2024 - 13:12 Restoration Projects and Financial Assistance: the Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Special Envoy of the President of France 14 September 2024 - 22:02 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Delegation of the U.S. Congress 14 September 2024 - 21:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We Will Not Leave Anything or Anyone in Captivity – President at the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 18:04 Ukraine will return all temporarily occupied territories and all citizens of our country. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform. “We will not leave anything or anyone in captivity. I would like all our citizens in Ukraine and in the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine to hear this – no matter where you are now, and no matter how difficult it is for you. This is part of our morality. Ukraine does not trade its land and does not abandon its people,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President emphasized that Ukraine knows, remembers and fights for each of the Crimean prisoners of Russia, for all civilians and military, adults and children who are in captivity or temporary occupation. He urged the states of our region, especially the Muslim societies of Türkiye and Azerbaijan, to show their leadership and help resist injustice and abuse. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also asked the countries working to implement the Peace Formula to convince their partners who have so far held back from cooperation. “True peace must have no alternatives. No frozen occupations! No people left behind in captivity! No repressions forgotten and thus seemingly forgiven by the world,” he stressed. Participants observed a minute of silence in memory of all Ukrainians who were killed by the Russian war, died in Russian captivity, occupation, or during deportation. ph Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 ph Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine