3 captures 19 Oct 2020 - 22 May 2024 Oct NOV Dec 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231130072341/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vzyav-uchast-u-ceremoniyi-skladannya-urochist-64561 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In all regions, it is crucial to have a number of "Points of Invincibility" sufficient for any emergency situation – address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2023 - 20:43 View all videos n latest news Rostyslav Shurma held a meeting with representatives from the forestry sector and the wood processing industry 29 November 2023 - 20:59 In all regions, it is crucial to have a number of "Points of Invincibility" sufficient for any emergency situation – address by the President of Ukraine 29 November 2023 - 20:41 President of Ukraine met with warriors conducting offensive operations in Kherson region 29 November 2023 - 20:23 In Kherson, the Head of State familiarized himself with the plans of construction of protective structures and shelters 29 November 2023 - 19:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa, Mykolaiv and Kherson regions 29 November 2023 - 12:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President took part in the solemn oath-taking ceremony of the lyceum students of Ivan Bohun Military Lyceum of Kyiv 14 October 2020 - 11:40 On the Day of the Defender of Ukraine in the presence of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, lyceum students of Ivan Bohun Military Lyceum of Kyiv took a solemn oath. The ceremony took place on the square in front of the Mariyinsky Palace in Kyiv. "A strong army is based on patriotic principles and the interest of young people in military service. And I am very pleased to see today 329 young men and women, students of Ivan Bohun Military Lyceum of Kyiv. These are bright, young, but confident boys and girls," the Head of State said during his speech. The President said that today, as a year before on this day, he will be in the east of Ukraine together with the fighters who defend the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the state. "And I can confidently tell them that a worthy and powerful substitution, a new generation of future defenders of Ukraine is growing," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. He once again congratulated all those present on the Day of the Defender of Ukraine. "We celebrate it on the Day of the Ukrainian Cossacks and on the Day of the Intercession of the Blessed Virgin Mary. We know that our defenders continue the glorious traditions of the Cossack army with dignity. And we believe that the Blessed Virgin will always protect and defend you. Good health to you and your families! Always come back alive! Glory to the Ukrainian defenders! Glory to Ukraine!" the Head of State said. The President thanked the military, volunteers and medics present at the ceremony for preserving our independence. "No support, no equipment, no machine gun, no missile could defend our state, defend our borders and defend independence without you. You are our heroes," the President stressed. ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the Defender of Ukraine 14 October 2020 - 11:09 ph Participation in festivities on the Day of the Defender of Ukraine 14 October 2020 - 11:09 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine