1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214224811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=12 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic 14 January 2022 - 15:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Adviser to the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic on Foreign Policy and Security Tomáš Pojar. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine and Azerbaijan have set a new ambitious goal - to double bilateral trade by 2024 14 January 2022 - 15:05 The visit of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan to Ukraine qualitatively fills the strategic partnership between the two countries in the political, economic and security spheres. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with his Azerbaijani counterpart in Kyiv. Presidents of Ukraine and Azerbaijan signed a Joint Declaration on Deepening Strategic Partnership 14 January 2022 - 14:29 Following the talks between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev in Kyiv, a Joint Declaration on deepening the strategic partnership and a number of other bilateral documents were signed. Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Azerbaijan started 14 January 2022 - 11:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev, who is on a working visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Boris Johnson 13 January 2022 - 22:59 Against the background of the current security challenges, the President spoke about the situation around Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the steps being taken to achieve peace within the existing negotiation formats. For the first time in ten years, Ukraine has launched its satellite into space - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2022 - 21:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy watched online the launch of the Ukrainian Sich-2-30 satellite from the launch site at Cape Canaveral in Florida (USA). "Nothing about Ukraine without Ukraine" principle must be and will be maintained – Andriy Yermak at meeting with European journalists 11 January 2022 - 21:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with journalists representing a number of leading European media: Süddeutsche Zeitung (Germany), Le Figaro, L'Opinion and Radio France (France), TVN (Poland). Zelenskyy has telephone conversation with Trudeau 11 January 2022 - 19:15 The President of Ukraine briefed the Prime Minister of Canada on the situation in the east of our country and at its borders, and also informed about the steps being taken to achieve peace within the existing negotiation formats. Zelenskyy receives advisers to leaders of France and Germany who arrived in Kyiv for talks with Head of President's Office Yermak 11 January 2022 - 10:16 Foreign and security policy adviser to the German Chancellor Jens Plötner and diplomatic adviser to the President of France Emmanuel Bonn visited Kyiv in accordance with previous agreements reached during a video conference on January 4 this year, following talks in Moscow as part of the Normandy dialogue. President instructs government to develop program to pay UAH 1,000 to minors vaccinated against COVID-19 10 January 2022 - 14:51 During a conference call, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy set the Cabinet of Ministers the task to prepare a separate program for the payment of UAH 1,000 to Ukrainian citizens aged 12-18, who fully are vaccinated against COVID-19, under the ePidtrymka program. 1 2 ... 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ... 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine