7 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 05 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130121218/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=5 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The abyss between Ukraine and Russia is deep, it was dug by Putin - President at the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast 19 January 2023 - 11:46 Ukraine needs cohesion and systemic assistance from partner countries in the fight against the Russian aggressor, because it is a fight against tyranny. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the Davos Ukrainian Breakfast. I thank everyone who was involved in the rescue operation in Brovary today - address by the President of Ukraine 18 January 2023 - 22:07 Another day of this terrible war, these tragedies that our people are going through, is coming to an end. A terrible day that we must go through, must endure. And we will endure. Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Davos: It is important to keep Europe and the world united around support for Ukraine 18 January 2023 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Russia's war against Ukraine continues, but Ukrainians remain strong and united, and it is very important to maintain the unity of the countries of Europe and the world in supporting our country, which is fighting for common civilizational values. Mobilization of the world must outpace the next military mobilization of our joint enemy - address by the President of Ukraine at “Restoring Security and Peace” session during the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum 18 January 2023 - 20:41 The supplying of Ukraine with air defense systems must outpace Russia’s next missile attacks. The supplies of Western tanks must outpace another invasion of Russian tanks. The restoration of security and peace in Ukraine must outpace Russia’s attack on security and peace in other countries. A tribunal for military crimes must prevent new ones. President expresses condolences over the death of the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and civilians as a result of the helicopter crash in Brovary 18 January 2023 - 12:47 The Head of State instructed the Security Service of Ukraine, in cooperation with the National Police and other authorized bodies, to clarify all the circumstances of the accident. All relevant services are working on the scene of the tragedy. Olena Zelenska presented the Ukrainian Peace Formula at the World Economic Forum in Davos 17 January 2023 - 23:22 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the opening of the plenary session at the Congress Center of the World Economic Forum (WEF), which started in Davos, Switzerland. For the first time in the history of the forum, the wife of the leader of the state spoke at it. The world hears Ukraine in Davos and knows what Russia has done to Dnipro and other territories it brought death to - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 January 2023 - 22:44 I am confident that following this week, the world will see more active and influential supporters of the establishment of a Tribunal for Russian aggression and a special mechanism to compensate for the losses from the war at the expense of Russian assets. President during online communication with German students: Ukraine implements reforms even during the war, as it has no time to wait for its end 17 January 2023 - 22:38 Ukraine continues to implement reforms despite the full-scale war, which, on the one hand, slows down many processes, but at the same time stimulates active changes. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online communication with students of German universities. Andriy Yermak met with Isabelle Dumont 17 January 2023 - 22:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Diplomatic Advisor on continental Europe and Türkiye to the President of the Republic of France Isabelle Dumont. We can restore peace throughout Ukraine, but for this we must be together - speech of Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with German students 17 January 2023 - 21:28 We can restore peace on our entire territory without leaving any pieces of land to the Kremlin for further experiments on people and history. But for this we must all be together - Ukraine, Germany and the whole free world. I believe that we will! 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine