27 captures 18 Aug 2023 - 05 Sep 2025 Jul AUG Sep 18 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230818213615/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-potuzhni-rechi-dlya-posilennya-nashoyi-derzhavi-nas-84949 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing powerful things to strengthen our state, our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 18 August 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news We are preparing powerful things to strengthen our state, our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 18 August 2023 - 21:35 Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Head of Greek Prime Minister's diplomatic office 18 August 2023 - 19:27 Andriy Yermak holds sixth meeting with representatives of foreign diplomatic institutions regarding implementation of Peace Formula 18 August 2023 - 17:56 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with Director-General of the World Trade Organization 17 August 2023 - 23:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Ambassadors of foreign states presented credentials to the President of Ukraine 17 August 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing powerful things to strengthen our state, our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 18 August 2023 - 21:35 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you good health! Today is Friday, but it's such a week that it's too early to sum up the working days. We are preparing powerful things for Ukraine, strengthening our state, our warriors. Today and this week in general, it is the main task. Weapons for our warriors. New opportunities for our defense. New support packages from our partners. We are doing everything so that on the eve of the Independence Day of our country, it can be said that Ukraine has taken another step towards the circle of the strongest states in the world. Our team is currently working particularly intensively. You will see the news for Ukraine. We prepare them with our neighbors in the EU. And also in those regions of Europe where our cooperation with the states has not yet been sufficient. And, of course, with our European partners, with whom we have already proved more than once that European leadership in defending freedom is of global importance. By the way, we have already had important diplomatic successes this week. The G7 Declaration on security guarantees for Ukraine: as of today, 18 states have joined. The Peace Formula: already 63 diplomatic missions are working to implement the points of the Formula. It is crucial that the Peace Formula gradually unites the world majority based on our respect for international law and the UN Charter. The European Union: we are trying our best to make Ukraine ready for the opening of membership negotiations this year. Today, the day started with a meaningful conference call. As always, the front is the first question. Military reports. The situation is on the front line. Reports of government officials regarding the supply of weapons and ammunition. The report of the Security Service of Ukraine regarding military commissioners and collaborators... Separately, I listened to the report of the Border Guard Service, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, intelligence regarding the attitude towards our citizens – immigrants who are in different countries, and regarding visa regimes. The things that citizens of Ukraine actually face in the visa issue. Managers in charge of these issues received appropriate tasks. The rights of Ukrainian citizens must be guaranteed. And one more. Next week is the time of important events for Ukraine. We will not lose a single day of preparation. We will not miss any result for Ukraine. We work every day. Every day we add strength to Ukraine. And I thank everyone who does the same! For Ukraine – only strength! Glory to all our warriors! Glory to everyone who works for victory! For the sake of freedom and independence! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine