1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031843/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=150 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska opened an extended meeting of the Interagency Coordination Council on Mental Health Protection and Provision of Psychological Assistance to Victims of the Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation 8 December 2022 - 19:49 The meeting was attended by representatives of embassies and international organizations: the UN offices in Ukraine, the WHO Bureau in Ukraine, the ambassadors of the USA, Canada, Switzerland and the European Union, representatives of the embassy of Great Britain, heads of the RMA. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Slovak Republic headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia 8 December 2022 - 19:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic Rastislav Káčer, Minister of Defense of the Slovak Republic Jaroslav Naď and Minister of Economy of the Slovak Republic Karel Hirman who are on a visit to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was designated as the most influential person of the year in Europe according to Politico 8 December 2022 - 12:22 The article dedicated to the Ukrainian President emphasizes that today Europe not only trusts Volodymyr Zelenskyy, but also admires him and follows his example. It is an honor for me to represent all Ukrainians - President's speech at the annual announcement of the list of the most influential people in Europe Politico 28 8 December 2022 - 12:14 It is an honor for me to represent all Ukrainians. And guide our common will for our common goal... For the sake of victory in this war and accession of Ukraine to the community of European nations – to our European Union. Andriy Yermak called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal for Russia 8 December 2022 - 10:09 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, opening the discussion "Criminal Prosecution for the Crime of Aggression Committed in Ukraine" in Washington, called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal that will try the top leadership of Russia. Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:48 Today we have a very important result in France. The Supreme Court of France upheld the decision on recovery in favor of the Ukrainian Oschadbank from the aggressor state. The amount with accrued interest is almost 1.5 billion dollars. The fate of millions of people who can be saved is being decided on the battlefield in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Foundation 7 December 2022 - 20:50 This is not about politics, this is about life. Now is that very time – when support literally means saving, saving millions of people, millions of fathers and mothers, millions of children. Roman Mashovets held a meeting with representatives of the embassies of France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands 7 December 2022 - 17:48 During the meeting, information was heard about the situation on the frontline and measures to repel Russian armed aggression. The parties also discussed the specific needs of the defense forces of Ukraine, in particular in the provision of weapons and ammunition. President held the regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 7 December 2022 - 14:52 The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and the commanders of the troops of the operational directions reported on the current situation on the frontline and the provision of the units of the defense forces with weapons and ammunition. Whoever started an unprovoked and criminal war must lose and bear responsibility - speech by the President of Ukraine at the Madeleine K. Albright Democracy Awards ceremony 7 December 2022 - 11:37 Ukraine and the free world should definitely not change their goals and exchange their values for some compromises, if the dictatorship is afraid to admit a mistake and tempts with a break in the battles. We must fully protect freedom and guarantee the security of our democracy. 1 2 ... 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine