10 captures 08 Jul 2024 - 07 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240708012701/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/budemo-zmicnyuvati-ukrayinskij-flot-i-nadali-razom-z-velikoy-91997 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Will Continue to Strengthen the Ukrainian Fleet Together with the United Kingdom and the Netherlands – There Are Promising New Details of Our Cooperation – Address by the President 7 July 2024 - 20:23 View all videos n latest news Security Situation in the Odesa Region: President Held a Meeting with Regional Leadership 7 July 2024 - 21:33 In Odesa, the President Visited Wounded Navy Servicemen and Congratulated Them on Ukrainian Navy Day 7 July 2024 - 21:11 President Discussed Defense Support and Bilateral Cooperation with the UK Defense Secretary 7 July 2024 - 20:51 Additional Air Defense System and Provision of F-16 Jets: President in Odesa Met with the Dutch Ministers of Foreign Affairs and Defense 7 July 2024 - 20:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa Region 7 July 2024 - 15:17 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Will Continue to Strengthen the Ukrainian Fleet Together with the United Kingdom and the Netherlands – There Are Promising New Details of Our Cooperation – Address by the President 7 July 2024 - 20:14 I wish you health, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I am in Odesa – on Ukrainian Navy Day. This is a day of gratitude to all naval warriors and negotiations to ensure that the Defense Forces of Ukraine, the Ukrainian Navy, and our entire country gain even more capabilities. Today, here in Odesa, we were joined by the new Ministers of Defense and Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands, as well as the new Secretary of State for Defense of the United Kingdom. I informed them about the situation on the battlefield, and there was a report from Navy Commander Neizhpapa. We will continue to strengthen the Ukrainian fleet together with the United Kingdom and the Netherlands – there are promising new details of our cooperation. We also discussed strengthening air defense, which is our absolute priority, and I am grateful for the willingness to take the next steps – particularly regarding the F-16s. Of course, we were honored to be here today. I had the honor of personally awarding our Navy servicemen, those who have particularly distinguished themselves. Among them are the Hero of Ukraine, Junior Sergeant Vladyslav Andrushchenko, as well as those who have been awarded the Crosses of Military Merit, the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, and the Orders “For Courage.” I awarded the Order of Princess Olga to Sergeant Iryna Bovshchyk, a combat medic of the 36th separate marine brigade. I am proud of each and every one who truly changes everything for our country – defending the state, opening new opportunities for Ukraine, fighting for Ukraine, working, and securing international support for our country. Each of our joint achievements – including the success in the Black Sea and the expulsion of the Russian fleet – is the result of many of our people who remained loyal to both the state and themselves. Glory to all of you! Today, I also paid a visit to our warriors who are undergoing treatment and rehabilitation after being wounded. I wished them a speedy recovery and thanked the doctors and nurses. I also held a meeting regarding the situation in Odesa and the region. We discussed security, the operation of our transport arteries, energy and social issues. And one more thing. I want to extend a special gratitude to our 110th separate mechanized brigade for shooting down another Russian combat aircraft in the Donetsk region – the twelfth in the past few months. Your accuracy is truly exemplary! Well done! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine