8 captures 30 May 2024 - 05 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 30 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240530160053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ce-zavzhdi-bude-osoblivij-rid-vijsk-i-za-znachushistyu-i-za-91069 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia Is No Longer in a Position to Disrupt the Global Peace Summit, Although It Is Trying Hard to Do So – the Address by the President 29 May 2024 - 20:32 View all videos n latest news The Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the U.S. Deputy Secretary of the Treasury 30 May 2024 - 13:42 Russia Is No Longer in a Position to Disrupt the Global Peace Summit, Although It Is Trying Hard to Do So – the Address by the President 29 May 2024 - 20:29 Ukraine and Chile Deepen Their Cooperation to Return Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 29 May 2024 - 13:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the President of Portugal 28 May 2024 - 22:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Portugal 28 May 2024 - 18:50 Go to all galleries Home News Current events It Will Always Be a Special Kind of Troops: in Importance, Equipment and Respect – the President Congratulated the Warriors on the Day of the Marine Corps 23 May 2024 - 14:49 On the Day of the Marine Corps of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the defenders and presented them with state awards. He thanked every sailor, sergeant and officer of the marine units and emphasized that they had already made a significant impact on the course of the war. “You have proven yourselves in combat since the first days of the war, taking part in each of the truly strategic battles on our southern and eastern borders. These include the defense of Zmiinyi Island, of the Odesa and Mykolaiv regions; hard combat work in the Kherson region, which to a large extent determines the fate of this war; and the defensive operations in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions,” the Head of State noted. The President also added that Ukraine will continue to enhance the strength of the Marine Corps and it will always remain a special kind of troops: in importance, equipment, and respect. “It is impossible to imagine the strength of Ukraine without your strength – the strength of the Ukrainian Marines. Ukraine is proud of you. Ukraine relies on you. And all our people must always remember that such tough strength, such hard work, such strength of yours and such heroism of the Marines is accompanied by an extremely tough battle path and, unfortunately, losses – painful losses,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The memory of all the Marines who sacrificed their lives in the battles for Ukraine and its independence was honored with a minute of silence. The President presented the warriors with state awards. The Cross of Military Merit was awarded to the following: Master Sergeant Ihor Hrabovoy. The unit under his command destroyed about a platoon of the Storm-Z group during a battle. Since last October, he has been performing combat missions with his unit near the village of Krynky in the Kherson region. During this time, Ukrainian servicemen pushed the Russian invaders out of their positions, gained and expanded the bridgehead. Ihor Hrabovoy has personally eliminated five occupiers. Lieutenant Colonel Vasyl Sosnovskyi. Last summer, under his command, a strike was launched at concentration points of armored vehicles and a T-72 tank with its crew was destroyed. Since last fall, he has been performing combat missions with his unit near the village of Krynky. During this time, the warriors destroyed more than 30 pieces of equipment and about a hundred Russian invaders. Sailor Taras Kharchenko. This February, near the village of Krynky, he evacuated 13 seriously wounded warriors. Later, his unit was caught under fire while conducting reconnaissance and making passages through mine barriers, but despite this, they managed to set a new route for the units' movement and made the passages. Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored one more warrior with the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, I class, another one with the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, II class, and four others with the Orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, III class. One defender received the Order “For Courage”, II class, and ten others – the Order “For Courage”, III class. The Head of State also presented combat flags to the 66th separate gun artillery division of the 406th separate artillery brigade named after Major-General Oleksiy Almazov and to the 505th separate battalion of the 37th separate marine brigade, as well as honorary decorations “For Courage and Valor” to the same battalion and the 1st separate marine battalion of the 36th separate brigade. ph The President of Ukraine Presented Warriors with Awards on the Day of the Marine Corps 23 May 2024 - 13:59 ph The President of Ukraine Presented Warriors with Awards on the Day of the Marine Corps 23 May 2024 - 13:59 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine