4 captures 06 May 2023 - 28 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230506055206/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/byuro-obsye-z-demokratichnih-institutiv-i-prav-lyudini-opubl-82701 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 View all videos n latest news President holds meeting with world's largest investment company on creation of fund for rebuilding Ukraine 5 May 2023 - 22:08 Olena Zelenska, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal visit Ukrainian troops undergoing training in UK 5 May 2023 - 21:57 President meets with delegation of Venice Commission 5 May 2023 - 21:01 We are doing everything so that the world hears Ukraine, understands and helps our state – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 May 2023 - 20:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights published a report on Russia's violation of the rights of Ukrainian children and their forced deportation 5 May 2023 - 17:44 The OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights has released a report on violations and abuses of international humanitarian law and international human rights law, war crimes and crimes against humanity related to the forced transfer and/or deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation. This is the first separate special international report on the problem of illegal displacement of Ukrainian children by Russia. The report was prepared by an independent mission of experts from the OSCE Human Dimension Mechanism, which was used for the third time at the initiative of Ukraine and 45 other OSCE member states. It is expected that the report's substantiated conclusions regarding a significant number of violations and abuses of international humanitarian and human rights law, war crimes and crimes against humanity related to the forced displacement and/or deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian Federation will contribute to international efforts and the development of mechanisms to ensure justice and bring to justice those who ordered and executed these heinous crimes. The report states that since February 24, 2022, and earlier, a large number of Ukrainian children have been transferred to the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine and to the territory of the Russian Federation. This may qualify as a crime against humanity - "deportation or forced displacement of the population." The authors of the document also emphasize that the evacuation and continued displacement of Ukrainian children without their consent is a violation of international humanitarian law, and in some cases a serious violation of the IV Geneva Convention and a war crime. Russia's actions, such as changing the citizenship of Ukrainian children, adopting unaccompanied children and similar assimilation measures, are also considered crimes in violation of this Convention. It is also stated that forcibly displaced or deported Ukrainian children find themselves in a completely Russian environment, particularly in terms of language, customs and religion, and are influenced by a pro-Russian information campaign, which often amounts to purposeful re-education and involvement in military education. It was stated that the Russian Federation creates various obstacles for families seeking to return their children, and also prevents the establishment of a list of children and their whereabouts, which is a violation of the Geneva Conventions. In addition, there have been numerous and repeated violations of the best interests and rights of children under the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. In particular, rights to identity, family and family reunification, education, access to information, recreation, leisure, freedom of thought, conscience and religion, rights to liberty and security, etc. "The cumulative effects of these multiple violations raise very serious concerns that the right of displaced Ukrainian children to be free from torture and ill-treatment and other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment has been violated," the report emphasized. The mission formulated a number of recommendations, addressed primarily to the Russian Federation as an offender, as well as to Ukraine and other states and international organizations in the context of ensuring the protection of Ukrainian children deported to Russia. In an official comment to the report, the Ukrainian side emphasized that the forced transfer or deportation of Ukrainian children to the Russian national group may constitute genocide under Article II of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. Russia refused to cooperate with the mission of the Moscow mechanism in the human dimension of the OSCE. The full text of the report can be found at the link. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine