1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071920/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=46 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I do not expect Angela Merkel to come to Kyiv with gifts, but these can be guarantees for Ukraine 19 August 2021 - 18:26 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy does not rule out that German Chancellor Angela Merkel will bring certain guarantees of energy security for Ukraine to Kyiv after her visit to Russia. The Head of State said this in an interview with journalists from the countries of the Normandy Four and the United States. A full-fledged life will return to Crimea with Ukraine - Head of State 19 August 2021 - 10:14 The issue of recognizing the Crimean Tatar national-territorial autonomy should be considered and elaborated in the framework of the Crimea Platform initiative. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian journalists from Crimea, which was recorded on Zmiyinyy Island during the working trip of the Head of State. Ukraine is planning to build a new naval fleet by 2035 - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 August 2021 - 08:53 Ukraine is planning to implement a large program on the development of the naval fleet by 2035. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian journalists from Crimea. Crimea Platform will function every day to solve urgent problems, including the militarization of the peninsula, which is becoming an aircraft carrier of the Russian Federation - President 19 August 2021 - 08:27 The Crimea Platform initiative will cover all the most important issues of the peninsula, especially humanitarian and security ones. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian journalists from Crimea. President discussed the models of creating a national air carrier of Ukraine with representatives of the French company Aerogestion 17 August 2021 - 20:29 The President informed the guests that a number of large infrastructure projects are currently being implemented in Ukraine, including the construction and major repair of roads and the modernization of regional airports. Ukraine will support its athletes and create the necessary infrastructure for them - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with the winners of the 2020 Olympics 17 August 2021 - 17:51 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Ukrainian athletes - winners and prizewinners of the XXXII Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo and their coaches. Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed a decree on the competition for the selection of candidates for the position of a judge of the Constitutional Court under the quota of the President of Ukraine 17 August 2021 - 13:41 For the first time during the activity of the Constitutional Court, candidates for the position of a judge under the quota of the Head of State will be elected in a transparent competition process and without any political influence. This ensures that a new history of work begins for the Constitutional Court, which will be a model for the judiciary and will be based on the principles of legal certainty, political impartiality, transparency and systematization. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the Republic of Lithuania 16 August 2021 - 20:39 The leaders discussed the current security situation on the Belarusian-Lithuanian border as the number of illegal migrants significantly increased. The President of Lithuania noted that a relative stabilization of the situation has been achieved so far. Volodymyr and Olena Zelenskyy sent off the Ukrainian national team to the Paralympic Games in Tokyo 12 August 2021 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena took part in the ceremony of sending off the national team for the XVI Summer Paralympic Games. On the International Youth Day, the President met with the winners of the all-Ukrainian competition Ukraine NOW 12 August 2021 - 18:37 On the International Youth Day, which Ukraine will celebrate next year together with the whole world community, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the winners of the largest all-Ukrainian flash mob #IamUkraineNow, which took place within the Ukraine NOW promotional campaign. 1 2 ... 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine