5 captures 05 Aug 2024 - 15 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240805090741/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Greeting on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 4 August 2024 - 18:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The President of Ukraine Met with the President of the Czech Republic in Washington 11 July 2024 - 03:53 The leaders coordinated their positions ahead of the meeting of the NATO-Ukraine Council, meetings of the Air Defense Coalition and the Fighter Jets Coalition. Canada Announced New CAD 500 Million Military Assistance Package for Ukraine 11 July 2024 - 03:47 The Prime Minister of Canada emphasized his country's willingness to provide the necessary medical support to the victims of the Russian strike on the Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital in Kyiv. President of Ukraine Met with Representatives of American Defense Companies 11 July 2024 - 03:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy invited American defense companies to work in the Ukrainian market and to cooperate with domestic enterprises. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Humanitarian Cooperation and Prospects for Joint Projects with the New President of Slovakia 11 July 2024 - 02:21 The leaders condemned the large-scale shelling of Ukrainian cities by the Russian Federation, which, among other things, caused damage to the Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital in Kyiv. The Presidents discussed the possibility of treating some of its patients in Slovakia. The President Met with Members of the U.S. House of Representatives Led by the Democratic Leader 11 July 2024 - 01:29 The President emphasized that Russia continues its missile terror against the civilian infrastructure and energy facilities of Ukraine. The strike on the Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital in Kyiv has once again demonstrated the importance of strengthening Ukrainian air defense and expanding permission to use American weapons against military targets in Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Discussed Strengthening of Ukraine-U.S. Cooperation 10 July 2024 - 23:46 During his visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, Mike Johnson. Stronger Together: U.S.-Ukraine Partnership in Education, Science, and Ukrainian Studies Was Discussed in Washington 10 July 2024 - 23:29 During her visit to Washington, First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the U.S.-Ukraine Partnership in Education and Science Conference, which focused on Ukrainian studies in the United States and ways to develop them. President of Ukraine Met with U.S. Senate Delegation Led by Leaders of Both Parties 10 July 2024 - 21:40 The President expressed gratitude to the President of the United States, both houses of Congress, both parties, and the entire American people for their unwavering support of Ukraine during the full-scale Russian invasion. President of Ukraine Held the First Meeting with New Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 10 July 2024 - 21:06 The President noted the unwavering support for Ukraine from the new British government. Additional Patriot Systems, Battlefield Situation, and Implementation of Peace Summit Results: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Meets with Olaf Scholz 10 July 2024 - 19:22 In Washington, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine