1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070742/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=22 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President of Ukraine met with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 15 December 2021 - 17:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Olaf Scholz on his election and wished success and fruitful cooperation to the new coalition government of Germany. "I appreciate the fact that the coalition agreement of the German government enshrines an agreement on strong support for Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President of Ukraine met with the President of France 15 December 2021 - 17:41 The leaders discussed topical issues of Ukrainian-French cooperation, in particular the implementation of important intergovernmental agreements on joint economic projects reached with the support of the two heads of state. President of Ukraine met with the leaders of the EU member states and partner countries of the Associated Trio 15 December 2021 - 16:36 During his visit to Brussels, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a meeting with the leaders of the EU member states and the Associated Trio countries. The event was initiated by President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of Slovenia signed a Declaration in support of Ukraine's European perspective 15 December 2021 - 16:26 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Prime Minister of Slovenia for his strong support for Ukraine's European integration strategy and for the important practical assistance from Slovenian partners in the process of implementing domestic reforms. President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan in Brussels 15 December 2021 - 14:45 The President of Ukraine thanked for the support of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and asked about the possibility of Azerbaijan's involvement in the process of release of illegally detained persons. During a visit to Brussels, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the European Council 15 December 2021 - 13:39 The interlocutors coordinated their positions before the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit. The President stressed the importance of defining the strategic goals of the Eastern Partnership, in particular regarding the relations between the European Union and the Associated Trio. President of Ukraine to visit Brussels to take part in the sixth Eastern Partnership Summit on December 15-16 15 December 2021 - 09:12 During his visit to Brussels, Volodymyr Zelenskyy will hold a series of bilateral meetings with the leaders of the EU member states and partner countries, the leadership of the European Union and the Secretary General of NATO. President during the swearing-in ceremony by judges: The main task is to restore public confidence in the judiciary 14 December 2021 - 20:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn swearing-in ceremony of the newly appointed judges, which took place at the Office of the President. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Next year we will resume the state program to provide housing for participants in the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident 14 December 2021 - 18:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on social protection of liquidators of the Chornobyl accident. During the event, he presented the participants of the liquidation of the Chornobyl accident with state awards. Ihor Zhovkva discussed the situation in Donbas and Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with the Adviser to the President of Estonia 14 December 2021 - 15:35 Ihor Zhovkva informed the interlocutor in detail about the current security situation in Donbas. He noted the importance of a coordinated response by the international community to another escalation around Ukraine's borders, and stressed the need for Ukraine's NATO and EU partners to agree on necessary measures in response to the potential escalation of the security situation. 1 2 ... 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine