10 captures 02 Aug 2020 - 04 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214185258/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/leonid-kravchuk-ocholiv-ukrayinsku-delegaciyu-v-tkg-mayemo-s-62501 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 President after the meeting with German Chancellor: Ukraine needs energy security guarantees due to the Nord Stream 2 related risks 14 February 2022 - 18:14 The future of European security architecture is being decided in Ukraine today - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with German Chancellor 14 February 2022 - 18:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Leonid Kravchuk took over the leadership of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG: We must find a way and unite 30 July 2020 - 15:48 The first President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk took over the leadership of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group on the Peaceful Settlement of the Situation in Donbas (TCG). The corresponding decree was signed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on July 30, 2020. As a former President of Ukraine, Leonid Kravchuk has the experience necessary to participate in the negotiation process of this level. The new head of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG will actively explain to Ukrainian society the decisions discussed and adopted within the work of the group. According to Leonid Kravchuk, in his position he will do everything possible to achieve peace in Donbas. "I’ve been thinking of it. But when I realized what was happening there, in Donbas, when our young boys and girls are dying defending the land, shedding blood day and night, defending the independence and sovereignty of Ukraine, I decided: if I can do something to speed up peace in Donbas, I will do it until the last breath. That's why I agreed," he said. Leonid Kravchuk also noted the leading role of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in resuming the negotiation process in the Normandy format and in establishing a comprehensive ceasefire in Donbas. The Normandy format meeting took place precisely because of persistence, system and political will - to convene a "four". Next - the work being done today to prepare for the Berlin meeting of the "four" - this is also his (Volodymyr Zelenskyy - ed.) constant initiative. That is, he resuscitated, brought to life the "four", when it was completely in decline. Because he is not afraid to make unpopular decisions. He says: it is important that the document on "silence" was adopted, but let it (the agreement - ed.) be signed by the leaders of the "four",” the first President of Ukraine said. According to him, Ukraine and the European countries that really profess the principles of international law, sovereignty, independence, should unite around achieving peace in Ukraine. "We have to find a way and unite," Leonid Kravchuk summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine