9 captures 07 Aug 2020 - 20 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220326064134/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-otrimali-vid-bankiriv-propoziciyi-shodo-golovi-nbu-trivay-62033 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos By restraining Russian actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to the idea: talk is necessary - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The construction of temporary housing is envisaged within the new program of support for IDPs - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 23:05 Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during the participation in the video meeting of the Atlantic Council 25 March 2022 - 22:27 By restraining Russian actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to the idea: talk is necessary - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 22:18 112 Ukrainian orphans and children with disabilities left for Innsbruck, Austria 25 March 2022 - 14:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia 25 March 2022 - 08:42 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We have received proposals from bankers regarding the governor of the NBU, the candidacies are being considered - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 4 July 2020 - 13:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with representatives of state and commercial banks of Ukraine, where he heard proposals on the candidacy for the post of the governor of the National Bank. "I had three big discussion meetings as part of a professional dialogue. I met with all heads of state banks of Ukraine, I wanted to hear from them both the candidates (for the governor of the NBU - ed.) and their personal impression regarding this situation. Everyone is quite calm about the resignation of the NBU governor. Everyone does not see the risks," the President said during a conversation with media representatives in Odesa. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also said that he had met with all deputy governors of the NBU and representatives of commercial banks of Ukraine. "All three lists offered by these three "tables" of the banking sector are being studied through law enforcement agencies to understand what kind of people they are, what their wealth and professional level is. I have already received it from the bankers," the President said. The Head of State stressed that he did not see any problem in holding meetings with candidates for the post of NBU governor. He added that he had had professional relations with Yakiv Smolii. "We have very good relations not only on a professional, but also on an interpersonal level," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine