4 captures 22 Feb 2022 - 02 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220222132629/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/naroshuvannya-estonskih-investicij-stane-vagomim-vneskom-u-z-73053 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine following the NSDC meeting 22 February 2022 - 02:29 View all videos n latest news Ukraine to consider severance of diplomatic relations with Russia and other effective steps to respond to recent events - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2022 - 14:07 Increasing Estonian investment will be a significant contribution to strengthening Ukraine's resilience - Head of State 22 February 2022 - 13:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: By recognizing "independence" of certain districts of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, Russia is creating a legal basis for further armed aggression against Ukraine 22 February 2022 - 13:30 Joint Statement by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis 22 February 2022 - 12:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Estonia 22 February 2022 - 12:04 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Increasing Estonian investment will be a significant contribution to strengthening Ukraine's resilience - Head of State 22 February 2022 - 13:49 During the talks in Kyiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Estonia Alar Karis discussed further steps to intensify bilateral cooperation, especially in the trade, economic and investment spheres. "We agreed that the contribution to strengthening the stability of Ukraine will be an increase in Estonian business, Estonian investment in Ukraine. Interest in the increase is mutual. Therefore, I invite Estonian investors to take a more active part in energy, infrastructure projects and IT development in Ukraine," the President said during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with the President of Estonia in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the details of the cooperation should be discussed during the meeting of Alar Karis with Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal. In addition, during the talks, the presidents focused on expanding cooperation in the digital sphere and attracting Estonian investors to the Ukrainian Fund of Funds, as well as agreed to deepen cooperation on cybersecurity. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Estonia have many other important and promising areas for deepening cooperation. In particular, today the leaders discussed further cooperation within the Crimea Platform. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated that Estonia had expressed support for our humanitarian summit aimed at protecting the rights of Crimeans and de-occupying the Ukrainian Crimean peninsula. "We paid special attention to the issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. We are grateful to Estonia for its strong support for our country's aspirations to become a member of the European Union and NATO in the future. We hope that this year will be a year of concrete decisions that Ukraine needs," he said. The President thanked Alar Karis for the visit to Ukraine at a crucial moment for Ukrainian society and the independence of our state. "Ukraine and Estonia have all the chances and, most importantly, a clear vision and desire to bring bilateral relations to a qualitatively new level. The current visit of the President is a clear confirmation of that," Volodymyr Zelenskyy summed up. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Estonia 22 February 2022 - 12:04 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Estonia 22 February 2022 - 12:04 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine