20 captures 27 Feb 2020 - 19 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 18 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220518124406/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-adminmezhi-z-okupovanim-krimom-vidkriyetsya-velikij-hab-d-59961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatar Genocide 18 May 2022 - 13:55 View all videos n latest news Address by the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatar Genocide 18 May 2022 - 13:52 Missile shelling of a number of regions and subversive activity at the border are an attempt of the Russian army to compensate for a series of failures in the east and south of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 May 2022 - 00:24 Today there is a war for freedom again, and again it is necessary for cinematography not to be dumb - address by the President of Ukraine to the filmmaking community at the opening of the 75th Cannes International Film Festival 17 May 2022 - 23:48 Ukraine enjoys the strong support of the Czech Republic as regards the prospect of EU membership - Ihor Zhovkva 17 May 2022 - 20:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News Current events A large hub will be opened on the administrative border with the occupied Crimea to serve the citizens, and ATR channel will continue broadcasting - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 February 2020 - 12:21 The Ukrainian government must tell Crimeans what it is doing to protect them. Thus, it is very important to provide a broadcast on the temporarily occupied peninsula, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed during the opening of the Age of Crimea 2020 forum in Kyiv. “It is important to provide broadcast to Crimea. People there need a source of objective information about modern Ukraine. I also want to assure that ATR channel will continue broadcasting - no one will deprive them of state support. This issue will be resolved in the near future,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy assured. The President noted that the Ukrainian authorities would do everything for the blue-yellow flag to be hoisted over Crimea again. But there are things one can and should do today. "First of all, it is support for the citizens who live in Crimea or have a Crimean registration," the Head of State said. According to the President, in previous years, the authorities declared at every opportunity that Crimea is Ukraine, and in reality Crimeans receive Ukrainian birth certificates through a complex court procedure and cannot open a bank account or take out a loan. “I think this is unacceptable and shameful for Ukraine. These problems have existed for six years, and only now they are being actively addressed by the government,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. According to him, it is also very important what kind of Ukraine Crimeans see when crossing the checkpoints with the temporarily occupied peninsula. “It should be a comfortable, safe, illuminated country with normal roads and, pardon me, operating toilets. That is why we paid such attention to the construction of comfortable checkpoints. And we did it. At the same time, despite their attractiveness, I want to emphasize that these are temporary structures. Additionally, the state, in cooperation with SOCAR, will have opened a large hub serving the citizens at Chonhar by the end of the year. There will be a full-fledged administrative service center, a recreation area and other important facilities,” the President said. Also, as the Head of State remarked, an agreement was reached with Turkey on joint construction of 500 apartments for internally displaced persons from Crimea. "In the coming days, the Turkish side is coming to Ukraine to select sites for construction," the President emphasized. In addition, we need to fight for Ukrainian youth in Crimea, in particular by making it easier for them to access educational services and facilitating their life in Ukraine. According to the President, work is also underway to introduce important elements of transitional justice and restore historical justice for Crimean Tatars as an indigenous people of Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine