1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071037/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=24 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President: Infrastructure reform is the biggest and most successful in recent decades, and we are moving forward 26 November 2021 - 13:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that during his term in office a number of important reforms have already been successfully implemented, and some of the changes have begun, and they are in the process of implementation. The Head of State said this during a press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine" dedicated to the equator of his term. President had a phone conversation with the German Chancellor 25 November 2021 - 20:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. The security situation related to the concentration of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine was discussed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the development of the security situation along Ukraine's borders with the President of the European Council 25 November 2021 - 20:01 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Council Charles Michel. The interlocutors discussed the development of the security situation in the east of our country given the concentration of Russian armed forces along the Ukrainian borders. A press marathon with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will take place on Friday 25 November 2021 - 16:16 This Friday, November 26, there will be a press marathon with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, dedicated to the equator of his term. The press marathon "30 questions to the President of Ukraine" will start at 12:00 and will last for three hours. The event will be broadcast online on the official Facebook page of the Office of the Head of State and by leading Ukrainian TV channels. Ukraine creates a national air carrier - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 November 2021 - 14:03 Launch of the national air carrier, new modern airdromes, transformation of Boryspil International Airport into an Eastern European air hub, revival of aircraft construction and strengthening cooperation with the European Union are goals for the coming years, said President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the "Large Construction: Aviation and Tourism" Forum in Kyiv. In the presence of Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Ukraine and Airbus signed a memorandum of cooperation 25 November 2021 - 12:26 The document was signed by Minister of Infrastructure Oleksandr Kubrakov and Airbus Vice President for Europe and Central Asia Kimon Sotiropoulos during the “Large Construction: Aviation and Tourism” Forum. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Poland 24 November 2021 - 19:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. President: To have dignity and freedom, you need a strong army that defends the state 21 November 2021 - 12:23 "I think it is symbolic, because in order to defend the freedom of our state, our agency, independence and territorial integrity, we must have such a powerful army, whose representatives are here now," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy and stressed that it is a great honor for him, as for each of those present and all Ukrainians, to congratulate the defenders on the holiday. On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid tribute to the fallen Maidan activists 21 November 2021 - 10:20 On the Day of Dignity and Freedom, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy put an icon lamp to the cross on the Alley of Heroes of the Heavenly Hundred in Kyiv, honoring the memory of the fallen Maidan activists. President initiated electronic submission of information about the beneficiaries by the companies 18 November 2021 - 17:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy submitted to the Verkhovna Rada the bill “On Amendments to Certain Legislative Acts to Simplify the Provision of Information for Financial Monitoring”, which simplifies the provision of information on ultimate beneficiaries to the Unified State Register of Legal Entities and Individual Entrepreneurs. 1 2 ... 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine