1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071044/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=25 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of the European Commission 17 November 2021 - 20:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. The Head of State informed about the development of the security situation in the east of our country given the tensions around the Ukrainian border, as well as about Ukraine’s efforts aimed at a peaceful settlement. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of Turkey 17 November 2021 - 08:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. The President praised Turkey's continued support for Ukraine's territorial integrity and sovereignty, as well as its active involvement in the work of a new international mechanism, the Crimea Platform. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom 16 November 2021 - 18:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace, who is on a working visit to Kyiv. The state will not leave anyone without light and heating - President 15 November 2021 - 22:03 Despite the global energy crisis, the citizens of Ukraine will be provided with electricity and heating. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a video address to Ukrainians. Ukrainians completely vaccinated against COVID-19 will soon be able to receive a thousand hryvnias from the state - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 November 2021 - 21:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the state continues the existing programs to support businesses and citizens affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and is developing a number of new tools to help. The situation with the incidence of COVID-19 is stabilized in Ukraine - meeting chaired by the President 15 November 2021 - 16:07 In Ukraine, for the second week in a row, the situation with the incidence of COVID-19 has stabilized and the main negative indicators have decreased. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Georgia 12 November 2021 - 09:01 The Head of State raised the issue of ensuring the rights of Ukrainian citizen Mikheil Saakashvili and stressed that they must be fully guaranteed in accordance with international law. President had a phone conversation with the President of Lithuania 11 November 2021 - 15:45 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. The heads of state discussed in detail the difficult situation that has arisen on the European-Belarusian border. NSDC chaired by the President considered enhancing security measures on the Ukrainian-Belarusian border 10 November 2021 - 19:43 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy chaired a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine, which considered the situation on the state border with Belarus and heard reports on the introduction of restrictive measures against a number of individuals and legal entities. President: The next important direction of the Large Construction - the new Ukrainian railway - starts today 9 November 2021 - 14:50 Renewal of the railway, modernization of rolling stock and railways will be the next important area of the Large Construction National Program. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the "Large Construction: A New Railway" Forum. 1 2 ... 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine