1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309020254/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Roman Mashovets and British Ambassador discussed preparations for the visit of the President of Ukraine to Great Britain 28 October 2021 - 17:32 Key attention was paid to security, defense and military-technical areas. Ihor Zhovkva and the EU Special Representative discussed systemic human rights violations in the temporarily occupied territories of Crimea and Donbas 21 October 2021 - 18:23 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Special Representative for Human Rights Eamon Gilmore. Ihor Zhovkva: The 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit was one of the most successful in the history of our country's relations with the European Union 12 October 2021 - 19:56 The 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit held in Kyiv on October 12 with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen was an important stage in developing political dialogue and deepening integration between our country and the European Union. This was stated by Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva. Andriy Yermak held a meeting with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Robin Dunnigan 8 October 2021 - 16:54 Andriy Yermak and Robin Dunnigan discussed the preparations for the meeting of the renewed Strategic Partnership Commission, including the signing of the renewed Charter of Strategic Partnership between Ukraine and the United States. Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of the Estonian government discussed support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration 5 October 2021 - 19:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary of State of the Government of Estonia Taimar Peterkop and Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov who are on a visit to Ukraine at the head of a representative delegation of eight ministries and the government apparatus of the Republic of Estonia. Andriy Yermak called on the participants of the working meeting on judicial reform to hold an open dialogue in order to implement the necessary changes as soon as possible 30 September 2021 - 22:00 A working meeting on the state of implementation of judicial reform in Ukraine was held at the President's Office with the participation of the ambassadors of the G7 countries. Roman Mashovets discusses prospects for defense cooperation with Canadian advisory group 17 September 2021 - 09:02 Roman Mashovets, Deputy Head of the Office of the President, discussed the issues of deepening relations between Ukraine and Canada in the field of defense cooperation with Michael J. McCarthy, Director of the Canadian PROTECT program. Meeting with participation of G7, EU ambassadors to support judicial reform in Ukraine held at Office of President 16 September 2021 - 17:10 The participants, in particular, discussed the creation of the first competition commission for holding a competition to select members of the High Qualification Commission of Judges and the first Ethics Council to check the virtue of candidates for the positions of members of the Verkhovna Rada. Ukraine believes that Nord Stream 2 issue should be considered at Normandy Four leaders meeting – Andriy Yermak 11 September 2021 - 14:36 Ukraine advocates for considering the implementation of the Nord Stream 2 project at a meeting of the Normandy Four leaders, because it concerns national security. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the YES Brainstorming event organized by the Yalta European Strategy in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak was on phone call today with Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs Robin Dunnigan 11 September 2021 - 10:01 The interlocutors exchanged views on the results of the visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States and next steps to implement the agreements reached and further strengthen the strategic partnership between Ukraine and the United States. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine