1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022851/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=170 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Every Russian attack on our civilian objects brings the international consensus on Russia's liability closer - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 October 2022 - 22:36 Terror against Ukrainian energy facilities, moreover against the background of Russia's attempts to exacerbate the global food crisis, clearly indicates that Russia will continue to oppose itself to the entire international community. Lawyers will put an end to this war after the military and politicians - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the meeting organized by the International Bar Association (IBA) 31 October 2022 - 21:02 I thank you for the already started cooperation of your Association with the Ukrainian Office of the Prosecutor General and for your initiatives that help us fight for justice for all the victims of this Russian terrorist war. Together we can prove that the law is effective, that the law works, that every war crime will be investigated, and every war criminal will be brought to justice. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic in Kyiv 31 October 2022 - 20:18 The Head of State noted the importance of this visit, as it is taking place at a time when Ukraine is facing Russian attacks on civil infrastructure, in particular on energy facilities. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Petr Fiala signed the Joint Declaration on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic Perspective 31 October 2022 - 19:05 The document defines the priority areas of cooperation between Ukraine and the Czech Republic in the framework of our country's strategic course to acquire full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Russia can and will lose, but partners should help Ukraine with weapons - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Welt 31 October 2022 - 10:28 If Ukraine receives a sufficient number of weapons and equipment from its partners, it will be able to put an end to the Russian genocide of Ukrainians and protect the security of Europe. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, said this in an interview with the German TV channel Welt. There were no emergency blackouts in the country today, but the generation deficit persists, therefore frugal electricity consumption should be continued - address by the President of Ukraine 30 October 2022 - 22:48 Every day and without any breaks, we work to speed up the restoration of the territorial integrity of our state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 30 October 2022 - 18:11 The members of the Staff discussed the state of logistical support of the defense forces, in particular, the rhythmic supply of ammunition and the repair of equipment and weapons. How can Russia be among G20 if it is deliberately working for hunger on several continents – address of President of Ukraine 29 October 2022 - 21:37 From September to today, 176 vessels have already accumulated in the grain corridor, which cannot follow their route. Some grain carriers have been waiting for more than three weeks. This is an absolutely deliberate blockade by Russia. During this war Ukraine's army and people showed that one may have no fear and not take too seriously what Russian propaganda says – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:24 Over time, the number of states that support Ukraine and do not trust Russian propaganda will grow, but we need to work on this. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, who participated via video call in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. Ukraine's victory is only way to avoid Russian aggression against other countries – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:13 The head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, called on the world community to increase pressure on the Russian Federation and increase the amount of aid to Ukraine, because only the defeat of the aggressor will make it impossible to wage similar wars against other countries of the world. He stated this participating online in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. 1 2 ... 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine