12 captures 02 Oct 2022 - 08 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 02 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221002125952/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-vzyav-uchast-u-pidpisanni-dokumenta-pro-zapoc-78013 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news During this week more Ukrainian flags appeared in Donbas, there will be even more – address of President of Ukraine 1 October 2022 - 21:28 Civilized world must show Russia that it will not get away with either attempted annexation or nuclear blackmail – Andriy Yermak in column for The Atlantic 1 October 2022 - 17:56 Negotiations with Russia can resume only when Russian army leaves entire territory of Ukraine, including Crimea – Podolyak in interview with La Repubblica 1 October 2022 - 15:04 Ukraine to continue liberating its territories despite any statements from Russia – Mykhailo Podolyak in interview with Politico 1 October 2022 - 13:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 30 September 2022 - 15:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President took part in the signing of the document on the launch of the new Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV for investments in Ukrainian companies 26 September 2022 - 15:29 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of signing the document on participation in the financing of the Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV via video conference. This is a new fund created for investments in Ukrainian companies. The signing took place at the office of the International Finance Corporation in London with the participation of international investment companies. Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV, L.P., which raised $125 million in the first phase, will support visionary Ukrainian entrepreneurs who lead fast-growing technology and export-oriented companies. This is the first largest fund for Ukraine established since February 24, and the first such structure that will support our state after obtaining the status of a candidate for EU membership in June of this year. The rest of the funds - another $125 million - will be raised in the near future. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the investors for their attention to Ukraine and their support in difficult times, which indicates accession to our victory over the aggressor. “The struggle for freedom is taking place not only at the front. Thanks to the bravery of our heroes at the front, there are opportunities for other fronts to hold on as well - first of all, this is the economic front. And it is an extremely good signal for the economic front that such esteemed investment players support our state, demonstrate interest in Ukraine,” the Head of State noted. The President emphasized that our country has significant potential for participation in global economic relations. "Our agricultural sector, our production potential, primarily engineering, the raw materials sector, including the extraction of rare-earth elements, our gas sector, including convenient gas storage facilities on the border of the European Union countries, our clean "green" energy sector, which has the largest growth potential in the region, – all these are colossal opportunities to guarantee stability," he is convinced. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that investments in Ukraine will contribute to common development, well-being and profit. The President emphasized the development of the digital sector of Ukraine, as our state has become one of the global leaders in the digitization of public services and social relations. "Bravery and education, the ability to fight for our interests and find the most convenient way to realize our interests - this is what helps us win. And this is what allows us to be among the best, in particular in the IT sphere," the Head of State emphasized and added that Ukraine has created one of the best tax regimes in the world for the IT industry – "Diia City", and this confirms the effectiveness of the state policy to support the digital sector. "Now you won't find anywhere in the world the kind of opportunities that Ukraine has: people, geography, access to markets, resources, production culture and constant search for new effective solutions in order to withstand the confrontation with Russia. All these are chances. Chances, in particular, for investors to increase their opportunities," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The Head of State thanked everyone who joined the initiative to create the Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV. "The objective need for such funds is a thousand times greater. We understand that. And I believe that this fund is a start, the right start of the right investments right now in Ukraine. In the country that will definitely gain the historically most important victory of our time," the President said. The document on participation in the financing of the Horizon Capital Growth Fund IV was signed by Founding Partner and Chief Executive Officer of Horizon Capital Lenna Koszarny, Managing Director Equity at EBRD Hassan El Khatib, Chairman of the Board of Directors of Deutsche Investitions und Entwicklungsgesellschaft Roland Siller, Director Private Equity at the FMO Jaap Reinking, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Swiss Investment Fund for Emerging Markets Jörg Frieden, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Western NIS Enterprise Fund Dennis Johnson, Senior Vice President of Innovative Finance at the Rockefeller Foundation Maria Kozloski, Managing Director of the International Finance Corporation Makhtar Diop. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine