8 captures 20 Aug 2022 - 21 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220820053919/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-prezidentom-fondu-pidtrimki-demokr-74801 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:46 View all videos n latest news The restoration of full security at the ZNPP and Enerhodar can begin with the mission to the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 19 August 2022 - 22:43 A meeting was held in the President's Office with the chief prosecutor in the case of Slobodan Milošević, at which the establishment of a Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine was discussed 19 August 2022 - 19:29 In the presence of the President, a Memorandum was signed with Eurocities on support for the reconstruction of Ukrainian cities 19 August 2022 - 18:30 Declaring its readiness for negotiations, Russia is trying to buy time to prepare for the continuation of its aggressive policy towards Ukraine - Mykhailo Podolyak 19 August 2022 - 17:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Eurocities representatives 19 August 2022 - 18:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed US assistance and Ukraine's efforts to fight Russia with President of the National Endowment for Democracy Damon Wilson 5 May 2022 - 18:05 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Damon Wilson, an American expert on foreign policy and President of the National Endowment for Democracy (NED) in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak noted the partnership cooperation between Ukraine and the United States. "In this difficult time, we understand who our friends and strategic partners are. And, of course, the United States plays an extremely important role in supporting Ukraine," he said. The Head of the President's Office noted the successful visit to Ukraine of US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin, as well as the visit of Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi. "And, of course, we are waiting for President Biden," Andriy Yermak added. The Head of the Office of the President stressed that despite significant support from the United States, Ukraine needs more weapons, as the war continues and the whole world sees the situation in the southeast of our country, including Mariupol. According to him, negotiations with Ukraine's partners take place daily at all levels. "People's lives in Mariupol depend on how quickly we get help. We ask everyone: please save our people, children, wives," he said, adding that the time is running out and it’s a matter of days already. In addition, special attention is paid to the sanctions policy. The Head of the President's Office stressed that it is important for sanctions to be effective. A special international expert group has been set up for this purpose. Andriy Yermak also noted the work with partners on security guarantees for Ukraine, which should not be a repetition of the Budapest Memorandum. "Ukraine wants to be sure after the war that this will not happen again. The second Budapest Memorandum is completely inadmissible. We hold daily consultations with our partners on the security future of Ukraine… These should be clear, legally fixed commitments, guarantees," he said. According to the Head of the Office of the President, if there is no effective mechanism in the world to stop the war and prevent its beginning, it is the verdict for the entire world security system, so we need to build a new one. The Head of the President's Office stressed that it is important for Ukraine that this war does not become protracted, because by exhausting Russia, it will at the same time take the lives of Ukrainians and destroy our cities and infrastructure. "For us, the protection of our people, Ukrainians, comes first. It is very important for us that our heroes stay alive. That their families stay alive and that our cities are not completely destroyed," Andriy Yermak emphasized. Therefore, according to him, this war should end as soon as possible, but on Ukrainian terms. It is important for the Ukrainian economy to begin to recover and for the citizens of our country, who went abroad to flee the Russian bombing, to return home, because they strive for that return. Damon Wilson noted the struggle of Ukrainians and the support of the United States for Ukraine's efforts in this struggle. "Ukraine is creating history, its democratic future right now. The American people support Ukrainians in their struggle for freedom and democracy. And the whole Congress, our people, the whole American politicum stands together with Ukraine. We will do everything possible to support the Ukrainian people so that Ukraine wins this war, de-occupies its territories and restores peace," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine