16 captures 20 Apr 2020 - 02 Feb 2026 Apr MAY Jun 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220522005751/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pozhezhu-v-zoni-vidchuzhennya-chaes-likvidovano-tlinnya-zaga-60629 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:51 View all videos n latest news The war continues, and each of us must take care of the defense every day - address by the President of Ukraine 21 May 2022 - 23:45 Andriy Yermak met with the heads of embassies of the European Union member states and the EU Delegation 21 May 2022 - 17:35 If the world does not help Ukraine unblock its ports, the energy crisis will be followed by a food crisis - President 21 May 2022 - 17:19 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expects positive decisions from the second meeting of partner countries in the Ramstein format 21 May 2022 - 16:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Portugal 21 May 2022 - 15:36 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The fire in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone has been eliminated, smoldering will be extinguished in a few days - daily report to the President 14 April 2020 - 14:02 The State Emergency Service of Ukraine needs a few more days to extinguish smoldering that remains after the fire in and around the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. This was reported by Head of the State Emergency Service Mykola Chechotkin to President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a daily conference call chaired by the President. The Head of State hears a report on this issue every day to keep the situation under control. Answering the question when the fire in the Exclusion Zone will be eliminated, Mykola Chechotkin said that there has been no fire already. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was also informed that the day before, after 4 pm, the situation had worsened due to stormy wind, so it had been difficult to control the fire. Therefore, the State Emergency Service sent more equipment and personnel to eliminate the fire. The rain in the area helped the firefighters deal with the situation faster. “In total, yesterday, aviation firefighters made 227 flights and used 500 tons of water. The background radiation in the Exclusion Zone remains within normal limits and does not increase,” Mykola Chechotkin said. Simultaneously with fire extinguishing in the territory of the Exclusion Zone, the State Emergency Service has not allowed the spread of the fire to the military ammunition depots, “Shelter” and “Vector” objects, Chernobyl NPP distribution power station and radioactive waste storage facility, Mykola Chechotkin added. National police informed that the day before arsonists had been detained near two points of fire outbreak, investigative activities were being carried out. One Ukrainian citizen is suspected of setting fire to about seven hectares of drywood. “I am very glad that the Verkhovna Rada yesterday voted in favor of raising fines for arson, destruction of forests. This is a quick and correct response from the authorities to serious challenges. The previous fines in the amount of several thousand hryvnias were too little punishment for such serious crimes,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. It bears reminding that on April 13, at an extraordinary meeting, the Verkhovna Rada approved the bill "On amendments to some legislative acts of Ukraine with the purpose of preservation of the environment (as regards increasing the responsibility for the actions aimed at air pollution and destruction or damaging flora)", which increases fines for burning forests and green spaces 20 times. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine