1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030947/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=52 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine met with leaders of the Social Democratic Party of Germany 6 March 2023 - 21:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with co-chairman of the ruling Social Democratic Party of Germany Lars Klingbeil and chairman of the SPD parliamentary group in the Bundestag Rolf Mützenich, who are on a visit to Ukraine. The meeting was also attended by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and his deputies Andriy Sybiha and Roman Mashovets. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 6 March 2023 - 13:36 The commanders of the operational and strategic groups of troops reported on the situation on the main frontline directions. The members of the Staff reviewed the situation in Bakhmut in particular detail. Volodymyr Zelenskyy takes part in meeting of Congress of Local and Regional Authorities: We all together ensure Ukraine's invincibility, and it is priority 4 March 2023 - 20:46 "The major task of this Congress meeting is not only to sum up the key results of the work of public institutions and local authorities during the hardest year for our state – the year of the war but also to determine solutions to make our state even stronger. At all levels, from the central government structures to the management of the country's communities," the President said. Education in Ukraine should become more modern – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Roberta Metsola talk to students in Lviv region 4 March 2023 - 16:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy together with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola talked to the student community of higher education institutions of Lviv region. President of Ukraine meets with President of European Parliament in Lviv 4 March 2023 - 11:40 As part of a working trip to Lviv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola visiting our country for the second time since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with attorneys general from partner states of Ukraine and international institutions in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 18:06 During a working trip to Lviv region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with attorneys general and prosecutors general from Ukraine's partner states and international institutions. President met with Foreign Ministers of the Netherlands and Estonia in Lviv 3 March 2023 - 17:23 The Head of State expressed gratitude for the significant defense, financial, energy and legal support provided by the Netherlands and Estonia to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Joint Declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the Republic of Latvia Egils Levits 3 March 2023 - 17:06 The President of Ukraine and the President of the Republic of Latvia reiterate their demand that the Russian Federation immediately, completely, and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders. Everything must be done to reduce Russia's ability to produce weapons - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 March 2023 - 16:32 In order to defeat the Russian aggressor, the unity of the partner states in the fundamental issues of imposing sanctions against Russia and accelerating the supply of weapons to Ukraine is necessary. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with President of Latvia Egils Levits in Lviv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Egils Levits in Lviv: Latvia will strongly help Ukraine in bringing all Russian criminals to justice 3 March 2023 - 16:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Republic of Latvia Egils Levits in Lviv. 1 2 ... 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine