1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071535/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=66 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a solemn meeting of the Verkhovna Rada on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Constitution of Ukraine 28 June 2021 - 11:27 A quarter of a century ago, on this very day, in this very hall, a very important symbol of our history, our independence and our state was born! And I sincerely congratulate all of us on this great, special, double holiday - the Day of the Constitution of Ukraine and the 25th anniversary of its adoption! President honored the memory of Pylyp Orlyk, the creator of the first Ukrainian Constitution 28 June 2021 - 11:03 On the day of the 25th anniversary of the Basic Law of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the creator of the first Ukrainian Constitution - Hetman Pylyp Orlyk. President of Ukraine asked a number of questions to the candidates for the post of German Chancellor in a video address 26 June 2021 - 20:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the "Germany's Role in the World" panel discussion organized by the Munich Security Conference (MSC), during which he addressed the candidates for the post of Federal Chancellor of Germany. President: My competitors in the elections are bad roads, war and poverty 24 June 2021 - 22:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy does not see any politician who could compete with him in the future presidential elections. His main "rivals" remain poverty, war in Donbas and poor infrastructure. The Head of State said this in an interview to VIP with Natalia Moseychuk program on 1+1 TV channel. President: Large Construction is a really cool program that helped save jobs during the pandemic 24 June 2021 - 22:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the Large Construction program helps modernize the infrastructure in the country and creates additional jobs, which is especially important during the COVID-19 pandemic. He said this in an interview to VIP with Natalia Moseychuk program on 1+1 TV channel. At a meeting with US President, Volodymyr Zelenskyy will raise security and economic issues 24 June 2021 - 21:54 At a forthcoming meeting with US President Joe Biden, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will raise the issues of cooperation in the defense sphere, the security situation in Donbas and the Black Sea Region, as well as cooperation with the IMF and reforms. The Head of State noted this in an interview to VIP with Natalia Moseychuk program on 1+1 TV channel. Head of State: For Ukraine, the NATO Membership Action Plan is not a topic for discussion with Russia 24 June 2021 - 21:43 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that relations between Ukraine and NATO, including the provision of a Membership Action Plan, are issues for discussion with Allies, not with Russia. He said this in an interview to VIP with Natalia Moseychuk program on 1+1 TV channel. I came to change the country, not to reach agreements with everyone - President about the decisions of the National Security and Defense Council 24 June 2021 - 21:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that he strives to make qualitative changes in the country and uses all his opportunities for this, including the decisions of the National Security and Defense Council. He told about it in an interview to VIP with Natalia Moseychuk program on 1+1 TV channel. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets discussed prospects for defense cooperation with NATO Strategic Advisor on SOF issues 24 June 2021 - 21:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed a number of issues regarding the prospects and ways for NATO countries to assist in building the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with NATO Strategic Advisor on Special Operations Forces (SOF) Michael Ripass (USA). Particular attention was paid to aspects of social protection and education of representatives of this unit of the Armed Forces in the general context of defense reform. President and the First Lady visited the tenth Book Arsenal Festival in Kyiv 24 June 2021 - 20:02 The President and the First Lady were interested in art publications, fiction and nonfiction. 1 2 ... 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine