8 captures 30 Aug 2023 - 16 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230830112641/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zvernuvsya-u-videoformati-do-diplomativ-krayin-85209 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news It is a duty to be worthy of the path Ukraine is on - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 August 2023 - 22:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, security guarantees for Ukraine and the functioning of the "grain corridor" with the Prime Minister of Japan 29 August 2023 - 15:37 President on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine: There are no words to describe the strength, greatness and self-sacrifice of a hero who remains forever in battle for his people to preserve freedom and emerge victorious 29 August 2023 - 13:49 Olena Zelenska met with UNICEF Regional Director Regina De Dominicis 29 August 2023 - 12:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Remembrance of the Defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2023 - 12:51 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak delivered a video address to the diplomats of the world who took part in the festivities in Canada and Brazil on the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine 26 August 2023 - 15:55 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak delivered a video address to the participants of the solemn breakfasts in Canada and Brazil organized on the occasion of the 32nd anniversary of Ukraine's independence. The event in Canada was organized by Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada Mélanie Joly, together with Ambassador of Ukraine to Canada Yulia Kovaliv. The event was attended by diplomats from 77 countries, including the G7, NATO member states, and the Global South. The topic of the breakfast was President Zelenskyy's Peace Formula and security guarantees for Ukraine. In a video message, Andriy Yermak thanked Canada and representatives of diplomatic missions of other countries in Ottawa for their assistance and support for Ukraine in its fight for independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. A solemn breakfast on the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine was also held in Brazil. It was organized by Charge d'Affaires of Ukraine in Brazil Anatoliy Tkach. The event was attended by the ambassadors of Japan, the United Kingdom, Sweden, the EU, Italy, the representative of the U.S. Embassy, as well as the Chargés d'Affaires of Spain, France, Germany and Canada. During the event, the parties discussed the work on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular its first point - "Radiation and Nuclear Security". The Head of the Office of the President noted that Russia does not seek peace, it seeks domination. And Ukraine wants peace, which is why last year President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented a 10-point Peace Formula based on the principles of international law and the UN Charter. Andriy Yermak spoke about the three levels at which the Formula is being implemented: at the level of ambassadors, diplomatic advisors and leaders of all interested states that respect international law. "This Formula is an effective mechanism for solving global war-related problems. We want every responsible country to consider it its own. We will welcome the participation of every state that respects the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. We are deeply convinced that only the coordinated efforts of the international community can put an end to this war," he said, noting that dozens of countries have already joined this initiative and their number is growing steadily. "The formula is our vision of the principles of the post-war world order. The formula is universal. It applies to everyone. And we can only implement it together. Russia is dragging the world into the past. So, just like centuries ago, the famous slogan "For our freedom and yours" is relevant once again. Together, we can make it happen," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President's Office also added that it is important to join the provision of security guarantees to Ukraine envisaged by the Joint Declaration of Support for our country agreed by the G7 countries during the NATO Summit in Vilnius in July this year. Andriy Yermak noted that 28 countries have already joined the declaration, and negotiations have already begun with some of them to conclude bilateral agreements on security guarantees for Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine