1 capture 20 May 2024 Apr MAY Jun 20 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240520121237/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=20-05-2023&date-to=20-05-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The Occupier Fails to Achieve Its Goal of Stretching Our Forces Thin and Thus Weakening Ukraine – Address by the President 19 May 2024 - 19:21 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kharkiv Region 16 May 2024 - 12:48 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – May Those Whose Courage and Strength Preserve Life on Earth Never Fade from People's Memory – The President Presented Awards on the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism 8 May 2024 - 16:16 On the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in World War II, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Orders of the Golden Star to the relatives of the fallen Heroes of Ukraine and awarded the warriors with the Cross of Military Merit decorations. Today, Ukrainians Are Once Again Standing Up to Evil, Which Has Reemerged – Address by the President on the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism 8 May 2024 - 09:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy recorded an address in the village of Yahidne, Chernihiv region, on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in World War II. During the occupation in March 2022, Russian invaders held all the villagers in the school basement for almost a month. 350 adults and children were left without food, water, and medicine. Address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in World War II 8 May 2024 - 09:01 80 years ago, millions of Ukrainians fought to defeat Nazism forever. But today, Ukrainians are once again standing up to evil, which reemerged, returned, and wants to destroy us again. It’s an army of a fiend that kills, tortures and wipes peaceful cities and villages off the face of the Earth. This evil is called Russian fascism, or RF for short. Specific Proposals on Ukraine's Future NATO Membership: Yermak-Rasmussen International Group Held a Meeting 7 May 2024 - 23:24 The Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and the Secretary General of NATO in 2009-2014 Anders Fogh Rasmussen held an online regular meeting of the International Working Group on security issues and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. We are Preparing Meetings and Documents That Will Definitely Make It Into the News in the Coming Weeks - Address by the President 7 May 2024 - 22:05 We continue to prepare for the actual start of talks with the European Union in June. From our side, the Ukrainian side, all the details will be one hundred percent worked out. Ukraine has fulfilled its obligations. Spain, Belgium, Latvia and Finland Confirmed Their Participation in the Global Peace Summit 7 May 2024 - 19:34 The President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, held telephone conversations with the President of the Republic of Finland Alexander Stubb, the President of the Latvian Republic Edgars Rinkēvičs, the Prime Minister of Spain Pedro Sánchez and the Prime Minister of Belgium Alexander De Croo. All of them confirmed their participation in the Global Peace Summit that will be held in Switzerland this June. Andriy Yermak Held the Fourth Round of Talks with the U.S. on Bilateral Security Agreement 6 May 2024 - 22:19 The parties discussed the most fundamental provisions of the agreement, the wording of a number of issues, and set the date for the next round of negotiations. We Are Now Working Very Actively to Prepare the Inaugural Peace Summit in Switzerland – The President in His Evening Address 6 May 2024 - 21:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had phone conversations with Presidents of Lithuania and Poland Gitanas Nausėda and Andrzej Duda and Prime Ministers of Estonia and Canada Kaja Kallas and Justin Trudeau. Political Decisions Must Be Followed by Real Logistics – the Actual Receipt of Weapons by Our Warriors – Address by the President 6 May 2024 - 19:54 All those involved must now work 24/7 with partners, including the United States. It Is Always Primarily the Infantry Troops Who Determine Who Controls the Ground – On Infantry Day, the President Congratulated the Defenders Who Are the Backbone of the Ukrainian Army 6 May 2024 - 18:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with infantrymen, relatives of fallen Heroes and unit commanders, and presented state awards, battle flags and honorary awards. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine