13 captures 23 Mar 2023 - 16 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 23 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230323155536/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-hersonshini-prezident-oznajomivsya-z-vidnovlennyam-zrujno-81757 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We will do everything to ensure that the blue and yellow colors continue their liberation movement - address by the President of Ukraine 22 March 2023 - 19:51 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting regarding the situation in the Kherson region and awarded Ukrainian defenders 23 March 2023 - 13:14 In the Kherson region, the President observed the restoration of the region's destroyed infrastructure 23 March 2023 - 12:56 We count on Denmark's support for the beginning of accession negotiations - Ihor Zhovkva 22 March 2023 - 20:07 President visited the wounded servicemen in the Kharkiv region and presented awards 22 March 2023 - 20:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In the Kherson region, the President observed the restoration of the region's destroyed infrastructure 23 March 2023 - 12:56 ﻿﻿During a working trip to the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the course of restoration of infrastructure facilities destroyed as a result of Russia's full-scale aggression. In particular, the Head of State visited the village of Posad-Pokrovske, where a large number of houses and social infrastructure facilities were damaged. The President was informed that residents are gradually returning to the village, the restoration of electricity and water supply is underway, and the outpatient clinic is being rebuilt. Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the Point of Invincibility and one of the mobile homes installed in the village. The President spoke with the residents of Posad-Pokrovske and inquired about their urgent needs. In particular, the villagers noted the importance of rebuilding destroyed homes and restoring electricity supply. "We will try to rebuild it before winter. Our priority task is electricity. Drinking water will be provided according to the schedule. Now they will start working on the plan. I think that everything will be fine," said the Head of State. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited one of the energy facilities of the region and got acquainted with the situation regarding the provision of electricity to the settlements of the Kherson region. The President was informed about the progress of the restoration of electricity supply in the de-occupied territories and the repair of equipment destroyed as a result of Russian shelling. In addition, the Head of State got himself acquainted with the measures taken to counter Russian shelling of Kherson and other settlements in the region. In the regional center, Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected one of the stationary shelters for city residents. It has Internet access, generator, equipped places for rest. The President was informed about the work on arranging mobile and stationary shelters in the Kherson region. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine