1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003221600/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The first meeting of the working group that will work on the implementation of the security point of the Ukrainian Peace Formula took place 17 August 2023 - 21:33 The Office of the President hosted a constituent meeting of the working group that will work on the implementation of the ninth point of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula - "Preventing the escalation of war and the recurrence of aggression." Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 16 August 2023 - 17:20 The parties discussed the priority areas of cooperation for both sides. Ukraine is fighting every day for every child illegally taken by Russia - Daria Herasymchuk 15 August 2023 - 13:58 Ukraine will do everything to ensure that even after many years, every Ukrainian child illegally deported by Russia can find out about their origin. This was stated by Advisor – President's Commissioner for Children's Rights and Children's Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk , during a live broadcast by Ukrinform. Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with Jake Sullivan 12 August 2023 - 12:34 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a telephone conversation with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. Andriy Yermak holds fifth meeting on implementation of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula with representatives of foreign diplomatic missions 12 August 2023 - 09:00 The meeting with the ambassadors took place in the Club of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine and concerned the points of the Formula – Energy Security and Preventing Escalation and Repetition of Aggression. Ukraine has started negotiations with the United Kingdom on a bilateral agreement on security commitments 11 August 2023 - 20:00 The United Kingdom became the second country after the United States of America with which Ukraine started relevant negotiations and continued the positive dynamics of implementation of security commitments reached by our country with key international partners. Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed the situation at the front and defense cooperation in the format of a videoconference 10 August 2023 - 11:56 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a meeting was held in the Office of the President in the format of a video conference between the military and political leadership of Ukraine and the United States to discuss the situation at the front and defense cooperation. The most important outcome of the meeting in Jeddah is that we are one step closer to the implementation of the Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 8 August 2023 - 10:31 The meeting in Jeddah brought Ukraine closer to implementing the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Work continues on the preparation and holding of the Global Peace Summit. Respect for territorial integrity and sovereignty is the basis of the Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak told the media about the meeting of advisors in Jeddah 8 August 2023 - 10:04 According to Andriy Yermak, all the representatives of the states present declared their full support and respect for Ukraine's independence, territorial integrity and sovereignty. Ukrainian side told the participants of the meeting in Jeddah about the philosophy of each of the points of the Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 8 August 2023 - 09:19 At a meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media on Monday, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the philosophy of each point of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, which the Ukrainian side shared with participants of consultations in Jeddah on August 5-6. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine