6 captures 22 Dec 2020 - 05 Feb 2023 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215095915/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-podyakuvav-prezidentovi-yebrr-za-pidpisannya-65713 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President thanked the EBRD President for signing an agreement on the major repair of roads in Ukraine 21 December 2020 - 15:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Odile Renaud-Basso. The President congratulated the interlocutor on her election as President of the EBRD and stressed that the importance of cooperation with the Bank for Ukraine is difficult to overestimate - today it is the largest institutional investor in our country. "As far as I know, this year's portfolio of the bank's projects has already reached 730 million euros, and by the end of the year this amount may reach 900 million euros. We are very pleased that especially during the global economic crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the Bank continues to actively invest in Ukraine and provide support to Ukrainian business," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. He stressed that despite the crisis, the Ukrainian banking system is stable and the budget is being implemented. The President said that the IMF mission started its work in Ukraine today, and according to its results, another tranche is expected to be received in early 2021 in the framework of the stand-by program. The parties discussed in detail the course of reforms in Ukraine. "This year we have adopted a law on the land market, launched a reform of the tax and customs services, signed the first concession agreements, and actively conduct “small” privatization and digitization of all public services," the President said. The President of Ukraine also emphasized that the country's leadership is making daily efforts to overcome the constitutional crisis in close cooperation with the Venice Commission, and progress in this direction is pretty fast. He noted that the functioning of electronic declaration was restored and the law on the resumption of full-fledged work of the NACP was passed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the necessary bills on judicial reform have already been prepared and structural reforms are underway despite the impact of the pandemic. President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Odile Renaud-Basso praised the efforts and activities aimed at resuming the work of the NACP. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the program of large-scale renovation of the infrastructure "Large Construction", according to which about 4,200 km of state roads, as well as 2,500 km of local roads will be repaired and built in Ukraine already this year. "Active cooperation with the EBRD, the European Investment Bank and other financial institutions is important for us in terms of attracting additional credit funds for infrastructure investment. And I commend the agreement signed with Ukravtodor on December 18, which will allow us to start the major repair of roads next year," the President of Ukraine said. The President congratulated Odile Renaud-Basso on the upcoming holidays and invited her to pay a visit to Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine