1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013207/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=30 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – We must prevent a scenario when the aggressor will leave millions of Ukrainians without electricity - Andriy Yermak at the international constituent meeting to support the restoration of Ukraine's energy sector 5 January 2023 - 22:53 Pursuant to the instruction of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a constituent meeting with international partners to support the restoration of the Ukrainian energy sector. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with U.S. President's Advisor Jake Sullivan 5 January 2023 - 10:22 According to Andriy Yermak, it is very important that Ukraine's partners continue to provide effective support in ensuring the defense needs of Ukraine to adequately respond to future challenges. Andriy Yermak met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine 4 January 2023 - 21:09 Andriy Yermak congratulated the representative of Japan on the beginning of the official Tokyo's presidency in the Group of Seven in 2023 and expressed hope for continued active cooperation with the G7 countries. Andriy Yermak discussed with Ukrainian defenders released from Russian captivity the work of the Coordination Headquarters on the treatment of prisoners of war 30 December 2022 - 13:25 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak visited the Coordination Headquarters on the treatment of prisoners of war and held a meeting with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity. The main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our state and the world - Ihor Zhovkva 29 December 2022 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with Foreign and European Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. For the President, the life of every Ukrainian is important, therefore a large team is working on the release of Ukrainian prisoners - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:51 For President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the release of Ukrainian citizens from Russian captivity is a priority, so a large team is working on this issue every day. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseychuk. Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of goals in the fight against the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:15 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that Ukraine and the United States have a common understanding of the goals and methods of supporting our state in the struggle against the Russian aggressor. He stated this in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseychuk. Ending the war in Ukraine should become important for every country in the world, this is exactly what the Ukrainian Peace Formula provides for - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 18:58 Ukraine is interested in the Ukrainian Peace Formula being supported by as many countries as possible, so it is preparing a peace summit that can be held on the UN platform. This was announced by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseichuk. Roman Mashovets discussed key areas of security cooperation with the Ambassador of Canada 28 December 2022 - 22:01 Roman Mashovets assured the Canadian side of the steadfast determination of the security and defense forces of Ukraine to defend their land until the complete victory over the enemy, until the restoration of the country's territorial integrity within internationally recognized borders. Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Germany 21 December 2022 - 19:28 The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted the important role of Germany in bringing the joint victory over Russian terror closer. Modalities of expanding defense support from Germany were discussed, which, among other things, will make possible further successful counteroffensive operations of Ukraine and the restoration of its internationally recognized borders. 1 2 ... 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine