15 captures 06 Aug 2023 - 21 Jun 2025 Jul AUG Sep 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230806195012/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-aktualni-pitannya-dvostoronnih-vidno-84749 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:21 View all videos n latest news Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:16 Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 On the Day of the Air Force, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed samples of weapons and military equipment of the Ukrainian defenders of the sky and talked to the warriors 6 August 2023 - 14:42 President on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Ukraine can fight and live because there are warriors who clear our skies of Russian evil 6 August 2023 - 14:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 6 August 2023 - 15:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 In the framework of the meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which took place on August 5-6 in Jeddah (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) at the level of national security and foreign policy advisors, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the heads of more than 30 delegations. In particular, on August 5, bilateral meetings were held with the heads of delegations from the United States, Saudi Arabia, Finland, Japan, Qatar, France, Germany, Spain, Norway, Türkiye, Poland, and Slovakia. During the meeting with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan, the parties discussed Ukraine's priority defense needs, in particular, the strengthening of Ukrainian air defense to protect the port infrastructure of the south of Ukraine. The interlocutors agreed on joint actions in the context of the implementation of the Peace Formula and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. They also exchanged views on the outcome of the NATO Summit in Vilnius and further steps towards Ukraine's integration into the Alliance. Andriy Yermak positively assessed the start of negotiations with the United States on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine. At the meeting with Secretary General and Chief of Cabinet of the President of Finland Hiski Haukkala, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine thanked for the support of the Republic of Finland for the Ukrainian Peace Formula and its willingness to join its practical implementation. The parties discussed security issues and current needs of Ukrainian defenders, as well as Finland's involvement in humanitarian demining. Andriy Yermak thanked Finland for joining the G7 Joint Declaration on security guarantees for Ukraine adopted in Vilnius and emphasized the importance of working together to conclude a relevant bilateral agreement. During the meeting with National Security Advisor of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Musaed bin Mohammed Al-Aiban, the Head of the Presidential Office thanked for supporting Ukraine in the context of Russia's armed aggression and for organizing the meeting in Jeddah. The interlocutors exchanged views on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the possibilities of involving the Kingdom in this process. Andriy Yermak noted that Saudi Arabia could make an effective contribution to the release of Ukrainian captives, the return of deported children and food security, including the extension of the grain deal. The parties also discussed the possibilities of expanding bilateral cooperation in the areas of common interest, as well as Saudi Arabia's involvement in promising projects in the investment, agricultural and energy sectors. At the meeting with Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain Emma Aparici, the parties discussed further security support for Ukraine from that country, as well as interaction with the Spanish Presidency of the Council of the EU. The Head of the Presidential Office thanked for Spain's accession to the Joint Declaration of the G7 on security guarantees for Ukraine and Madrid's readiness to join the implementation of the Peace Formula. During a meeting with Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan Shigeo Yamada, Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude for the strong support of Ukraine in the framework of Japan's G7 Presidency. The interlocutors discussed Japan's practical involvement in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the preparation of the Global Peace Summit. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine expressed hope that negotiations on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine would soon be launched as a follow-up to the G7 Joint Declaration adopted in Vilnius. At a meeting with Director General of the International Department of the Office of the Prime Minister of Norway Kjersti Andersen, Andriy Yermak thanked Norway for its significant assistance in countering Russian aggression, including the approval of a five-year program of humanitarian and security support for Ukraine. The parties discussed further steps towards the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The Head of the President's Office thanked for Norway's readiness to join the implementation of the item of the Formula on radiation and nuclear security. The joint meeting with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow, Foreign Policy Advisor to the Federal Chancellor of Germany Jens Plötner, Diplomatic Advisor to the President of France Emmanuel Bonn and National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan was devoted to further steps towards the preparation of the Global Peace Summit and practical involvement of these countries in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak expressed expectations that negotiations on a bilateral agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine will be launched in the near future as a follow-up to the G7 Joint Declaration on support for our country adopted in Vilnius on July 12. During the meeting with National Security Advisor to the Emir of Qatar Mohammed bin Ahmed Al Misnad, the parties exchanged views on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the possibility of involving as many countries as possible, including Qatar, in this process. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine noted that Qatar could make an effective contribution to the release of Ukrainian captives, the return of deported children and food security, including the extension of the grain deal. The parties also discussed the possibility of expanding bilateral cooperation, Qatar's participation in the post-war recovery of Ukraine, and further political dialogue. During the negotiations with Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the European Council Simon Mordue, Andriy Yermak noted the significant support for Ukraine from the EU and personally from President of the European Council Charles Michel in countering Russian armed aggression against our country. Particular attention was paid to Ukraine's progress on the path to EU membership and progress in implementing the seven recommendations of the European Commission, which will form the basis for the launch of accession negotiations. Ukraine's membership in the EU is an integral part of security guarantees for our country and a guarantee of lasting peace on the European continent. The Head of the Presidential Office called on the European partners to develop the next, 12th package of EU restrictive measures against Russia. During the meeting with Chief Foreign Policy and Security Advisor to the President of Türkiye Akif Kılıç, the key focus was on joint steps to ensure the functioning of the Black Sea Grain Initiative. Andriy Yermak thanked for Türkiye's readiness to take the lead in implementing the food security clause of the Peace Formula. The interlocutors also exchanged views on Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration and the importance of providing our country with security guarantees for the period before Ukraine becomes a member of the Alliance. During a meeting with Secretary of State - Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Presidential Chancellery of the Republic of Poland Marcin Przydacz, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to Polish partners for their comprehensive assistance and solidarity with Ukraine in countering Russian armed aggression. Andriy Yermak praised Poland's readiness to join the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. The interlocutors discussed in detail the issue of ensuring the export of Ukrainian grain by land to the EU countries in the context of the continued blockade of Ukrainian ports. The Head of the President's Office expressed hope that Ukraine's neighboring countries would refrain from imposing unilateral restrictive measures on the export of Ukrainian agricultural products after September 15. During the meeting with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzová, the parties discussed cooperation between the two countries in the context of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparation for the upcoming Global Peace Summit. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to the Slovak side for supporting Ukraine and strengthening our country's defense capabilities in countering Russian aggression. Particular attention was paid to the importance of unimpeded export of Ukrainian grain by land to the EU countries in the context of the blockade of Ukrainian ports. The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that Ukraine counts on a balanced and unified approach of the EU in the export of Ukrainian agricultural products. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine