3 captures 01 Apr 2023 - 04 Oct 2023 Mar APR May 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230401170947/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/diplomatichnij-format-vidnosin-iz-rf-mozhlivij-lishe-pislya-82013 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 View all videos n latest news No occupier, starting with the leadership of the Russian Federation, will escape liability – Andriy Yermak 1 April 2023 - 15:58 Exhibition of Russian war crimes opens in New York on Bucha liberation anniversary 1 April 2023 - 14:15 The main word today is justice, for our state and our people who suffered losses due to Russian aggression – address of President of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 22:55 Diplomatic relations with Russia are possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from Ukraine's territory, with the participation of partner states – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 March 2023 - 22:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Diplomatic relations with Russia are possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from Ukraine's territory, with the participation of partner states – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 March 2023 - 22:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said that the documentation of the outcome of the aggressive war launched by Russia against Ukraine should take place diplomatically, but only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and with the participation of partner countries. The Head of State stated this during a joint press conference with the leaders of Moldova, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Croatia following the Bucha Summit held in Kyiv. "There will be the documentation of the end of the war. But only at the big table, where decent states and a representative of the Russian Federation will sit. It is very hard for me to say who will be the representative of the Russian Federation at that time, who will first withdraw all troops from our territory without a fight. Then the diplomatic format begins. And if we force them all out till the end, then there is nothing to talk about with such people. Because we will lose people, there will be a lot of casualties. What then to talk with these people? They should be isolated, without shaking hands," the President said. Zelenskyy recalled that Ukraine had proposed a Peace Formula with an absolutely specific sequence of actions that would lead to the end of the war. "Because we want peace. And all we talk about when we get together is support for Ukraine. We do not support the war, we support victory, and this is the result of war. We support peace," he said. According to the Head of State, statements that Russia intends to deploy nuclear weapons on the territory of Belarus indicate unsuccessful negotiations with the leadership of China for the Russian Federation. "It was necessary to show some subjectness, which Russia has completely lost under the leadership of President Putin. Second, the President of Russia needs to show some political steps or victories. And he could not do it on the battlefield. They started this bloody war, but it is absolutely clear how it will end," Zelenskyy said. Asked about the dialogue with President of the People's Republic of China Xi Jinping, the President said that today, for the victory of our state it is important to involve as many countries as possible, in particular those that do not yet have a clear position on supporting Ukraine in the war. "Therefore, we send signals to such states and say that we are ready to meet, discuss, talk, and together defeat the aggression of the Russian Federation. We are waiting for answers from some states," Zelenskyy said. v Videos ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine