5 captures 06 Oct 2022 - 19 Jan 2026 Sep OCT Nov 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221006035606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-diplomatami-skandinavskih-krayin-s-78309 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The return of the flag of Ukraine to the de-occupied territories means that a peaceful and socially secure life becomes possible again - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 October 2022 - 22:52 View all videos n latest news The return of the flag of Ukraine to the de-occupied territories means that a peaceful and socially secure life becomes possible again - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 October 2022 - 22:49 Andriy Yermak discussed with the diplomats of the Scandinavian countries the situation at the front and strengthening the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine 5 October 2022 - 20:16 Ihor Zhovkva held phone consultations with the diplomatic advisors to the Prime Minister of Portugal and the Prime Minister of Spain 5 October 2022 - 18:32 Olena Zelenska met with Agata Kornhauser-Duda in Poland and spoke at the Warsaw Security Forum 5 October 2022 - 12:32 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to Poland 5 October 2022 - 12:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with the diplomats of the Scandinavian countries the situation at the front and strengthening the capabilities of the defense forces of Ukraine 5 October 2022 - 20:16 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps of the Scandinavian countries. The meeting was attended by ambassadors extraordinary and plenipotentiary: Finland - Jaakko Lehtovirta, Kingdom of Sweden - Tobias Thyberg, Kingdom of Norway - Erik Svedahl, Kingdom of Denmark - Ole Mikkelsen, as well as defense attaché of the Embassy of Sweden in Ukraine Björn Wilburn and defense attaché of the Embassy Denmark in Ukraine Felix Ebbestad. Andriy Yermak informed the attendees about Ukraine's success in resisting a full-scale Russian invasion. He emphasized: it is extremely important for our country that partners have comprehensive information about the events at the front, as the security situation in Ukraine depends on it. "It is important that you understand what is happening today, what our needs are and how we are moving towards our victory, our joint victory," said the Head of the Office of the President. Andriy Yermak thanked the diplomats, leaders, governments and people of their countries for actively helping Ukraine since the first days of the war and protecting our interests on the world stage and in international organizations. "We feel it and greatly appreciate it," he emphasized. The Head of the President's Office congratulated the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden on the decision to join NATO and the consolidation of forces that supported them. Andriy Yermak called on the representatives of these countries, as well as Denmark and Norway, to support Ukraine on the way to the Alliance. "We understand that this path is not easy, it is not one that can be completed very quickly. But this war completely changed the world - the way it was before February 24 and the way it became after the Russian invasion. Therefore, approaches and procedures must be changed. Of course, keeping the consensus, the unity of all members of the Alliance," said the Head of the President's Office. He stated: today, Ukraine, not having the status of a NATO member, has already destroyed 50% of the potential of the Russian aggressor with the support of its partners. "Today, we showed the whole world that Ukraine knows how to fight, knows how to win," added Andriy Yermak and expressed his belief that everyone who has an objective vision of events is sure of Ukraine's victory. Therefore, according to him, Ukraine's application to join NATO is a powerful signal, and our state's acquisition of membership will only strengthen the Alliance. "There are no longer any talks about Ukraine's potential neutrality or anything else. Our course is NATO membership. Our goal in this war is the complete restoration of our territorial integrity within the internationally recognized borders of Ukraine. Therefore, we are sure that our membership will only strengthen the Alliance," Andriy Yermak emphasized. At the same time, the Head of the Office of the President drew the interlocutors' attention to the fact that Ukraine will need security guarantees on the way to NATO membership. He called for support for the recommendations to the Kyiv Security Compact developed jointly with international experts and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, which contains a list of necessary guarantees. Andriy Yermak also offered the diplomats to support the final document of the NATO summit, dedicated to the latest events in Ukraine and illegal attempts to annex our territories, which is to be held in a video format shortly. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets and commander of the Kherson joint strategic group of forces Oleksandr Tarnavskyi told the representatives of Finland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark about the situation at the front. They also informed about the course of mobilization in the Russian Federation and attempts to annex the occupied territories of Ukraine by Russia. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine