9 captures 16 May 2024 - 19 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240516021955/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/globalnij-samit-miru-franciya-ta-pivdenna-koreya-pidtverdili-90909 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Over the Course of the Day, our Defense and Security Forces Have Managed to Partially Stabilize the Situation — Address by the President 15 May 2024 - 18:31 View all videos n latest news Georgia, Liechtenstein, and Malawi will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 15 May 2024 - 19:36 Housing for IDPs and Restoration of Affected Communities: The President Met with American Philanthropist Dell Loy Hansen 15 May 2024 - 19:16 Over the Course of the Day, our Defense and Security Forces Have Managed to Partially Stabilize the Situation — Address by the President 15 May 2024 - 18:29 Ukraine for Every Child: State Platform on Adoption and Family Care Has Been Launched 15 May 2024 - 15:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Global Peace Summit: France and South Korea Have Confirmed Their Participation 14 May 2024 - 16:53 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held telephone conversations with the President of France Emmanuel Macron and the President of the Republic of Korea Yoon Suk Yeol and invited them to the Global Peace Summit. Both countries have confirmed their participation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Emmanuel Macron for the important role of France in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, in particular, the nuclear safety point. They also discussed the engagement of the Global South representatives in the Summit. During the conversation, the leaders spoke in detail about the situation on the frontline, particularly in the Kharkiv direction, and the defense needs of our country: air defense enhancement, additional artillery systems, and shells. “I am grateful to all the French people and to you, Emmanuel, for supporting our country. We, Ukrainians, highly appreciate all the powerful defense aid from your side. And we will always welcome your visit to Ukraine,” the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Republic of Korea and the Korean people for their principled stance in supporting Ukraine and helping Ukrainians. During the conversation, the parties also discussed the development of cooperation between the countries, including in the field of humanitarian demining. They also spoke about the creation of a system of security commitments for Ukraine and the prospects for concluding a security agreement. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine