1 capture 03 Oct 2022 Sep OCT Nov 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221003223131/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2021&date-to=04-10-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine appreciates people, saves people – these are fundamental rules for our state – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 October 2022 - 23:47 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of the President's Office with Ukrainian servicemen in Türkiye 3 October 2022 - 18:54 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy discusses further support for Ukraine with Prime Minister of Japan 30 September 2022 - 18:45 Zelenskyy thanked Kishida for Japan's clear support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country. The importance of the Japanese Prime Minister's condemnation of Russia's nuclear blackmail during his speech at the opening of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly in New York was noted. We are taking our decisive step by signing Ukraine's application for accelerated accession to NATO - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 September 2022 - 17:02 De facto, we have already completed our path to NATO. Today, Ukraine is applying to make it de jure. Under a procedure consistent with our significance for the protection of our entire community. Under an accelerated procedure. President held a meeting of the National Security and Defense Council to discuss the issue of ensuring the collective security of Ukraine and the Euro-Atlantic space 30 September 2022 - 16:39 The members of the National Security and Defense Council discussed the issue of another attempt to annex the territory of Ukraine and the escalation of armed aggression by the Russian Federation. In addition, the NSDC considered the issue of ensuring the collective security of Ukraine and the Euro-Atlantic space. Security guarantees for Ukraine will ensure the stability of the whole of Europe - Andriy Yermak and Anders Fogh Rasmussen in an op-ed for The Wall Street Journal 30 September 2022 - 15:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and former Secretary General of NATO and ex-Prime Minister of Denmark Anders Fogh Rasmussen note that the conclusion of the Kyiv Security Compact will ensure stability for the whole of Europe and prevent the recurrence of war crimes. This is stated in their op-ed for The Wall Street Journal. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 30 September 2022 - 12:48 The participants listened to the reports of the military commanders of the operational areas about the current situation in the areas of the frontline, where the main efforts are concentrated, and considered the plan for the further liberation of Ukrainian lands from the occupiers. Separately, those present analyzed the likely actions of the enemy in the near future. Today, Babyn Yar is a reminder not only of previous, but also of today's crimes against humanity - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with representatives of Jewish human rights organizations 30 September 2022 - 10:40 On the 81st anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with representatives of Jewish human rights organizations. It is important that Switzerland supports Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the university community 30 September 2022 - 10:06 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that there can be no neutrality in the fight against evil. He is hopeful Switzerland will increase its support for Ukraine. The Head of State said this during a conversation with the university community and public figures of Switzerland. When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:06 Today we managed to release six more of our citizens from Russian captivity. I am thankful to everyone who ensures this work! Today we have new results on the frontline. Today we received additional elements of aid from partners. May the Force Be With U: American Actor, Mark Hamill, Becomes the Ambassador for the UNITED24 Fundraising Platform 29 September 2022 - 21:34 Mark Hamill, known for playing the iconic hero Luke Skywalker, has become an ambassador for the UNITED24 fundraising platform. He will support the Army of Drones project. Address by the President of Ukraine to the indigenous peoples of Russia: Fight to avoid death, defend your freedom in the streets and squares 29 September 2022 - 20:21 No one has to take part in a disgraceful war. Dagestanis do not have to die in Ukraine. Chechens, Ingush, Ossetians, Circassians and any other peoples who came under the Russian flag. I'm sure you want to live. I'm sure you're tired of being lied to. I’m sure you know that it is necessary to fight now! 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 151 152 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine