5 captures 22 Feb 2024 - 06 Sep 2025 Jan FEB Mar 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240222212142/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-12-2022&date-to=09-12-2023&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more insane statements we hear from Moscow, the greater our force must be – address by the President of Ukraine 22 February 2024 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President meets with heads of foreign diplomatic missions and international organizations 22 February 2024 - 17:13 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In Odesa, the President visited the regional center of social and psychological assistance for internally displaced citizens 29 November 2023 - 12:36 The Head of State observed the living conditions of internally displaced citizens from Kharkiv, Kherson, Donetsk, Luhansk and Dnipropetrovsk regions, as well as Ukrainians evacuated from the Gaza Strip. In Odesa region, the President of Ukraine met with the command of the Odesa operational and strategic grouping of troops, the Navy and the Air Command South 29 November 2023 - 12:12 During a working trip to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the military command in the region and presented state awards. We are preparing some serious long-range stuff to make sure the occupiers feel the might of Ukraine – address by the President of Ukraine 28 November 2023 - 20:28 I have just held a special, lengthy and detailed meeting of the Staff. First up – fortification. We are significantly enhancing our fortifications. There was also an important analysis of recent attacks against Ukraine – missiles, massive drone strikes. There were, of course, reports from commanders on all fronts. On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, negotiations with Italy on the conclusion of a bilateral agreement on security guarantees have begun 28 November 2023 - 10:23 The Ukrainian negotiating team was headed by Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva. Development of the Ukrainian defense industry is an important component of our victory - Andriy Yermak during a meeting with students and lecturers of Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute 28 November 2023 - 09:37 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with students and lecturers of the National Technical University of Ukraine "Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute". It is important for every community to do everything possible now to avoid casualties due to bad weather – address by the President of Ukraine 27 November 2023 - 22:14 Operational headquarters at both the national and regional levels will continue to work until the situation is normalized. I am grateful to everyone in the regional and local authorities who promptly joined in to help people and gives results. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the European Investment Bank 27 November 2023 - 21:19 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Investment Bank Werner Hoyer and EIB Vice-President Teresa Czerwińska, who arrived on a visit to Ukraine. President of Ukraine and the President of the European Commission coordinated positions in the run-up to the December meeting of the European Council 27 November 2023 - 20:04 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Olena Zelenska at the launch of the nationwide campaign "Take a Step. Sensitivity Overcomes Violence": Fighting a domestic aggressor is the same as fighting the one who attacked your country 27 November 2023 - 19:16 Ukraine House hosted a presentation of an interactive installation and a panel discussion on domestic violence during the war. No one in recent decades has caused greater harm to free navigation than Russia – address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 33rd Assembly of the International Maritime Organization 27 November 2023 - 18:26 Russia has no place in the International Maritime Organization, nor in its governing bodies. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 184 185 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine