10 captures 26 Jul 2024 - 17 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240726193815/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bude-zrobleno-vse-shob-posiliti-nashi-poziciyi-ta-nashu-zdat-92377 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Everything Will Be Done to Strengthen Our Positions and Our Ability to Inflict Tangible Losses on the Occupier – Address by the President 26 July 2024 - 20:53 View all videos n latest news Everything Will Be Done to Strengthen Our Positions and Our Ability to Inflict Tangible Losses on the Occupier – Address by the President 26 July 2024 - 20:50 Foreign Funds Have Started to Work Noticeably and Effectively in Defense Production, and This Is a Great Achievement for Us – President's Address 25 July 2024 - 20:18 Andriy Yermak: We Must Expand the Influence of Ukrainian Cultural Products Worldwide 25 July 2024 - 19:41 Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan Discussed Energy Infrastructure Restoration and Ukrainian Military Needs. 25 July 2024 - 10:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 18 July 2024 - 12:39 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Everything Will Be Done to Strengthen Our Positions and Our Ability to Inflict Tangible Losses on the Occupier – Address by the President 26 July 2024 - 20:50 I wish you good health, fellow Ukrainians! A few things for today. First – a meeting with the Minister of Defense. About the new defense packages for Ukraine – something we are preparing with our partners. It is important that our warriors receive exactly what they need under these conditions of very intense battles and pressure from the Russian army. In particular, together with the Minister and the military command, we are carefully analyzing the situation in the difficult areas; primarily it is the Pokrovsk direction in the Donetsk region. This is the direction that has been and remains the main focus of Russian attacks. There have been two reports today from Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. Everything must be done and will be done to strengthen our positions, our Ukrainian ability to inflict tangible losses on the occupier. Second for today. I want to especially acknowledge our warriors who strike at Russian bases and logistics in the occupied territory. The invader must feel that this is Ukrainian land. And each destroyed Russian airbase, each destroyed Russian military aircraft – whether on the ground or in the air – means saving Ukrainian lives. Guys, our warriors, I thank you for your precision! Third – I have signed several decrees on presenting state awards to our defenders. From the Armed Forces of Ukraine, from the National Guard of Ukraine, the State Border Guard Service. And now I want to mention the units and warriors who have proved themselves in these very weeks, especially in the battles for our state, for our independence. These are the 4th and the 14th operational brigades of the National Guard, the 18th Slovyansk brigade of the National Guard. And also, the warriors of the 1st detachment of the Omega Special Forces Center, who always strengthen our defense in the most difficult areas. Individually: Senior Soldier Andriy Dykun, Junior Sergeants Roman Ilchuk and Oleksandr Sakhnenko, Sergeant Anton Chaika, Chief Sergeant of the Special Purpose Platoon Volodymyr Romaniuk, Lieutenant Ruslan Minchenko. I thank you, warriors! I would also like to mention our border guards. Kharkiv Border Guard Detachment, Sumy, Chernihiv and Luhansk Border Guard Detachments. Units of the Maritime Guard and the Southern Regional Directorate. Kherson Border Guard Detachment. Master Sergeant Stanislav Nalesnikov, Sergeant Vadym Savinov, Senior Sergeant Serhiy Shcherbinа and Chief Sergeant Oleksandr Kasian. Junior Sergeants Kostiantyn Hnatyshyn and Denys Yevstratov, Senior Soldier Mykhailo Urdynets, and Chief Sergeant Kyrylo Ovdienko. Thank you, guys, your brothers-in-arms and all those who defend Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine