8 captures 12 May 2023 - 29 Jul 2025 Apr MAY Jun 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230512052832/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-bazi-vps-niderlandiv-volodimir-zelenskij-zustrivsya-z-ukr-82685 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, I approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming our law enforcement system – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2023 - 22:44 View all videos n latest news Today, I approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming our law enforcement system – address by the President of Ukraine 11 May 2023 - 22:41 Olena Zelenska: Gender equality should be not only about duties and responsibilities, but also about opportunities 11 May 2023 - 18:45 Security briefing for the Brazilian delegation headed by the Chief Advisor to the President of Brazil was held at the Presidential Office 11 May 2023 - 16:04 It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 May 2023 - 22:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 9 May 2023 - 14:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events At the Dutch Air Force base, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Ukrainian military and observed the samples of weapons being transferred to Ukraine 4 May 2023 - 20:57 As part of his official visit to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Dutch Royal Air Force base. The Head of State met with the servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine undergoing training in the Netherlands, cadets of the Military Institute of the Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, as well as with wounded soldiers undergoing rehabilitation in medical institutions. "Here and now, we see what help is and what life protection is. This is the most honorable mission - to do everything for life to prevail," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Addressing Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte and Minister of Defense of the Netherlands Kajsa Ollongren, the President thanked them and everyone in the Netherlands who helps Ukraine. According to the Head of State, the weapons from this base, which help Ukrainian defenders, will protect the normal, free life of Ukrainians and all Europeans based on respect. "All this brings victory closer, our common victory. We will defeat the Russian evil and protect our freedom, our common European way of life," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. For her part, Kajsa Ollongren noted that this base is one of the locations where the Netherlands prepares military equipment and weapons for Ukraine. "The dedication of your soldiers is truly inspiring. They are fighting for a free Ukraine. For Ukraine they can pass on to their children. And the stakes are high for Ukraine, for all of us here in the Netherlands, and for all who share the values of democracy, international law and territorial integrity," she said. The Minister of Defense said that the Netherlands has prepared a mobile forensic laboratory for the International Criminal Court in Ukraine. This is very important for bringing those responsible for crimes to justice. She emphasized that the Netherlands will continue to help the Ukrainian people in their efforts to repel Russian aggression. "We will continue to make a significant contribution to strengthening Ukraine's military capabilities. Now and in the future, for as long as it takes," said Kajsa Ollongren. Together with the Prime Minister and the Minister of Defense of the Netherlands, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed the samples of military equipment being transferred to Ukraine. The President spoke with instructors who conduct training for Ukrainian servicemen, particularly on the use of modern Western weapons systems. The Head of State also spoke with Ukrainian defenders who are undergoing rehabilitation after combat wounds. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Ukraine is proud of its warriors. "I thank you for your service and wish us all victory," he said. In addition, the President spoke with forensic experts who are collecting evidence of Russian crimes on the territory of Ukraine. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of the Netherlands 4 May 2023 - 12:38 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine