6 captures 25 Oct 2023 - 08 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 25 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231025182130/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-sibiga-obgovoriv-iz-delegaciyeyu-mzs-shvejcariyi-impl-86585 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:48 View all videos n latest news Every Russian strike is an argument that pressure on the terrorist state is insufficient – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2023 - 19:46 Andriy Sybiha discusses implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with delegation from Switzerland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs 25 October 2023 - 19:37 Yulia Sokolovska spoke at the Human Capital UA forum about efforts to preserve, develop human capital in Ukraine 25 October 2023 - 18:45 Olena Zelenska about the launch of Ukrainian-language audio guides: Ukrainian sounds as the language of culture, historical memory, and the struggle for the future 25 October 2023 - 12:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kherson and Mykolaiv regions 20 October 2023 - 13:37 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Sybiha discusses implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula with delegation from Switzerland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs 25 October 2023 - 19:37 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Sybiha held a meeting with a delegation from the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of Switzerland and Chargé d'Affaires a.i. of Switzerland in Ukraine Peter Hafner. During the meeting, particular attention was given to the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the cooperation with Switzerland in its practical implementation. Andriy Sybiha expressed gratitude to Switzerland for its support of Ukraine from the very beginning of the Russian invasion. He highly appreciated Swiss assistance in areas such as addressing the humanitarian consequences of the war, demining, and recovery. The deputy head of the Office of the President of Ukraine spoke about Ukraine's expectations for the third meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula at the level of national security and foreign policy advisors, scheduled to take place in Malta in the coming days. Andriy Sybiha also discussed with the Swiss delegation ways to involve Switzerland's expertise and support in the work conducted at various levels within the framework of the Peace Formula implementation, including the activities of working groups at the ambassadorial level in Kyiv and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine