9 captures 15 May 2024 - 14 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 15 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240515233708/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gruziya-lihtenshtejn-ta-malavi-vizmut-uchast-u-globalnomu-sa-90937 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Over the Course of the Day, our Defense and Security Forces Have Managed to Partially Stabilize the Situation — Address by the President 15 May 2024 - 18:31 View all videos n latest news Georgia, Liechtenstein, and Malawi will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 15 May 2024 - 19:36 Housing for IDPs and Restoration of Affected Communities: The President Met with American Philanthropist Dell Loy Hansen 15 May 2024 - 19:16 Over the Course of the Day, our Defense and Security Forces Have Managed to Partially Stabilize the Situation — Address by the President 15 May 2024 - 18:29 Ukraine for Every Child: State Platform on Adoption and Family Care Has Been Launched 15 May 2024 - 15:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Serbia 13 May 2024 - 13:12 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Georgia, Liechtenstein, and Malawi will Participate in the Global Peace Summit 15 May 2024 - 19:36 The President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held telephone conversations with the President of Georgia Salome Zourabichvili, the President of Malawi Lazarus Chakwera, and the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein Daniel Risch, he also thanked them for confirming their participation in the Global Peace Summit. “Only a just peace in Ukraine will bring security and stability to our common region,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized during a conversation with the President of Georgia. The Head of State thanked Liechtenstein, which currently holds the Presidency of the Council of Europe, for supporting the establishment of the Register of Damage, the Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression, and all EU sanctions packages. “We must continue this work and jointly find a solution on how to use frozen Russian assets for the benefit of Ukraine,” the President noted. The leaders of Ukraine and Malawi discussed bilateral relations and instructed the teams to prepare proposals for the expansion of cooperation. “We have prospective areas: digitization and IT, education, food. Ukraine is ready to be a food security guarantor for Malawi and other African countries,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine