13 captures 19 Oct 2022 - 11 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221019205231/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikami-posolstv-franciyi-f-78565 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter what the enemy plans and does, Ukraine will defend itself - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2022 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news Kyrylo Tymoshenko calls on the Netherlands to help Ukraine overcome aftermath of Russian strikes on critical infrastructure facilities 19 October 2022 - 21:21 Head of President's Office Andriy Yermak meets with European Commissioner Janez Lenarčič 19 October 2022 - 20:48 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Foreign Minister of Greece 19 October 2022 - 19:28 Andriy Yermak discusses strengthening Ukraine's air defense with representatives of embassies of France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain 19 October 2022 - 18:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discusses strengthening Ukraine's air defense with representatives of embassies of France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain 19 October 2022 - 18:01 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak has called on France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain, which are among the leaders in providing Ukraine with weapons and military equipment, to step up actions to strengthen our country's air defense. He said this at a briefing for representatives of the diplomatic corps of these countries in the Office of the President. Yermak said that every day in Kyiv and other cities of Ukraine, air-raid sirens sound for hours. Russia is carrying out insidious mass attacks on critical infrastructure of Ukraine and the civilian population with the help of missile weapons and kamikaze drones. "Certainly, given what has been happening in recent days, one of our main priorities is to create protection for our cities, civil infrastructure and create an air shield for Ukraine. And I am very glad that today it is no longer a matter for discussion, but only a matter of time. And this should be done as soon as possible," the head of the President's Office said. Yermak also repeatedly emphasized that for actions during the war against Ukraine, the Russian Federation must be designated as a state sponsor of terrorism with implications. He expressed hope that the countries represented at the meeting will support the adoption of the PACE resolution, in which the Russian Federation will be called a terrorist regime, at a sitting of the European Parliament on November 21-24. According to him, Ukraine knows exactly how to win the war. "Today, Ukraine – with your help and support, for which we are very grateful – but still single-handedly destroyed almost 50% of the potential of NATO's main threat. And that is why I am convinced that Ukraine's membership in NATO will strengthen the Alliance," the head of the President's Office said. In addition, Yermak reminded that the International Working Group on Security Guarantees for Ukraine, co-chaired by the head of the Office of the President and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine, which could become the basis of a document called the "Kyiv Security Compact." This document was sent to the leadership of Ukraine's partner states, and the Ukrainian side is waiting for their reaction and comments on the proposals. "We continue consultations with our partners and believe that the steps to create a special air defense can be the first in the implementation of the program of security guarantees for our country," the head of the President's Office said. The commander of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Lieutenant General Mykola Oleschuk, briefed the Western European diplomats on the air attacks that Ukraine suffered in October and the countermeasures by the Ukrainian military using the available forces and means. Oleschuk and Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets told the participants of the briefing about the needs of the Ukrainian army for even better air and missile defense for the Ukrainian sky. Diplomatic representatives noted the importance of the provided information and asked clarifying questions in order to provide relevant information to the leadership of their states. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine