18 captures 19 Jun 2023 - 09 Feb 2026 May JUN Jul 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230629003219/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/nashi-vijskovi-ruhayutsya-krok-za-krokom-idemo-vpered-zverne-83669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia and its accomplices must feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - address by the President of Ukraine 28 June 2023 - 22:53 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy proposed the main directions of transformation that Ukraine should implement in a decade 29 June 2023 - 00:26 As a full member of NATO, Ukraine will guarantee that peace and freedom will prevail in our region – Head of State, presenting the guidelines of the Ukrainian Doctrine 28 June 2023 - 23:41 Russia and its accomplices must feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - address by the President of Ukraine 28 June 2023 - 22:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The Ukrainian Formula provides for fair peace, therefore it has universal benefit for the world 28 June 2023 - 22:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania in Kyiv 28 June 2023 - 17:13 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Our troops are advancing, step by step we are moving forward - address by the President of Ukraine 18 June 2023 - 22:31 I wish you health, dear Ukrainians! This week is coming to an end - a very important week for all of us, for our defense, for our steps forward, for our offensive actions. And it is time to thank all our warriors. Those who have distinguished themselves this week. The Tavria direction is the toughest. Marines of the 35th separate brigade - thank you! Paratroopers of the “Seventy-ninth” - thank you! The 130th separate reconnaissance separate battalion - thank you! The 68th separate hunting brigade - thank you! The 23rd separate mechanized brigade - thank you! Artillerymen of the 44th brigade - thank you! I would like to especially mention the company of attack drones of the 47th separate mechanized brigade led by Chief Sergeant Rustam Mustafayev. Thank you for the result, warriors! The crew of the armored demining vehicle of the 70th separate support regiment - Senior Sergeant Mykola Nikandrov and Junior Sergeant Roman Lisin. Well done, guys! Our National Guard - thank you all! And I would like to particularly mention Senior Sergeant Vasyl Kovylin and Platoon Commander Denys Zeleny, the 4th operational battalion, the 1st presidential brigade of the National Guard. Thank you! The guys are performing tasks in Luhansk region - near Bilohorivka. Our border guards... I would like to mention the Lutsk and Lviv border guard detachments in particular. Senior Soldier Vasyl Kutsyk, Avdiivka direction, is very effective in repelling attacks. Thank you! Sergeant Vadym Druzhyna, Siversk direction, successfully "subtracts" enemy soldiers and equipment. Thank you! And of course, our defenders of the sky. Over a week, more than a hundred group air strikes on enemy positions and rear. Thank you, our pilots! Almost three dozen missiles and about fifty attack drones were destroyed in seven days. And I would like to celebrate the defenders of the Kyiv region's sky, the 96th Kyiv air defense missile brigade of the Air Force... Thank you! All "Kalibrs" and "Kinzhals" were destroyed during these attacks, and thus the lives of our people were saved. And by the way, I want to say a few things. First of all, no matter who in Russia says that our Patriots have been destroyed, they are still here, they are working, all of them are shooting down Russian missiles. As efficiently as possible. Not a single Patriot has been destroyed! Secondly, you all saw how the visit of the delegation of African leaders and representatives went - a visit to Ukraine, and then a visit to the terrorist state. The delegation had the opportunity to see who is really interested in peace and who himself embodies war, it was very clear. Everything that was discussed in Ukraine was about the Peace Formula. Point by point. The whole content. Everything that was said in Russia was about war, about how to continue destroying lives. It is obvious that there is no alternative to the Peace Formula. It is good that the world hears and sees this more and more. Third, as for the terrorist state. Their only concern now should be how to prepare their society, Russian society, to the fact that they will lose everything they are destroying the future of their state for. Russia will lose the occupied territories. There is no and will be no alternative to our steps for de-occupation. Our troops are advancing, position by position, step by step, we are moving forward This week, we had Ramstein, and the main thing is the speed of supply. Next week, we will have new important communications with our partners, for the sake of our movement, for the sake of weapons, for the sake of our warriors having everything they need. I am grateful to everyone who is now in combat, in positions and at combat posts! I thank everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine