1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025521/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=59 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in London 8 February 2023 - 14:35 The Head of State expressed gratitude to the British people and personally to Rishi Sunak for providing comprehensive support to Ukraine in countering Russian aggression. President met with Federal Minister of Defense of Germany 7 February 2023 - 19:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the newly appointed Federal Minister of Defense of Germany Boris Pistorius, who is on a visit to Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of Türkiye 7 February 2023 - 17:22 The Ukrainian leader told his Turkish counterpart that he had made a decision to provide humanitarian aid to the Republic of Türkiye to help overcome the aftermath of the emergency situation in the country caused by the earthquakes. On the submission by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Vasyl Malyuk Head of the Security Service of Ukraine 7 February 2023 - 15:43 Presenting the submission for the appointment of Vasyl Malyuk at the plenary session of the Parliament, the Head of State emphasized that such appointments were in line with the essence and objectives of the current period of war with Russia. A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 February 2023 - 16:31 Special attention was paid to the positions of the defense forces in the Bakhmut direction and their provision with necessary munitions. President of Ukraine meets with Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of National Defence of Poland 3 February 2023 - 20:51 The head of state thanked the head of the Polish Ministry of Defence for comprehensive support from Poland in countering Russian aggression and the solidarity of the Polish people with Ukrainians. Russia must not be able to revive defense production – President 3 February 2023 - 19:20 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes the importance of increasing sanctions pressure on the Russian Federation so that the aggressor state does not have the opportunity to revive its defense production in full. Ukraine preparing for possible Russian offensive, we need more weapons, in particular long-range weapons – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2023 - 18:50 Our goal is to start negotiations on joining EU already this year – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the Ukraine-EU summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 18:25 During the 24th Ukraine-European Union summit held in Kyiv, our country confirmed its determination to start negotiations on joining the EU as soon as possible and is awaiting relevant decisions from the European Commission and the European Council. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Joint statement following the 24th EU-Ukraine Summit 3 February 2023 - 17:39 Charles Michel, President of the European Council, Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, and Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine, met in Kyiv today for the 24th EU-Ukraine Summit and issued the following statement. 1 2 ... 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine