6 captures 12 Dec 2023 - 06 Oct 2025 Nov DEC Jan 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud Outlinks A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231212063144/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/implementaciya-ukrayinskoyi-formuli-miru-stane-fundamentom-y-87477 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Freedom must always prevail when challenged – speech by the President of Ukraine at the National Defense University of the United States 11 December 2023 - 22:33 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with executives of U.S. defense companies 12 December 2023 - 01:44 President had a meeting with the President of the World Bank in Washington 12 December 2023 - 00:23 President of Ukraine met with the IMF Managing Director in Washington 11 December 2023 - 23:06 Freedom must always prevail when challenged – speech by the President of Ukraine at the National Defense University of the United States 11 December 2023 - 22:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 11 December 2023 - 20:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will become a foundation that will enable us to stop tyranny in the world in the future – Andriy Yermak during his speech at the United States Institute of Peace 5 December 2023 - 21:36 As part of the visit to the United States together with Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Ruslan Stefanchuk and Minister of Defense Rustem Umerov, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak spoke at the United States Institute of Peace . He thanked all partners who support Ukraine in the war against the Russian aggressor. “Ukraine has been fighting for its freedom for 649 days. We have broken the plans of the Russian blitzkrieg. We have stood firm. Ukrainians are immensely grateful to everyone who has helped us remain a sovereign and independent nation,” the Head of the President’s Office said. Andriy Yermak emphasized that today Russia is stirring up conflicts in different countries and provoking new global crises. Therefore, this must be prevented. “We need to treat the disease, not its symptoms. Negotiations with terrorists always end in only fragile ceasefires. The key to peace lies in depriving their puppet masters of power,” the Head of the President’s Office noted. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the Peace Formula presented by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the G20 Summit in Bali offers a comprehensive response to the security challenges facing humanity. “It restores justice to the world. It's a Ukrainian formula, but the peace plan built on it has co-authors from around the world. We are turning goodwill into good action,” he said. The Head of the President's Office noted that the number of participants in the meetings of diplomatic representatives to discuss the mechanisms of the Peace Formula implementation is constantly increasing, and 86 diplomats joined the latest such meeting. Andriy Yermak emphasized that the mechanisms of implementation of the Formula are being finalized at the meetings of national security and foreign policy advisers. “With each meeting, we grow stronger. We get closer to the Global Peace Summit – a gathering of world leaders committed to achieving a just, sustainable, and comprehensive peace as quickly as possible. And we believe that this summit will take place very soon,” he said. The Head of the President's Office emphasized that Ukraine seeks to fix the system of international relations and make it work on the basis of the rule of law. “The Peace Formula has already become an international ecosystem. Now it is an integrated structure. And its elements are closely interconnected. It is a framework onto which executive mechanisms are mounted. A just, comprehensive, and lasting peace is only possible as a result of collective will and collective efforts. Responsible states that respect international law should stay united and committed to save the world. The prevention of war can only be achieved through reliable multilateral security guarantees for Ukraine,” Andriy Yermak emphasized. He noted that the implementation of the Peace Formula will become the foundation that will enable us to stop tyranny in the future. The United States Institute of Peace (USIP) is an independent, non-partisan state-funded analytical center that studies the prevention and resolution of international conflicts. The institute is solely funded by appropriations from the U.S. Congress. Analysts from the institute often act as intermediaries in conflict zones. Speech by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak at the U.S. Institute of Peace - pdf - 111.50 kb ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine