15 captures 22 Feb 2024 - 10 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 22 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240222015324/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/doruchiv-nashomu-uryadu-do-24-lyutogo-buti-na-kordoni-mizh-n-89141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Defense of the sky and our frontline positions from Russian air and missile strikes is one of the key tasks this year – address by the President of Ukraine 21 February 2024 - 20:07 View all videos n latest news Defense of the sky and our frontline positions from Russian air and missile strikes is one of the key tasks this year – address by the President of Ukraine 21 February 2024 - 20:04 Poleciłem naszemu Rządowi, aby do 24 lutego pozostawać na granicy między naszymi państwami. Ukraina dąży do wspólnego i sprawiedliwego rozwiązania sytuacji na granicy – ​​przemówienie Prezydenta Wołodymyra Zełenskiego 21 February 2024 - 16:43 I have instructed our government to come to the border between our countries by February 24; Ukraine seeks to resolve the situation on the border jointly and fairly – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 February 2024 - 16:34 The influence of first ladies and gentlemen on the soft power index of states: Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation of the study for the global platform of the First Ladies and Gentlemen Summit 21 February 2024 - 10:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 19 February 2024 - 13:41 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches I have instructed our government to come to the border between our countries by February 24; Ukraine seeks to resolve the situation on the border jointly and fairly – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 February 2024 - 16:34 Dear Ukrainians! And all of Ukraine's partners in our Europe, especially in Poland. Now I would like to address everyone who remembers the full meaning of the word ‘solidarity.’ The word that changed the history of our entire Europe for the better so dramatically. This was the case. And in many ways it still is. However, we are now witnessing an excessive and unfair politicization that threatens to waste common achievements. In the same way as the Ukrainian grain that, unfortunately, the world saw flagrantly dumped from trucks and railroad cars on Polish roads. This is the grain that our farmers and peasants cultivate with great difficulty, despite all the hardships of ruthless Russian aggression. Despite the shelling. Often in fields that had to be cleared of mines. Despite the threat of elevators and businesses being burnt by missile and drone strikes. The cost of Ukrainian grain is special to us. Just like that of any other product generated by our economy at this time. As it is a wartime economy. These are the enterprises whose functioning enables Ukraine to provide for the frontline and preserve our independence – our freedom, and thus your freedom. Ukraine will always remember Poland's choice made on February 24 in response to the Russian invasion. It was a choice in favor of joint strength. In favor of winning the battles on the Dnipro together so that we would not have to look for ways to perform a new miracle on the Vistula. Millions of Poles have been and remain with us – in heart and in deed. And I am grateful to all of them. I am grateful to everyone who does not remain silent now and who calls for a fair solution for the sake of our common interests. I think everyone will understand that Ukraine cannot accept what is happening on the border between our countries. And even more so the appearance of outright pro-Putin slogans there. This is wrong. This is anti-solidarity. And, in particular, in yesterday's case with our grain dumped from the railroad car, this was also simply dishonest. Because not a single gram of that grain was heading to Poland for sale, it was not intended for the Polish market. Currently, there is not a single approval for the export of grain from Ukraine to Poland. Although this is obviously unprofitable for Ukrainian producers, we are sticking to it because relations with Poland are an absolute priority for our national security. Our partnership – between Ukraine and Poland – is about safeguarding national security, both ours and yours. And this agricultural trade story has been dragging on for many months already. A lot has happened over this time. However, it's evident to all that politics significantly outweigh economics in this situation. And it is only Moscow that is rejoicing now. When our Ukrainian drivers are blocked on Polish roads, it means that politicians should intensify a real dialogue. At all levels. And ensure the result. Ukraine appreciates relations with Poland – all aspects of our relations. People-to-people contacts. Defense and political cooperation, which always makes our nations stronger. Cooperation in Europe. And, of course, we value our economic relations, our cooperation in trade. And we want to preserve all this. Ukraine seeks to resolve the situation on the border jointly and fairly, in a completely pragmatic manner. I would like to address Polish society and express Ukraine's gratitude to all those who distinguish between political manipulations and fundamental issues of national security. I would like to address the Polish government – Mr. Prime Minister Tusk and the ministers. I have instructed our government to come to the border between our countries in the near future, by February 24. The Prime Minister of Ukraine, our entire government, from logistics to the agricultural sector, and, of course, the Minister of Defense of Ukraine, as this blockade on the border, unfortunately, increases the threat to the weapons supply to our guys at the front. And I urge you, Donald, Mr. Prime Minister, to come to the border as well. And Andrzej, Mr. President, I urge you to support this dialogue. This is national security. We must not delay this. The next few days give us a chance to do so. I am also ready to come to the border with our government. And I want to address the European Commission now: we must preserve unity in Europe. This is the EU's fundamental interest. That is why Ukraine urges the European Commission to have its representative involved in this meeting – for the sake of common interests and an end to political manipulation. We have had enough of Moscow's presence in our lands. We have had enough of misunderstandings. We should not humiliate each other, we should not humiliate either Ukrainian or Polish farmers. We need unity. We need solutions – between us, Ukraine and Poland, and at the level of the whole of Europe. We can do everything to turn this disagreeable page and make the next chapter of our relations one of cooperation and mutual strength again. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine