8 captures 28 Apr 2022 - 06 Sep 2025 Apr MAY Jun 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220507014734/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-prezentuvav-poslam-inozemnih-derzhav-plan-dij-74613 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine is defending itself against the onslaught of tyranny, and this struggle for freedom is comprehensible in every corner of the globe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 May 2022 - 23:38 View all videos n latest news Ukraine is defending itself against the onslaught of tyranny, and this struggle for freedom is comprehensible in every corner of the globe - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 May 2022 - 23:35 Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Althing, the Parliament of Iceland 6 May 2022 - 20:48 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at Chatham House 6 May 2022 - 20:08 Defending Ukraine, the leaders of each state defend their country from war as well - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 May 2022 - 19:39 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the ceremony of awarding state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen defenders 6 May 2022 - 13:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak presents Yermak-McFaul group's action plan on sanctions against Russia to ambassadors of foreign states 27 April 2022 - 16:33 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held an online meeting with the heads of diplomatic missions of foreign states in Ukraine, dedicated to the issue of continuing a balanced, coordinated, tough and effective sanctions policy against the Russian Federation. He said that Ukraine has withstood the first, most acute phase of the Russian invasion. But to win, our state needs both the strengthening of the capabilities of the Armed Forces, first of all – weapons, and an extremely effective sanctions policy on the part of partners. "We are not so naive as to expect that economic pressure on the aggressor country will lead to a speedy end to hostilities. However, this second front – the front of international sanctions – will significantly limit Russia's aggression. Usually, the best pacifier was economic hardship," the head of the President's Office said. Yermak presented to the ambassadors the Action Plan on Strengthening Sanctions against the Russian Federation, developed by the Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group established by the Head of the President's Office and Ambassador Michael McFaul following the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelensky. According to Yermak, the plan is aimed at depriving Russia of the finances, production capabilities and technologies used for the war, forcing Russia to focus on overcoming its internal problems and forcing Russian citizens to pay for supporting aggression. "Coordinated, comprehensive and effective actions of a wide range are needed. We must force sanctions to work without failures and imitations against entire sectors of the Russian economy," he said. First of all, it is a question of a full oil and gas embargo, the need to introduce a scheme that will deprive Russia of access to funds for oil and gas exports. Yermak singled out comprehensive sanctions against financial institutions in Russia and Belarus, Russia's inclusion in the FATF blacklist and the list of terrorist sponsors among other points of the plan. Restrictions should also affect export-import and insurance operations and include transport measures such as the complete closure of maritime services. The head of the Office of the President also stressed the importance of increasing transparency and deepening coordination between the countries participating in the sanctions. Particular attention should be paid to the introduction of secondary sanctions mechanisms, which should be aimed at intermediaries who provide services in circumvention schemes. "I think that weapons and sanctions policy are the most important tools from your states to support Ukraine and the whole free democratic world, which our country is defending today, to end this war," Andriy Yermak said. For his part, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba called on states that stand side by side with Ukraine to make it a rule that there are no taboos on sanctions until Russia is stopped. The foreign minister also invited the partner countries to adopt the Yermak-McFaul Plan as a roadmap for what sanctions should be applied against Russia. He also drew attention to the importance of encouraging the business of these countries to leave the Russian Federation as soon as possible. "Ukraine and Ukrainians are now acting decisively and sacrificing themselves for the victory in this war. We thank you for standing by us, and we ask you to do everything possible to end this war as soon as possible," Kuleba said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine