2 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 17 Jul 2025 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213122902/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=176 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In Washington, the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with advisors to the leaders of the United States, Great Britain, Germany and France 14 November 2023 - 11:00 Greeting the interlocutors, Andriy Yermak recalled their meeting in the same format, which took place almost two years ago, before Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine. At the time, it was not certain that they would be able to gather in this format again. Democracies all over the world have proven their ability to unite and face tyranny – speech by the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine at the Hudson Institute entitled "The Decisive Moment for Ukraine" 14 November 2023 - 10:00 Together, we have created a new geopolitical reality. Ukraine’s resilience in defending freedom and the value-driven choices of our allies under the United States leadership have caused tectonic shifts. Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major U.S. Jewish organizations 14 November 2023 - 08:31 During a working visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister – Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with leaders of major American Jewish organizations. It is a matter of principle for Ukraine to implement all seven recommendations of the European Commission and fulfill everything that is required at this point of our path to the EU – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 November 2023 - 20:34 The success of our country and people – economic, social, and success in building Ukraine's relations with the world – can only be achieved as a common success of the whole of Europe. Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington, DC 13 November 2023 - 19:59 Andriy Yermak also informed the Secretary of State about the priority needs of the Ukrainian defense forces. The importance of providing our country with air defense equipment was emphasized. Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting on the implementation of the School Meals Reform Strategy: We strive not just to change the school menu, but to raise a healthy generation 13 November 2023 - 18:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in a meeting on the implementation of the School Meals Reform Strategy approved by the Cabinet of Ministers in late October. The event was held in Kyiv under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leader of the Crimean Tatar people Mustafa Dzhemilev and awarded him the title of Hero of Ukraine 13 November 2023 - 16:00 The Head of State congratulated Mustafa Dzhemilev on the anniversary and thanked him for upholding the interests of our state and his struggle for the rights of Crimean Tatars. Helping Ukraine today is not only about saving the Ukrainian nation, it is about protecting the entire free world - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities in Washington 13 November 2023 - 09:11 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak arrived on a working visit to the United States and met with representatives of the Ukrainian and Crimean Tatar communities at the Ukrainian House in Washington. Russia is preparing for winter, and Ukraine should focus on defense and response to terrorists – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 November 2023 - 20:44 We are capable of overcoming the most difficult challenges. But only together, in unity, when we take care of each other and when millions of people help their defenders and their country. On the occasion of the first anniversary of the de-occupation of Kherson, the President awarded Ukrainians who liberated the city, rescued people and helped resist the invaders 11 November 2023 - 23:47 The President presented state awards to ten doctors, employees of local government authorities, the city military administration, employees of public utilities, and volunteers who demonstrated steadfastness in the face of the occupiers and contributed to the liberation of Kherson. 1 2 ... 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine