11 captures 28 Jul 2022 - 10 Aug 2025 Jun JUL Aug 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220728194651/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pasport-gromadyanina-ukrayini-simvolizuye-silu-prezident-vru-76737 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All stages of the history of Ukrainian statehood can be described in one sentence: we existed, exist and will exist - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the occasion of Ukrainian Statehood Day 28 July 2022 - 10:42 View all videos n latest news On the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, the President awarded the "Cross of Combat Merit" to the defenders of Ukraine 28 July 2022 - 22:10 Sanctions against Russia are effective, but even tougher steps are needed in this direction - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 July 2022 - 20:17 The passport of a citizen of Ukraine symbolizes strength - President handed out the first passports to young Ukrainians 28 July 2022 - 19:19 President had a meeting with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 18:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The passport of a citizen of Ukraine symbolizes strength - President handed out the first passports to young Ukrainians 28 July 2022 - 19:19 On the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, which Ukraine celebrates today for the first time, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy handed out the first passports to citizens of Ukraine who turned 14 years old. The ceremony took place in the Mariyinsky Palace. Among its participants are children of servicemen who defend the state, children of heroes who gave their lives in battles for Ukraine, and young citizens who were forced to leave their homes due to Russian aggression. As the Head of State noted, he is particularly pleased to hand over Ukrainian passports to teenagers in the presence of one of our country's greatest European friends - President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, who visited Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood. "This passport - the passport of a citizen of Ukraine, which you are receiving today - symbolizes strength. It is known and respected in all countries of the world, even where they do not have the freedom to talk about it openly," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized during the presentation of the documents. The President reminded that Ukraine experienced different periods in its more than thousand-year history - ups and downs, victories and losses, heroism and peace. "But there was no period when we lost our national strength - our Ukrainian love for freedom, our special sense of independence and our firmness - all that is fully manifested right now, when we are fighting for the future for Ukraine, for the future for all of you," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that young Ukrainians will be able to feel respect for themselves and their passports many times more, and called on them to do everything to increase that respect. "I am sure you will be able to feel this respect. And please do everything to ensure that Ukraine's strength and respect for Ukraine only increase," the Head of State summed up and wished all the children success. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine