30 captures 04 Aug 2022 - 14 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220804073839/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/plan-shvidkogo-vidnovlennya-ukrayini-peredbachatime-operativ-76433 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news The fragility of freedom can be protected only by joint actions, there must be an effective architecture of global security - address by the President of Ukraine 3 August 2022 - 22:43 Ukraine is grateful to Estonia for real support - President at a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 3 August 2022 - 19:28 The Ministry of Internal Affairs and UNFPA, with the support of the First Lady, launched a mobile application for calling the police in cases of domestic violence 3 August 2022 - 18:36 Ukrainians today are motivated by every victory, so we cheer for our athletes, artists and scientists more than ever - President 3 August 2022 - 14:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The plan for the rapid recovery of Ukraine will provide for the prompt reconstruction of the social infrastructure destroyed by the Russian aggressor - Kyrylo Tymoshenko 12 July 2022 - 11:14 The Fast Recovery Plan of Ukraine will provide for the rapid reconstruction of social infrastructure facilities destroyed as a result of the full-scale Russian invasion, and must take into account the best modern construction standards. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Kyrylo Tymoshenko said this during a speech at a meeting of the British-Ukrainian working group on infrastructure issues in Warsaw. Kyrylo Tymoshenko noted that the current estimate of the losses of our country as a result of Russian aggression is USD 750 billion. "Now we are working on a long-term plan for the recovery of Ukraine. It defines the list of national reconstruction programs. We have incorporated the Build Back Better principle into this plan," he said. At the same time, as the Deputy Head of the Office of the President reported, pursuant to the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Large Construction project office and the regional military administrations developed a Plan for the fast recovery of Ukraine. "Fast Recovery requires urgent implementation, it provides for the 100% restoration of the housing stock in the de-occupied territories and part of schools, kindergartens, hospitals and housing and communal services facilities, which must be rebuilt now so that people can return home and receive a minimum number of services," the Deputy Head of the Office of the President noted. He emphasized that the Fast Recovery plan provides for the rapid reconstruction of social infrastructure and is one of the most important elements of the long-term recovery plan of Ukraine. "The essence of the plan is to restore the entire social infrastructure as quickly as possible, taking into account the best global practices and technologies in order to rebuild our cities and villages in a quick and modern way. Fast Recovery is a project to restore damaged critical infrastructure. This is something that needs to be done immediately," Kyrylo Tymoshenko said. According to him, the total budget of the Fast Recovery plan is almost USD 17.4 billion. "These funds are needed to restore 5,909 destroyed multi-story and 31,034 private houses, 259 schools, 205 kindergartens, 170 medical facilities, and 2,070 housing and communal services facilities. Due to the ongoing missile attacks, these numbers will increase," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. He noted that an online platform has been created on which all infrastructure damage in Ukraine is displayed in detail. "We are also using satellite images to gather evidence of destruction across Ukraine after the Russian invasion of our territory. The platform is updated every day," Kyrylo Tymoshenko said. According to him, the service is currently available only for internal use by the presidential team, but soon access to it is planned to be extended to partners. “The platform enables the analysis of the following parameters: geodata about each damaged unit, its location, size, type (e.g. apartment building, private house, hospital, school, kindergarten, etc.) and the date when the damage occurred. Currently, information on 69,000 destroyed units is available on the platform," said the Deputy Head of the President's Office. Kyrylo Tymoshenko also emphasized that thanks to cooperation with the World Bank, the platform provides an option for automatic calculation of direct and indirect losses. "No manual work, everything should be transparent and immediately available to all users of the platform. As soon as it (the service - ed.) is ready, we are planning to make a presentation of automatic cost calculation. On the platform, the status of recovery and spending of funds from donors will be available," the Deputy Head of the President's Office emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine