1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022850/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=17 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Security of the whole of Europe will depend on how strong cooperation between Ukraine and Denmark will be – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after meeting with Mette Frederiksen 6 September 2023 - 19:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Denmark Mette Frederiksen arrived in our country on a visit. President on Russia's attack on Kostiantynivka: Defeating Russian terror is a joint task for everyone in the world 6 September 2023 - 19:15 The Russian occupiers deliberately carried out a terrorist attack on civilian objects in the city of Kostiantynivka, Donetsk region, due to the failures of their troops on the battlefield. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized this at a meeting with media representatives after negotiations with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen in Kyiv. Andriy Yermak communicates with director of National Security Office under President of Korea 6 September 2023 - 14:15 On the instructions of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a conversation with Director of the Office of National Security under the President of the Republic of Korea Cho Tae-yong. Take care of country, take care of our soldiers' lives – President gives epaulettes of generals to servicemen of Ukraine's defense forces, law enforcers 6 September 2023 - 13:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy conferred the highest military and special ranks and presented epaulettes to servicemen of Ukraine's defense forces and law enforcement agencies. We have outlined several priorities with the warriors; what needs to be done will be done - address by the President of Ukraine 5 September 2023 - 23:23 All requests from the warriors will be addressed by senior generals, government officials, and our international relations officials. There will be new supplies. It is very important that there will be a new production of our weapons. Andriy Yermak delivered a video address on the occasion of the opening of the Russian War Crimes exhibition in Berlin 5 September 2023 - 21:25 In his video message, Andriy Yermak once again emphasized the importance of adhering to the Peace Formula proposed by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and bringing Russia to justice for war crimes. President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades engaged in offensive operations in the Bakhmut sector 5 September 2023 - 13:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed in detail with the combatants the problematic issues and needs of the units. In particular, they discussed the provision of artillery shells, missiles for the frontline air defense systems, evacuation vehicles and electronic warfare equipment. Today we spent the whole day with our warriors; it is very useful to hear from those who are going into battle what exactly is lacking - address by the President of Ukraine 4 September 2023 - 23:34 Everything the warriors talked about will be issues for the participants of the Staff. Especially regarding electronic warfare. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited combat brigades involved in repulsing Russian aggression in the Zaporizhzhia sector 4 September 2023 - 23:14 During the conversation between the Head of State and the military, special attention was paid to their needs and current problematic issues. President visited stabilization points where defenders wounded in Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia sectors are provided with medical aid 4 September 2023 - 22:04 The President talked to the wounded warriors and combat medics and asked about their urgent needs. 1 2 ... 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine