18 captures 04 Jul 2024 - 14 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240704040846/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemos-do-samitu-nato-u-vashingtoni-i-zokrema-z-tochki-zo-91941 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Preparing for the NATO Summit in Washington, Including from the Perspective of Patriots for Ukraine – the Address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2024 - 19:55 View all videos n latest news We Are Preparing for the NATO Summit in Washington, Including from the Perspective of Patriots for Ukraine – the Address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2024 - 19:50 Euro-Atlantic Integration, Defense Support and Energy Security: Ukrainian Delegation Met with Jake Sullivan 3 July 2024 - 15:15 One of the Practical Outcomes of the Peace Summit Could Be a Resolution on Nuclear Safety – President During Meeting with UN General Assembly President 3 July 2024 - 15:07 Andriy Yermak in Washington Discussed NATO Summit Preparations and Support for Ukraine with U.S. President's Assistant 3 July 2024 - 11:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Hungary in Kyiv 2 July 2024 - 15:15 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We Are Preparing for the NATO Summit in Washington, Including from the Perspective of Patriots for Ukraine – the Address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2024 - 19:50 Dear Ukrainians! Rescue operations after the Russian missile strike in Dnipro have been continuing all day long. More than 50 people were injured. All of them are getting the necessary assistance. For now, 5 people have been reported killed. My condolences to their families and friends. Several buildings, a hospital, and an enterprise were damaged in Dnipro. There have also been missile strikes on our other regions: guided aerial bombs aimed at Kharkiv and our frontline positions. There is only one way we can stop all of this: more air defense systems, more long-range strikes on the Russian terrorists' bases, on their airbases. We are actively communicating about all this with our partners – at all levels. We are preparing for the NATO Summit in Washington, D.C., including from the perspective of Patriots for Ukraine. Today I held several meetings on our communication with partners – on plans for this July. There will be important negotiations. Some progress has also been made on new security agreements for Ukraine. I am grateful to our team for this work. Today, I held several meetings with Government officials: Prime Minister Shmyhal, First Deputy Prime Minister Svyrydenko, Deputy Prime Minister Fedorov, Minister of Finance Marchenko. We already have clear details of new solutions for Ukrainians – new programs that will help people in this time of electricity shortages, as well as stabilize mobile communications. Now we need maximum opportunities to ensure generation – to create a new decentralized generation, and there will be financial resources for this. In the near future, Government officials will announce all the details. One more thing. Today I spoke with Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi – there was a report on the frontline situation. I also spoke with Minister of Defense Umerov – about his contacts in America and about new packages for Ukraine. Today, I had a meeting with the President of the UN General Assembly and congratulated the new Prime Minister of the Netherlands on the beginning of his work. I thank everyone who is helping us! I thank everyone who is fighting and working for Ukraine and Ukrainians! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine