1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Victory can be achieved only in battle, and fixing the end of the war will still be diplomatic - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2022 - 11:27 Ukraine can win the war with Russia only on the battlefield, but the final dot will still be put at the negotiating table, because that is the only way to settle many difficult issues. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with the host of the United News telethon. We urge the partner states to recognize that Russia must be held financially responsible for the crimes it committed - address by the President of Ukraine 20 May 2022 - 22:25 Therefore, we invite the partner countries to sign a multilateral agreement and create a mechanism through which each and every one who has suffered from Russia's actions will be able to receive compensation for all losses. That would be fair. And Russia will feel the true weight of every missile, every bomb, every projectile it has fired at us. Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Atlantic Council think tank 20 May 2022 - 17:27 We are very pleased that the world has gone the path from the "second Munich" to the "second Lend-Lease" and the second frontline - this time the sanctions one - in a matter of months. However, today the attempts to turn today's Ukraine, which successfully opposes one of the world's largest armies, into the second Czechoslovakia look very strange. All this time we are emphasizing, and I will emphasize this again: it will not work. We will never give up. President met with the Chairpersons of both Houses of the Irish Parliament 20 May 2022 - 16:06 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of increasing coordinated, unified pressure on the aggressor by Ukraine's international partners. The key to this is now the introduction of the sixth package of EU sanctions against Russia. Together we must ensure that Russia does not have any success in the aggression against Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 23:51 The first trial in Ukraine against a Russian war criminal has already begun. And it will end with the full restoration of justice within the international tribunal. President offers to extend the simplified procedure for admission to higher education institutions to graduates from all territories of Ukraine, which are currently temporarily occupied 19 May 2022 - 22:13 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that entrants from all territories of our state, which are currently under the temporary occupation of the Russian Federation, should be able to enter Ukrainian universities under a simplified procedure. He said this during an online meeting with students and rectors of Ukrainian higher education institutions. Speech by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak at the Chatham House think tank 19 May 2022 - 21:26 Our goal is to establish peace as soon as possible. The longer this war lasts, the greater the risks to the entire planet. But this peace must be fair. Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity is not a subject for compromise. Russia must liberate our territories, including the Ukrainian Crimea and the Ukrainian Donbas. President of Ukraine: I am proud that Ukrainian is fashionable in the world 19 May 2022 - 20:55 The values that the Ukrainian people defend in the fight against the aggressor are the national idea around which our country and the whole world are united. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with students and rectors of Ukrainian higher education institutions. Thanks to the post-war reconstruction plan, state-of-the-art universities will appear in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 May 2022 - 20:11 Ukraine's post-victory reconstruction plan will make it possible to build a new and modern European country, including educational infrastructure. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an online meeting with students and rectors of Ukrainian higher education institutions. Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to students and rectors of higher educational institutions of Ukraine 19 May 2022 - 20:03 This is a very special time for our country. Millions of our people are now fighting for the right to life and freedom for our people. And it really opens up a space of possibilities. Right now it is our country that is in a situation where we can choose the future for it as we decide. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 121 122 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine