4 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 08 Dec 2024 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003073457/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bud-yakij-kompromis-iz-rosiyeyu-ce-pryamij-shlyah-do-nastupn-83205 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:32 View all videos n latest news It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:29 President of Ukraine received the Minister of Defense of Estonia 2 October 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the Government of Spain 2 October 2023 - 19:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented shoulder boards to Ukrainian military and law enforcement officers 2 October 2023 - 19:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 14:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Any compromise with Russia is a direct path to the next stages of the war - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 28 May 2023 - 13:33 The Ukrainian Peace Formula should become the basis for ending the war, and any attempts at dialogue or compromise with the aggressor country, Russia, will lead to further escalation. This was stated by Mykhailo Podolyak, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, in an interview with the Italian newspaper La Repubblica. "First, the Russian Federation will get a conversation about the real conditions for ending the war exclusively on the battlefield. And after such a "conversation" offered by our Armed Forces, it will have no choice. Second, the Peace Formula will be supported by the global democratic community, which will fix the logistics of the only possible end to the war," said Mykhailo Podolyak. In addition, according to him, after all the large-scale destruction and murders that Russia has committed in Ukraine, our people are not in the mood for compromise with the Kremlin. The Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President reminded that for almost nine years Ukraine had been trying to reach an agreement at the negotiating table, but as a result, it ended up in a full-scale war the world had not seen since World War II. "Any compromise with the Russian Federation is a direct path to the next stages of the war, escalation, and a significant increase in the role of global terrorism. The main point of the peace plan is the withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine. The conversation with the Russians will begin only after that," Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized. According to him, there are no real plans other than the Ukrainian Peace Formula, and Kyiv will not accept other proposals, as they are made with support for Russia in mind. "Any other initiative today is an attempt to push through the Russian plan, where the key point is an immediate ceasefire, but without the withdrawal of the Russian occupation group. This is an absolutely unacceptable position aimed not at peace but at ensuring, in fact, Russia's victory. And most importantly, why discuss initiatives behind which everyone can see Russians and their unwillingness to take responsibility for huge crimes against humanity?" said the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office. Mykhailo Podolyak reminded of the importance of formalizing the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to prevent the emergence of other "peace plans" aimed at blurring the only right way to end the war. It is to this end that Ukraine is initiating a peace summit in July, as announced at the G7 Summit in Japan. According to Mykhailo Podolyak, the Ukrainian Peace Formula is the basis for the planned peace talks, and the summit participants can add their useful ideas. But the key point is the first point - the withdrawal of the Russian Federation from the entire territory of Ukraine, including Donbas and Crimea. "Today, the leaders of global democracy are united as never before in understanding the nature of the war, Russia's position and the right way to end the war. We understand what tools are needed for this: weapons, a legal mechanism for prosecuting the crime of aggression, reparations and restoration, an open exchange of prisoners and the return of deported citizens. The main thing is the military defeat of Russia and the immediate return of the occupied territories to us," the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office is convinced. According to Mykhailo Podolyak, representatives of Ukraine, the G7 countries, and Northern Europe are working on the peace summit. The circle of participants is gradually expanding, so dozens of democratic countries are expected to participate. All countries interested in returning the world to fair global rules, international law and respect for the sovereignty of states can join. When asked whether Russia would participate in the upcoming peace summit, the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office said: "What is the point of inviting Russians anywhere after they deliberately attack another country, deliberately violate international law, deliberately fire missiles at civilians? The Russians are absolutely not ready to admit their involvement in a large-scale crime and use any international platform solely to spread their hatred." As for any requirements for Ukraine's membership in international organizations put forward by the Russian Federation, Mykhailo Podolyak emphasized that it is only the Ukrainian people who will determine their own future and membership in international organizations and security associations. "Russia's sovereignty extends exclusively to the territory of Russia within its internationally recognized borders," he said. According to the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office, the common border with the aggressor state, which has been waging war against Ukraine for more than nine years, requires increased militarization to curb its aggressive attitudes. "Russia will never change. It will always be aggressive. But Russia's inevitable defeat in the war against Ukraine will give Europe time to effectively build a pan-European defense system," Mykhailo Podolyak is convinced. Speaking about whether the war could end this year, the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office said that it is possible if a sufficient number of necessary weapons arrive in time. In this context, he noted that Ukraine still lacks shells and long-range missiles, and also needs modern fighter jets. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine