5 captures 01 Aug 2023 - 18 Apr 2025 Jul AUG Sep 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230801174757/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-v-ivano-frankivsku-proviv-zasidannya-kongresu-84625 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos To protect the lives of Ukrainians, our military must have enough long-range weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2023 - 21:14 View all videos n latest news NATO membership is the best possible guarantee of security for Ukraine - Ihor Zhovkva 1 August 2023 - 16:46 Andriy Yermak held a conversation with the National Security Advisor of the Republic of India 1 August 2023 - 14:26 To protect the lives of Ukrainians, our military must have enough long-range weapons - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 July 2023 - 21:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Brazil and President Lula da Silva could help implement one of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula 31 July 2023 - 17:46 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President held a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities in Ivano-Frankivsk 30 July 2023 - 17:04 Under the chairmanship of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, a meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities was held in Ivano-Frankivsk. According to the Head of State, the agenda of the meeting included three topics: energy sector and protection of Ukraine's energy infrastructure from Russian attacks; international politics, implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and preparation for the Global Peace Summit, security guarantees for our country and the start of negotiations on accession to the European Union; budget expenditures at the state and local levels. "It is obvious that in the autumn and winter the enemy will try to repeat the terror against the Ukrainian energy sector. In any case, we must be prepared for this at the state, highest level, at the level of each community, each city, each of our villages and towns," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Regarding the international agenda, the President said that Ukraine's success in international relations gives additional motivation to our soldiers at the front and to our people in general, because they see what the country will be like in the future. In this matter, much depends on the timely and appropriate work of the Verkhovna Rada. "It will be right if the people's deputies of Ukraine feel that their communities expect very positive foreign policy successes of Ukraine from them. And it is important to do it now," the Head of State emphasized. Regarding budget expenditures, Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the budget is always a mirror of the priorities of the state, region, and each community. And now the first priority throughout Ukraine is defense. "Ukrainian warriors and all our people must feel that Ukrainian communities consider defense the first priority, as I have noted today. All of you see the priorities and needs of combat brigades and our other units in which soldiers from your communities, from every city and village of Ukraine serve," the Head of State said. The second priority, according to the President, is the social sustainability of Ukraine, each city and community, and the protection of the normal life of every person. The meeting was attended by 98 members of the Congress in person, and more than 1,500 participants online. In total, 93% of its members attended the meeting. In addition, President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen and other foreign guests joined the meeting online. v Videos ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Ivano-Frankivsk region 30 July 2023 - 15:11 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine