5 captures 05 Oct 2024 - 11 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241005005627/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=11-09-2023&date-to=11-09-2024&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Have Decisions to Support the Sumy Region, and More Separate Meetings Will Be Held on the Energy Sector of This and Our Other Border Regions – Address by the President 4 October 2024 - 18:28 View all videos n latest news Strengthening of Air Defense, Reconstruction of Energy Facilities and Enterprises: President Met with Representatives of the Sumy Region's Communities 4 October 2024 - 21:58 In Sumy, the President Visited Wounded Warriors and Honored Them with State Awards 4 October 2024 - 19:51 Where There Is a School, There Is Confidence in the Future: President Met with Educators from Border Areas 4 October 2024 - 19:03 Volodymyr Zelenskyi Held a Meeting of the Staff in the Sumy Region 4 October 2024 - 18:47 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Sumy region 4 October 2024 - 15:21 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Supporting Ukrainian Energy System and Tightening Sanctions Against Russian Federation: Andriy Yermak Met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien 31 August 2024 - 14:00 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with U.S. Assistant Secretary of State James O'Brien. Arms Supply and Peace Formula Implementation: Ukrainian Delegation Met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany and France in Washington 31 August 2024 - 13:21 During a visit to the United States as part of a Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with National Security Advisers of the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and France. Ukrainian Delegation Discussed with Lloyd Austin the Needs of the Defense Forces and the Joint Production of Weapons 30 August 2024 - 20:20 A Ukrainian delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yuliia Svyrydenko has begun its visit to Washington. The first meeting was held with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. Ukraine and Montenegro Have Initiated Consultations on a Bilateral Security Agreement 30 August 2024 - 18:46 The document aims to strengthen security in Europe and deepen cooperation between the two countries. Safe Educational Environment: Interim Project Results Were Presented in the Zhytomyr Region 28 August 2024 - 19:29 Olha Budnyk, Advisor-Commissioner of the President on the Fund of the President of Ukraine for the Support of Education, Science, and Sports, presented the interim results of the project aimed at creating a safe educational environment in the Zhytomyr region. Ukraine and the United Kingdom Made Significant Progress in Preparing for the Signing of the Agreement on Transition to Stronger and Deeper Partnership 28 August 2024 - 16:11 Ukraine and the United Kingdom held the second round of negotiations on a bilateral agreement on transition to a stronger and deeper partnership. Safeguarding Children from Forced Transfers and Deportation: the Bring Kids Back UA Task Force Presented the White Paper 27 August 2024 - 21:37 More than 15 international experts and organizations working in the field of international law developed the White Paper. This document reveals the systematic nature of deportation and forced relocation of children by the aggressor state. It clearly documents all the evidence. Andriy Yermak Met with Alexander Soros 27 August 2024 - 18:20 During the meeting, they discussed further cooperation on issues of importance for Ukraine. In particular, they discussed the implementation of the Peace Formula, including the points on energy and nuclear safety, food security, and the release of all detained and deported Ukrainians. Work on Developing a Joint Plan for Implementing the Peace Formula Continues – Andriy Yermak 27 August 2024 - 14:14 It would be appropriate for the second Peace Summit to take place in one of the Global South countries. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a panel discussion at the "Ukraine 2024. Independence" forum. Andriy Yermak Discussed Strengthening Cooperation in Defense Production with Public and Business Representatives 23 August 2024 - 22:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of public organizations, business and authorities to discuss cooperation in the production of weapons and ammunition. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine