1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024546/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=61 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 29 January 2023 - 17:50 The parties heard reports from the military commanders on the operational situation at the front, particularly in the Donetsk direction and in the south. They also considered intelligence information on the enemy's likely actions in the near future. President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 12:55 At Askold's Grave in Kyiv, the Head of State laid flowers to the memorial cross to the Heroes of Kruty. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak, Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine Oleksiy Danilov, Minister of Defense Oleksiy Reznikov, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny and Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets. Ukraine needs more specialists in European affairs who will protect European values – President addressing students and teachers of the College of Europe 27 January 2023 - 21:19 After the victory over the aggressor state, both Ukraine and Europe will need citizens able to protect European values from tyranny's attempts to destroy them. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy when addressing online students and teachers of the College of Europe in Natolin (Poland) and Bruges (Belgium) celebrating the Ukrainian and Lithuanian National Days. President honored the memory of Holocaust victims 27 January 2023 - 13:34 The Head of State put an icon lamp near the Menorah memorial sign on the territory of the Babyn Yar National Historical and Memorial Reserve. The ceremony was also attended by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, representatives of the diplomatic corps of European countries, the United States and Canada. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 26 January 2023 - 19:11 The participants heard reports from the commanders of the operational directions on the current situation at the front, and discussed the situation in the Bakhmut sector in detail. President of Ukraine met with UN High Commissioner for Refugees 25 January 2023 - 20:03 Volodymyr Zelenskyy drew Filippo Grandi's special attention to the urgency of access to Ukrainian citizens deported to Russia and the protection of their rights. Separately, the topic of massive criminal deportation of Ukrainian children, including orphans and children deprived of parental care, by the aggressor state was raised. World country music star Brad Paisley became an ambassador of the United24 platform and supported the "Rebuild Ukraine" direction 24 January 2023 - 18:50 World-renowned country music artist Brad Paisley has joined the team of ambassadors of the United24 fundraising platform initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: It is very important for Ukraine that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war 24 January 2023 - 17:19 "We were not going to and are not going to attack Belarus. This is the main signal from the entire Ukrainian people to the Belarusian people. It is very important for us that Belarus does not lose its independence and does not join this disgraceful war despite anyone’s influence," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, answering journalists' questions. I am grateful to Finland for understanding that we need to remain resilient and move together towards victory in this war - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Sauli Niinistö in Kyiv 24 January 2023 - 16:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Finland Sauli Niinistö, who is on a visit to our country. President of Ukraine and the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom talked to students of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv on the Day of Unity 22 January 2023 - 19:51 The meeting was attended by students from all regions of Ukraine, as well as representatives of the Military Institute of the Kyiv National University. Answering the questions of the youth, the Head of State expressed confidence that Ukraine would definitely win this war. 1 2 ... 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine