6 captures 05 Aug 2024 - 16 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240805094613/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=19-07-2023&date-to=19-07-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Greeting on the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 4 August 2024 - 18:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Rivne Region 30 July 2024 - 17:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Strengthening Air Defense, Defense Cooperation, and Pilot Training: President's First Meeting with the New Prime Minister of the Netherlands 10 July 2024 - 18:32 During the meeting, they also discussed the necessity of transitioning to long-term planning of the training of Ukrainian pilots. Consequences of Russian Shelling and Support on the Path to the EU: President of Ukraine Met with Prime Minister of Luxembourg 10 July 2024 - 17:58 In Washington, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Prime Minister of Luxembourg Luc Frieden, during which they signed a bilateral security agreement. Security Agreement with Luxembourg: Document Includes Clause on Supporting Ukraine in Releasing and Returning All Our People 10 July 2024 - 17:31 In Washington, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Luxembourg Luc Frieden signed an Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. We Continue Our Work in Washington, and There Will Be a Decision Regarding the F-16s Very Soon – Address by the President 10 July 2024 - 16:12 There will also be two new security agreements. These agreements include support for sanctions against Russia, support for our accession to the EU and NATO, support for our defense – our soldiers, all our people, and reconstruction – all of this is taken into account in the security agreements exactly as needed. Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 10 July 2024 - 16:06 We Hope that U.S. Policy on Supporting Ukraine Will Not Change After the Elections – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 July 2024 - 10:56 If the Russian dictator is not stopped in Ukraine, he will go further, and after that, the U.S. will have to defend NATO countries that were previously part of the USSR or within its sphere of influence. Together with America, the World Is Capable of Doing the Right Things – Speech by Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Institute 10 July 2024 - 04:17 Now we can protect our cities from Russian glide bombs if American leadership makes a step forward and allows us to destroy Russian military aircraft on their bases. Olena Zelenska: I Hope for the Inclusion of the American National Military Medical Center in the Medical Partnership Program with Ukraine 9 July 2024 - 23:58 During the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States of America, First Lady Olena Zelenska, along with Deputy Minister of Defense Nataliia Kalmykova, visited the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Began His Visit to the United States with Honoring the Victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 9 July 2024 - 19:25 The Presidential couple also spoke with representatives of the Ukrainian community in the United States. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the consistent activity and volunteer assistance to Ukrainian warriors from the community. We Are Pushing for More Air Defense and F-16 Aircraft for Ukraine, Additional Security Commitments and Decisive Actions by America and Europe – Address by the President 9 July 2024 - 18:57 We are doing and will always do everything to make Russian terror lose. And not only does our country need it, but everyone needs it, literally every partner, all nations. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine