7 captures 17 Dec 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231217103546/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/norvegiya-ye-odnim-iz-globalnih-lideriv-u-pidtrimci-ukrayini-87725 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This week, 104 out of 112 Shahed drones used by Russia destroyed – address by the President of Ukraine 16 December 2023 - 18:44 View all videos n latest news This week, 104 out of 112 Shahed drones used by Russia destroyed – address by the President of Ukraine 16 December 2023 - 18:42 Olena Zelenska: Ukraine needs nursing development strategy 16 December 2023 - 15:39 The President of Ukraine took part in the meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities held in Lviv 15 December 2023 - 19:33 Taking care of our warriors, of all our people is a must at all levels of government – address by the President of Ukraine 15 December 2023 - 17:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Lviv region 15 December 2023 - 14:14 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Norway is one of the global leaders in supporting Ukraine – President following the meeting with Jonas Gahr Støre in Oslo 13 December 2023 - 14:20 During his official visit to the Kingdom of Norway, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre. The Head of State expressed gratitude to Norway and personally to the Prime Minister for global leadership in supporting Ukraine. “Your decisions and actions are not just timely and significant, they set an example for others, an example of leadership – when it’s not just a few caring people, but a whole society that cares, and when it’s not just individual strong personalities pushing the need to help defend against genocidal aggression, but when a strong character of the entire nation is felt. Norway truly stands for freedom and normal peaceful life rules,” the President said during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre in Oslo. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Prime Minister, the Government and the Parliament of Norway, as well as the Norwegian society for the assistance Ukraine receives. The leaders discussed support for Ukraine's defense, countering Russia's attempts to blockade navigation in the Black Sea, protecting Ukrainian settlements from Russian terror, and assessed the overall progress and prospects for bilateral cooperation. The President spoke about another Russian ballistic missile strike on civilian targets in Ukraine, which resulted in more than 50 civilian casualties. Therefore, according to him, strengthening the air shield remains a critical priority for Ukraine. “It’s the basis of life now for most Ukrainians – air defense. Norway has supported us, particularly with NASAMS systems. Norway also became the first country to adopt a long-term support program for Ukraine. And today we talked and will talk about such specific things that can save thousands of Ukrainian lives next year, as well as increase pressure on the aggressor,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy stated. The President also emphasized the importance of the Nordic summit to be held today in Oslo. “Ukraine truly values this format of work – Ukraine plus five. Thank you for your help in protecting our country, our people and our families," the Head of State said. Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre assured of further assistance to Ukraine and recalled the five-year package of support for Ukraine's defense, economy and recovery. In particular, Norway is announcing additional support for Ukraine today. "Mr. President Zelenskyy and his government must pay doctors, teachers and other workers. And we are able to provide $1 billion in aid in 2023. We are also increasing our financial and humanitarian support by almost $800 million. In addition, we can announce that we will be providing direct economic support to these critical areas from the first months of 2024 so that there will be no delay in helping the Ukrainian people," he said. Jonas Gahr Støre said that Norway seeks to enhance the protection of Ukraine's critical infrastructure by providing additional air defense equipment. Co-financing with European partners in the defense industry is also being increased to produce more ammunition for the Armed Forces of Ukraine. In addition, Norway is introducing a winter aid package that includes food, water, and warm clothing. "We will continue to uphold Ukraine's right to defend itself and the key principles of international law," the Norwegian Prime Minister summarized. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Norway 13 December 2023 - 12:43 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Norway 13 December 2023 - 12:43 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine