5 captures 01 Nov 2024 - 08 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241101113049/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/investiciyi-v-oboronne-virobnictvo-ta-pidtrimka-na-shlyahu-d-94097 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine Always Proposes What Will Truly Help Us Achieve Real Peace – Address by the President 30 October 2024 - 17:33 View all videos n latest news At the Ministerial Conference in Montreal, Elina Svitolina Speaks on the Role of Strategic Communication in Returning Abducted Ukrainian Children 1 November 2024 - 09:30 Andriy Yermak Meets in Montreal with U.S. Under Secretary of State, Canadian and French Ministers, and Representatives from the Vatican and Switzerland 1 November 2024 - 09:02 Countries Participating in the Montreal Conference Commit to Returning All Captured and Deported Ukrainians 31 October 2024 - 23:54 The President's Office Discusses Establishment of Veteran Hubs – Centers on the Basis of Ukrainian Educational Institutions 31 October 2024 - 21:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery 31 October 2024 - 00:00 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Investment in Defense Production and Support on the Way to NATO: President of Ukraine Meets with Prime Minister of Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy began his first visit to Iceland with a meeting with the country’s Prime Minister, Bjarni Benediktsson. The President expressed his gratitude to Iceland and all partner nations in Northern Europe for supporting Ukraine from the very first days of the full-scale Russian invasion. “We are defending our lives, our homes, and our children every day. But this would not be possible without your strong support, the support of every partner. We are very grateful, but today we must be even stronger to stop Putin. This is what I want to discuss with our partners, with all allies. We have a Victory Plan, and we seek real support for it,” the President emphasized. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the situation on the battlefield and Ukraine’s progress in producing unmanned systems. He called on Iceland to invest in Ukrainian production of munitions, long-range drones, missiles, and other weaponry, and to join the Coalition of Shelters initiated by Ukraine and Finland. Additionally, the President provided information on North Korean military involvement in Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, as evidenced by intelligence data, and on Russia’s use of North Korean and Iranian weapons. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of a decisive international response in light of these developments. The Head of State also thanked Iceland for supporting our country on the path to NATO. The President emphasized that inviting Ukraine to join the Alliance is the first point of the Victory Plan, as it is the only guarantee of lasting peace. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Iceland 28 October 2024 - 20:26 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine