9 captures 17 May 2023 - 19 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230517000013/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dosyagnuto-domovlenostej-pro-potuzhni-oboronni-paketi-prezid-82925 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life – speech by the President of Ukraine at the opening of the Fourth Summit of the Council of Europe 16 May 2023 - 23:17 View all videos n latest news We are Europeans, so we act at one hundred percent of our strength when it comes to protecting our way of life – speech by the President of Ukraine at the opening of the Fourth Summit of the Council of Europe 16 May 2023 - 23:14 Together with Ukraine's partners, we will make the defense against terror as strong as possible – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 16 May 2023 - 22:26 In the framework of her visit to the Republic of Korea, Olena Zelenska met with President Yoon Suk Yeol 16 May 2023 - 17:58 The main results of these days – our victory has been brought closer – address by the President of Ukraine 15 May 2023 - 19:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to the Republic of Korea 16 May 2023 - 18:06 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President of Ukraine on the results of his visits to Italy, Germany, France and the UK: Agreements on powerful defense packages were reached 15 May 2023 - 15:50 During President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's recent visits to Italy, Germany, France and the United Kingdom, important agreements were reached on defense support for our country. The Head of State told it to the media following the negotiations with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the priority of his visits to European capitals was to prepare for active actions of the Ukrainian Armed Forces at the front to liberate the occupied territories. "I am extremely pleased with our achievements and agreements. And I am very grateful to Rishi. It was a good meeting with Giorgia, with Olaf, Emmanuel and today in the UK. Really important, powerful defense packages. These are the agreements," the President said. According to him, the talks also focused on preparations for the G7 summit to be held this week in Hiroshima, Japan. "The position of each of these countries is very important here. And it is important that this position is united," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted. The Head of State emphasized that the negotiations also concerned the creation of a coalition of fighter jets for Ukraine and preparations for the NATO summit in Vilnius. ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 15 May 2023 - 11:21 ph Visit of the President of Ukraine to the United Kingdom 15 May 2023 - 11:21 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine