4 captures 04 Oct 2020 - 17 Apr 2025 May JUN Jul 12 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220612151811/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nikoli-ne-zdavatisya-prezident-dav-poradu-vinnickij-molodi-64097 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The decision to grant Ukraine candidate status will strengthen not only our state, but also the entire EU - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 23:33 View all videos n latest news The decision to grant Ukraine candidate status will strengthen not only our state, but also the entire EU - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 June 2022 - 23:30 The EU's first Ukrainian Center for Displaced Persons was opened in Vilnius 11 June 2022 - 18:29 Russia's war against Ukraine continues, so a powerful seventh package of sanctions is needed - President following talks with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 17:08 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 16:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 11 June 2022 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Never give up - President gave advice to Vinnytsia youth 29 September 2020 - 18:28 During a working trip to the Vinnytsia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Vinnytsia National Technical University. He talked to the students and shared his life experience as President. "It is possible to live an interesting life only by working hard, because then there will be results and there will be victories," the Head of State stressed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the main slogan he is guided by in his life. "I want to say – you can't give up. Never! Only forward, only victory! In any case, in any topic," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the activities of any politician are associated with great responsibility for the lives of many people. The Head of State also spoke about the government's initiatives to support entrepreneurship. In particular, he said that the conditions for IT business taxation have been significantly simplified. Due to the program "Affordable loans 5-7-9%" citizens received loans in the amount of UAH 9 billion. It is also possible to take mortgage loans at 10%. In addition, work is being held with business to involve senior students in cooperation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the technical developments of students. ph Working trip to the Vinnytsia region 29 September 2020 - 16:06 ph Working trip to the Vinnytsia region 29 September 2020 - 16:06 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine