8 captures 08 Jul 2022 - 19 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220708213806/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-rozpovila-pro-format-provedennya-drugogo-sami-76385 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President to the Parliament of Slovenia 8 July 2022 - 16:46 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska describes framework of second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 8 July 2022 - 18:53 President visits wounded defenders of Ukraine in Dnipropetrovsk regional hospital, meets with doctors 8 July 2022 - 18:28 President got himself acquainted with the current situation in the Dnipropetrovsk region under martial law 8 July 2022 - 17:46 Address by the President to the Parliament of Slovenia 8 July 2022 - 16:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk region 8 July 2022 - 14:31 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska describes framework of second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 8 July 2022 - 18:53 On July 23, Ukraine will host the second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen dedicated to the post-war reconstruction of our country. The event is planned to be held as a teleconference between different countries of the world. The first Summit was held last year at the initiative of the wife of the President of Ukraine, Olena Zelenska. At that time, at her invitation, eleven first ladies from different countries of the world came to the city of Kyiv. The event was also attended by such famous persons as Hillary Rodham Clinton, Robin Wright, Nassim Nicholas Taleb and Sahraa Karimi. This year, the Summit will be devoted to overcoming the most painful challenge of 2022 – Russia's war against Ukraine. Human will be the central figure and topic of discussion. "To host the second Summit, as planned last year, despite the daily terrorist acts by Russia, is our carefully weighed decision. It comes from the need to restore and rebuild our country and to obtain the support of the world community for this," Zelenska said. This year, the organizers have planned a mixed event, which involves the organization of a teleconference between studios in different cities of the world. The main studio will be located in Ukraine. Another four will be in Brussels, Warsaw, London and Washington. "I believe that the restoration of the country must begin with the people, with their moral and physical health. Therefore, at the Summit, we will seek answers to questions that concern not only every Ukrainian, but also every person in the world: the issue of forced migrants; creation of appropriate conditions for the return of women and children who have been forced to live in other countries for the fifth month in a row; how to restore various fields – medicine, education, culture," the First Lady said. According to her, the Summit will be divided into four thematic discussion panels. The first will be devoted to temporary displaced persons. "We must find ways to make it convenient and comfortable for our citizens to return home," the President's wife said. The second panel will be devoted to children and education. "It is important for us to discuss the issue of opening schools and kindergartens, which is a prerequisite for the return of parents and children to Ukraine. What needs to be changed in the arrangement of educational institutions? And also to consider the possibility of creating common programs between foreign and Ukrainian universities," Zelenska said. The topic of the third panel is the physical and mental recovery of Ukrainians. "Here we will discuss possible relocation programs for treatment abroad, training programs for Ukrainian psychologists, etc.," the First Lady said. The fourth panel will be devoted to women, their role in decision-making in the field of defense, post-war reconstruction of the country and, in particular, in IT. Three categories of guests will participate in the event: first ladies and gentlemen from different countries of the world; representatives of international organizations (WHO, UNICEF, UNESCO, etc.) and celebrities – singers, actors, directors, representatives of other fields, each of whom has something to say to the world. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine