1 capture 24 May 2022 Apr MAY Jun 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220524041644/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-05-2021&date-to=24-05-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:23 View all videos n latest news The coming weeks of the war will be difficult, yet we have no alternative but to fight and win - address by the President of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 22:21 We must integrate psychological support into all spheres of our lives - Olena Zelenska at the 75th World Health Assembly 23 May 2022 - 21:25 President presented the Order of the Golden Star to the servicemen and relatives of the fallen defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 18:40 Volodymyr Zelenskyy canceled “Russian warship… Done!” postage stamp issued on the Day of the Marines of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:30 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented awards to servicemen who have been conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine 23 May 2022 - 17:22 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida discussed further steps to support Ukraine 26 April 2022 - 18:19 The interlocutors exchanged views on additional measures that Japan could take to support international efforts to counter Russian aggression. President of Ukraine met with the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense of the United States of America 25 April 2022 - 09:08 The President of Ukraine discussed with the United States delegation the current priorities for the belligerent state - defense assistance, strengthening sanctions on Russia, financial support for Ukraine and security guarantees. Ukraine has demonstrated extraordinary unity, as well as united Europe and shown the true meaning of NATO - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 April 2022 - 00:10 "Ukraine has done a lot to unite the world. And now that this union exists, weapons are needed. And this is the last union we need. Here, all countries need to become courageous people and courageous leaders together. And not only for us, not only for our victory, but also for themselves," the President of Ukraine summed up. Ukraine is interested in Pope Francis' involvement in saving people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 April 2022 - 22:41 Ukraine would like Pope Francis to join the rescue of people in the east of our country, in particular to help unblock the humanitarian corridor in Mariupol, because His Holiness is trusted by many people and his mission is from God. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference for international and Ukrainian media in Kyiv. Everyone who gave criminal orders to kill civilians of Ukraine will get a fair punishment - President 23 April 2022 - 22:19 "I believe that everyone will definitely face the tribunal, the court. Everyone who gave these shameful orders to kill people, children - everyone. That's for sure, I'm sure of it, I believe in it," the President said during a press conference for international and Ukrainian media. Ukraine has become a state that knows that it needs to defend its land - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 April 2022 - 21:52 "I believe that, on the contrary, when we win, we will be a state with the most powerful army, the most experienced. The most experienced people in terms of defense. As for security guarantees, I believe that we will become one of the strongest states in Europe. Not because we are special, but because we have no other choice. These are the realities in which we live. These are the realities with which we are neighbors," the President stressed. Ukraine will return the ambassador to Georgia as soon as it feels the support of the Georgian authorities - President 23 April 2022 - 21:41 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the Georgian people are fraternal for Ukrainians, but the return of the Ukrainian ambassador to Georgia is possible after the Georgian authorities support Ukraine. The Head of State said this during a press conference for international and Ukrainian media in Kyiv. Ukraine is ready to hold negotiations with Russia to save the lives of millions of people - President 23 April 2022 - 21:30 Ukraine is ready to negotiate with the Russian Federation to end the war, as a diplomatic path will save the lives of millions of people. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a press conference for international and Ukrainian media in Kyiv. President: We really want to save the lives of our people, and this requires heavy weapons and equipment 21 April 2022 - 17:51 Ukraine needs heavy weapons to protect the lives of its citizens and to counter the Russian army, which has a numerical advantage in personnel and equipment. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Prime Minister of Spain Pedro Sánchez and Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with the Prime Ministers of Denmark and Spain the issues of strengthening defense capabilities, rebuilding and supporting Ukraine's integration into the EU 21 April 2022 - 17:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain Pedro Sánchez and Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Denmark Mette Frederiksen who are on a visit to our country. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine