6 captures 13 Aug 2022 - 21 May 2024 Jul AUG Sep 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220813151609/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pidpisala-z-yunisef-v-ukrayini-memorandum-dly-76825 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:21 View all videos n latest news Visa restrictions for Russian citizens fair, all defenders of European values should insist on them – address of President of Ukraine 12 August 2022 - 23:19 Head of state discusses bringing closer victory, development of Ukraine with active youth 12 August 2022 - 19:49 Ihor Zhovkva congratulated the Foreign Affairs Advisor to the Prime Minister of North Macedonia on the start of negotiations on the country's accession to the EU 12 August 2022 - 17:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska took part in the ceremony of honoring the participants of the "Children-rescuers - war heroes" event 12 August 2022 - 16:22 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska signed a Memorandum with UNICEF in Ukraine to strengthen joint work in the fields of education and protection of children during war 2 August 2022 - 10:47 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Office of the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund (UNICEF) in Ukraine. This is a continuation of a partnership that was fruitful before the full-scale Russian invasion. In particular, UNICEF participated in the implementation of the reform of school meals, which was initiated by the wife of the President. Now it was decided to join forces and focus on ensuring that children and young people, especially the most vulnerable groups, feel the harmful effects of war as little as possible. "One of the important directions of our work will be information - we must constantly tell the world how war takes away childhood from our children. We will emphasize to the international community that Russia regularly violates the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in Ukraine. Russia damaged more than 2,000 educational institutions. But these are only buildings. Since February, it has nullified the educational process in principle, forced our children to hide in bomb shelters, starve and flee abroad. The world should hear about it and remember it every day," said Olena Zelenska. The Memorandum defines the following main areas of cooperation: improving access and quality of education in schools and kindergartens, implementing the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support to deal with the trauma caused by war now, creating a barrier-free environment for children and building social inclusion. "We are ready to continue this important partnership between UNICEF and the First Lady. The war in Ukraine and the destruction of the educational infrastructure have a devastating impact on the lives and future of more than 5.7 million schoolchildren in Ukraine. Together with Mrs. Zelenska, we will work to protect the rights of every child and create an opportunity to continue education in these difficult times. Education is a right and one of the most important investments to give children a sense of normalcy and security. Children in Ukraine and abroad need safe access to education and psychological support. They need space, the opportunity to interact with their peers and help with the educational process that they missed due to the war," said Murat Sahin, head of the UNICEF Office in Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine