8 captures 04 Jan 2021 - 20 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214204850/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gromadyani-zmozhut-ekonomiti-pri-rozrahunkah-za-gaz-do-40-ob-65917 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Citizens will be able to save up to 40% on gas bills by choosing a state supplier 31 December 2020 - 11:21 The gas market for the population has been launched in Ukraine since August this year, and now citizens are free to choose the gas supplier with the most favorable conditions. State-owned companies, in particular Naftogaz of Ukraine, can help the population save on gas bills. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a working trip to the Ivano-Frankivsk region. "State-owned companies are needed to work in the interests of society, to create profitable opportunities for ordinary people. "Naftogaz must clearly show Ukrainians how the company will provide cheaper gas," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that he had already discussed the issue of prices for the population with CEO of NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine Andriy Kobolyev. "Despite the fact that the country has switched to the gas market and the market dictates prices, Naftogaz still has the cheapest prices compared to all suppliers," the President said. Today, more than 50 companies supply gas to households in Ukraine. Depending on the supplier and the region, gas prices differ significantly. For example, the price of gas for January 2021 from Naftogaz of Ukraine is UAH 7.22 per cubic meter with VAT, while the price of regional gas suppliers averages UAH 9.9 per cubic meter with VAT. Private suppliers in different regions of Ukraine sometimes set the price of gas for the population at 30-40% higher than that of Naftogaz of Ukraine. "We have even found one company that offers a 50% higher price than that of Naftogaz," the Head of State said. “Naftogaz will offer the lowest prices on the market. And will fight for price reduction, despite the market. People need help due to COVID-19,” the President added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also called on local authorities to explain to people how to save on gas bills, inter alia, by choosing a state supplier, as well as using the services of the state Oschadbank. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine