16 captures 03 Apr 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403182346/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/garantiyi-bezpeki-j-dovgostrokovoyi-pidtrimki-ukrayina-ta-fi-90029 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos n latest news Air defense, defense co-production, and Ukraine's path to the EU and NATO: meeting between the President of Ukraine and the President of Finland 3 April 2024 - 15:29 Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Republic of Finland 3 April 2024 - 14:17 Security commitments and long-term support: Ukraine and Finland have signed a security agreement 3 April 2024 - 14:16 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Japan 3 April 2024 - 12:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Security commitments and long-term support: Ukraine and Finland have signed a security agreement 3 April 2024 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Finland Alexander Stubb signed an Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support. With this document, Finland formalized its readiness to continue supporting Ukraine in the fight against Russian aggression, pledged to provide long-term military and financial assistance, and to step up cooperation with our country in the political, financial, humanitarian, and reform areas. Finland will help Ukraine rebuild its energy sector, assess environmental damage, strengthen border and critical infrastructure protection, and provide medical treatment for Ukrainian soldiers. In addition, the document contains powerful blocks on sanctions, compensation for damages, and bringing the aggressor to justice. The agreement also clearly demonstrates Finland's support for Ukraine's future membership in the EU and NATO. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Alexander Stubb for a new, 23rd aid package to our country worth €188 million. Thus, the total amount of support provided by Finland since the beginning of the full-scale aggression is close to €2 billion. "I am grateful for the guarantees of continued military and financial support for our country by Finland. As of now, we have already received €400 million in military aid for 2024. And this amount will increase significantly by the end of this year due to at least two more aid packages," the President of Ukraine noted. In addition, Finland is preparing a four-year plan to support Ukraine. The budget for development and reconstruction is €290 million. The agreement is valid for ten years and enhances support and protection of Ukraine on its path to NATO and EU membership. The agreement with Finland was signed in pursuance of the Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine of July 12, 2023, which was joined by 32 states in total. As of today, our country has already concluded eight bilateral security agreements: with the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Denmark, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands, and Finland. ph Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 ph Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine