3 captures 11 Sep 2024 - 20 Apr 2025 Aug SEP Oct 11 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240911225158/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=05-09-2023&date-to=05-09-2024&page=6 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Events of the Fourth Summit of the International Crimea Platform 11 September 2024 - 12:37 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The World Must Not Forget for a Single Day That Together, We Are Stronger Than Any Terrorist – Address by the President 25 August 2024 - 21:42 All day today, the rubble in Kramatorsk was being cleared after a Russian missile strike. Among those injured were journalists, including a film crew from Reuters. Citizens of Ukraine, America and Britain. President Met with Winners and Medalists of the Summer Olympic Games in Paris and Presented Them with State Awards 24 August 2024 - 19:44 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the winners and medalists of the Olympic Games and their coaches on Independence Day and presented them with state awards. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Held a Telephone Conversation with Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz 24 August 2024 - 17:35 The leaders discussed further funding of defense assistance to Ukraine and the use of frozen assets of the Russian Federation for the needs of our country. Needs on the Frontline, Protection of the Skies and Further Support: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Held Meetings with the President of Poland and the Prime Minister of Lithuania 24 August 2024 - 17:04 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held meetings with President of Poland Andrzej Duda and Prime Minister of Lithuania Ingrida Šimonytė, who visited Ukraine on Independence Day. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska Took Part in the Celebrations on the Occasion of the 33rd Anniversary of Ukraine's Independence 24 August 2024 - 14:19 President of Poland Andrzej Duda and Prime Minister of Lithuania Ingrida Šimonytė arrived to congratulate Ukraine and the Ukrainian people on the holiday. The President Signed the Laws on Support for the Military and Spiritual Independence 24 August 2024 - 13:37 Yesterday, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed the laws of the defense package adopted by the Verkhovna Rada. The Head of State announced this during the celebrations on the occasion of the Independence Day of Ukraine. On Independence Day, a Prayer for Ukraine Was Held at St. Sophia Cathedral 24 August 2024 - 12:05 On the Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the solemn prayer event “Prayer for Ukraine”. A joint prayer for our state was proclaimed by representatives of churches and religious organizations. The President and the First Lady Honored the Memory of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine 24 August 2024 - 11:33 On the Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored the memory of the fallen Ukrainian heroes. Address by Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2024 - 09:01 33 years ago, Ukraine was reborn on the maps of the world, and today Ukraine wins the hearts of the entire world. It inspires with courage. It serves as an example of how not to be afraid of Putin. And it unites the world around its Ukrainian worldview: in the 21st century, terrorists should find their reckoning in The Hague, not comfort in Valday. U.S. President Congratulated Ukraine on National Flag Day and Independence Day 23 August 2024 - 22:40 On National Flag Day and on the eve of Ukraine's Independence Day, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a telephone conversation with U.S. President Joseph Biden. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine