4 captures 21 Sep 2021 - 16 Mar 2025 Mar APR May 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240414052335/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-ne-povinna-pozbuvatisya-najdeshevshoyi-energogenera-63449 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Germany Will Provide Us With Another Patriot System, And We Are Working on an Additional IRIS-T System — Address of the President of Ukraine 13 April 2024 - 20:51 View all videos n latest news Germany Will Provide Us With Another Patriot System, And We Are Working on an Additional IRIS-T System — Address of the President of Ukraine 13 April 2024 - 20:47 The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Call with Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz 13 April 2024 - 16:51 Thanks to You, Everyone in the World Can See the Strength of Our Country — The President Congratulated the Employees of the Defense and Industrial Complex 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Andriy Yermak: Global Support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula Can Facilitate the "All for All" Prisoner Exchange 12 April 2024 - 23:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the Ukraine's Defense and Industrial Complex Employees Day 13 April 2024 - 14:55 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The state should not get rid of the cheapest energy generation in the country - President during a visit to Khmelnytskyi NPP 9 September 2020 - 17:50 As part of a working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Khmelnytskyi nuclear power plant. Currently, the NPP has two power units with a nominal capacity of 1,000 MW each. The first power unit was put into operation in 1987, and the second - in 2004. The President inspected the building structures of the power units and talked to the NPP staff. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was told that the Khmelnytskyi NPP is the largest taxpayer in the region. The total amount of contributions to the budgets of all levels and insurance funds for the eight months of 2020 amounted to UAH 583.7 million, which is 21.6% more than in the same period last year. This year, the Khmelnytskyi NPP generated 8.1 billion kWh of electricity. The NPP is a promising site in Ukraine for the construction of new nuclear power capacities. Due to the fact that in 2030 there will be a need to replace generating capacity, it is necessary to complete KhNPP-3 and KhNPP-4. Currently, their readiness is 75% and 15% respectively. At the same time, a license for over-project operation of power unit №1 has already been obtained. The President was also told that at the state level it is necessary to solve the problem of a comprehensive program of increasing the safety of Ukrainian NPPs. In addition, it is necessary to extend the lifespan of the two operating power units, as well as to build a complex for the processing of industrial radioactive waste at the KhNPP site. "I always wanted to come to our NPPs in Ukraine, to the Khmelnytskyi region, to understand the existing problems and ways to solve them, and to coordinate our efforts so that NPPs see the support of the central government… Also uniting with local authorities," the President told. Today, the Khmelnytskyi NPP employs more than 5,000 workers. During a conversation with the staff of the enterprise Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the state should not get rid of the cheapest energy generation in the country. After all, KhNPP is the achievement of several decades, and it cannot be lost. "We have to work on the establishment of the third and fourth units. It is possible to build in about four or five years. We talk about how to do it faster. I would like us to understand the timescale so that it is safe," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The Head of State also assured that in the conditions of the electricity market, Energoatom will have equal rights with other participants. "It should definitely be so, we agreed on that," the President stressed. ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 9 September 2020 - 13:12 ph Working trip to the Khmelnytskyi region 9 September 2020 - 13:12 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine