4 captures 12 Apr 2023 - 24 Jul 2024 Mar APR May 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230412003231/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-adolfo-urso-rozvitok-ekonomichnoyi-82209 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are now at such a stage of the war, when it is important not to lose a sense of the path we have to overcome - address by the President of Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 22:34 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak and Adolfo Urso discussed the development of economic cooperation between Ukraine and Italy 11 April 2023 - 22:58 We are now at such a stage of the war, when it is important not to lose a sense of the path we have to overcome - address by the President of Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 22:28 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Howard Buffett discussed aid to Ukraine 11 April 2023 - 21:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 11 April 2023 - 16:10 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in Iftar 7 April 2023 - 23:00 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Adolfo Urso discussed the development of economic cooperation between Ukraine and Italy 11 April 2023 - 22:58 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video call with Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy Adolfo Urso to discuss ideas for strengthening economic cooperation between the countries. First Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko and Deputy Head of the Office of the Head of State Rostyslav Shurma also took part in the conversation. Andrii Yermak thanked the Italian people and the Italian government for their support and assistance to Ukraine during this terrible war. "Already today we are thinking about our future, about economic cooperation with our friends and partners. We are extremely interested in investments and cooperation with Italy for the reconstruction of Ukraine, giving our people opportunities to open businesses and create new jobs," he said. In general, the focus of the negotiations was the support for Ukrainian manufacturers and exporters. The parties reached a preliminary agreement on the creation and promotion of the national brand "Made in Ukraine" on the European market with the support of Italian representatives of small and medium-sized enterprises. The parties also discussed the possibilities of developing cooperation between the two countries in the field of light industry through the broader involvement of specialized Ukrainian and Italian industrial associations. First Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Economy of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko emphasized that the Ukrainian light industry is developing even during the war and is reaching a new level. "And we see a huge opportunity for the development of cooperation between Ukrainian and Italian representatives of the fashion industry," she said. For his part, Rostyslav Shurma noted that Ukraine is interesting and promising for Italian entrepreneurs from the point of view of investment in certain industries and extraction of natural resources. The Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy said that the Italian side would like to help with the definition of those goods that can be identified with the national brand of Ukraine, which will contribute to their promotion on the European market. In his opinion, the experience of Italian small and medium-sized enterprises, which are leaders in the production of certain products, can also be useful for Ukraine. Andriy Yermak and Adolfo Urso emphasized that the conference on the recovery of Ukraine scheduled for the end of April this year in Italy would be extremely substantive and filled with meaningful content. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine