1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=21 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Emmanuel Macron in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 14:26 In the framework of his participation in the NATO Summit, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an unscheduled meeting with President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Mark Rutte in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 13:08 During the tete-a-tete and expanded format talks, the parties confirmed the start of a training mission for Ukrainian pilots on F-16 aircraft in August this year and discussed the prospects of attracting new partners to the fighter jet coalition. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Australia in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 13:00 The parties discussed the defense needs of our country and further cooperation in this sphere, particularly the possible expansion of military support by new types of armored vehicles and weapons. Head of State had a meeting with the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 12 July 2023 - 12:42 The leaders discussed Ukraine's defense needs, further cooperation to expand the capabilities of the Ukrainian army on the battlefield, in particular with long-range weapons and, in the future, modern Western aviation. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in Vilnius 12 July 2023 - 12:00 The parties discussed further long-term defense cooperation between Ukraine and Germany, including the functioning of hubs for the repair of Western equipment. President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Canada in the framework of the NATO Summit 12 July 2023 - 11:45 Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked the Canadian Prime Minister for his recent visit to Kyiv and expressed gratitude to Canada and all Canadians for their assistance from the very beginning of the full-scale Russian aggression. Ukrainian flags on Lithuanian streets prove that we are already allies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Vilnius during the event within the "Raising the Flag for Ukraine in NATO" campaign 11 July 2023 - 20:51 The President noted that he believes in the decision of Ukraine's partners, which will make NATO strong and decisive. President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Volyn region 9 July 2023 - 12:50 During a working trip to Volyn region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a coordination meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the region. President takes part in prayer for Ukraine in Lviv 9 July 2023 - 00:07 At the monument to Taras Shevchenko in Lviv, representatives of the clergy and heads of religious organizations served prayers for Ukraine. They prayed for the victory of our state and a just peace. President announces appointment of Hero of Ukraine, Colonel Oleksandr Pivnenko, as commander of National Guard 8 July 2023 - 23:57 Zelenskyy said that Colonel Pivnenko is a strong soldier of the National Guard of Ukraine who distinguished himself in the battles against the Russian invaders, in particular, in the battles for Bakhmut in Donetsk region. 1 2 ... 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine