8 captures 10 Sep 2024 - 15 Oct 2025 Aug SEP Oct 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240910204325/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bachimo-yaki-kroki-planuyut-u-moskvi-i-budemo-diyati-vidpovi-93129 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 View all videos n latest news President Met with UNITED24 Ambassador, Historian Timothy Snyder in Kyiv 10 September 2024 - 20:27 We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 Peace for Ukraine and Just End of this War is Daily and Very Hard Work – President at the Presentation of the New Minister of Foreign Affairs 10 September 2024 - 18:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Introduced the New Minister of Foreign Affairs 10 September 2024 - 17:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We See What Steps Are Planned in Moscow, and We Will Act Accordingly – Address by the President 10 September 2024 - 20:04 Dear Ukrainians! The most important things for today. Intelligence reports of the Defense Intelligence of Ukraine and the Foreign Intelligence Service. Details about the opportunities existing for Ukraine, as well as the threats. We see what steps are planned in Moscow, and we will act accordingly – exactly as tough as necessary for the sake of Ukraine. And I want to say now to anyone in the world who still wants to help Putin in any way: we will do everything not only to defend our state and people, but to really consolidate the world for the sake of strong responses to warmongering or any attempt to prolong the war. Our absolute priority is just peace, and every missile, every drone, and all hostile moves, every attempt to make this war longer and more brutal will inevitably be met with a response from the world. We will ensure the necessary unity of the world – no matter how difficult it is. Today I officially introduced the new Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, Andrii Sybiha. And this, in particular, will be one of his main tasks now – to reconfigure the system of Ukrainian diplomacy in such a way that we, together with our partners, can be much more active in responding to challenges. Ukraine should be fully understood in all partner countries, especially in Europe. Ukraine needs much more substantial relations and cooperation than we have now with the countries of Latin America, with the countries of Africa, and Asia. We must realize the full potential of strategic relations with the United States. And we need a truly strategic level of cooperation with all the countries that are key to their regions but do not yet have strategic relations with Ukraine. It is very important not only to maintain our influence on international platforms, but also to be more active in protecting the interests of our country, our partners, and international law in general. This is true for the UN institutions and all other organizations that can help us add resilience to Ukraine and bring just peace closer. A truly just peace. Among the key priorities of the year is the second Peace Summit, which means maximum active work with all our partners in the groups on the Peace Formula points and on a shared perspective of ending the war. I am grateful to everyone in our Ukrainian diplomatic service who is already working in this way for the sake of our state's priorities, and everyone who does not reach this level should decide whether they really should be in the MFA system. In these tough times of war, Ukrainian diplomats cannot afford to be careless. And one more thing. Today there was a report from the Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi. I thank all our warriors who are holding the front in the Pokrovsk direction, who are holding the Kurakhove direction. Who are really securing our positions. And we are approaching our partners' steps that can help now. The main thing is determination. The determination of Ukrainians is more than sufficient. The determination of our partners must become much more long-ranged. We are also working on logistics – the timely delivery of the announced support packages. Every day is a challenge. Every day is a maximum effort. We will definitely defeat the occupier! I thank everyone who helps! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine