1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051932/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=61 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Voolodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Israel 16 June 2021 - 22:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Naftali Bennett on the formation of the new Israeli government and his appointment to the post of the Prime Minister of the State of Israel. Interview of the President of Ukraine for foreign media 16 June 2021 - 11:23 Full text of the joint interview of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to Agence France-Presse, Reuters and Associated Press. The conversation took place on June 14. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office 15 June 2021 - 18:19 The President noted the attention that the Swedish presidency of the OSCE pays to the issue of restoring the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine and a peaceful settlement in the east of our state. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Privatization is not about the funds the state will receive from the sale, it is about paying taxes monthly, annually 15 June 2021 - 14:55 Ukraine has the political will to carry out large-scale privatization, as the state is an inefficient asset manager. The mechanism of public-private partnership can be applied to strategic enterprises that must remain state-owned. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian TV channels. Ukraine deserves to be an equal member of NATO - President 15 June 2021 - 12:22 Ukraine has a strong army and deserves to be invited and become an equal member of NATO. The North Atlantic Alliance must objectively assess our country's Euro-Atlantic aspirations. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Ukrainian TV channels. President: For the first time since independence, we have taken real action to overcome the influence of oligarchs on the country 15 June 2021 - 11:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy urges to develop a package of legislative initiatives on the basis of his bill on oligarchs to overcome the oligarchic system as soon as possible. The Head of State stated this during a speech at the forum "Ukraine 30. Economy without Oligarchs" in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy will join the work of the Forum "Ukraine 30. Economy without Oligarchs" on June 15 15 June 2021 - 09:01 The Head of State will open the second day of the forum and give an interview to Ukrainian TV channels after his speech. Ukraine continues to move towards NATO membership - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 June 2021 - 21:51 Ukraine commended the decision of the NATO Summit that our country will become a member of the Alliance, and the Membership Action Plan (MAP) is an integral part of this process. "We are grateful to NATO members for such a logical decision, which fully confirmed the decision of the 2008 Bucharest NATO Summit," said President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Ukraine proves every day that it is ready to join NATO - Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a joint interview for foreign media 14 June 2021 - 17:46 Today, Ukraine is closer to receiving the NATO Membership Action Plan (MAP) than ever before. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a joint interview for Agence France-Presse, Reuters and Associated Press. Ukraine has entered the "green" zone even according to EU criteria, the incidence rates are the lowest over the last year - a conference call at the President’s Office 14 June 2021 - 14:21 All regions of Ukraine are in the "green" zone in terms of the incidence of COVID-19, which reached the lowest figures over the last year. This was discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 1 2 ... 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine