16 captures 05 Nov 2021 - 06 Sep 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003065024/https://president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-u-buharesti-obgovoriv-yevroatlantichni-perspekt-71437 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:32 View all videos n latest news It is only here in Ukraine that international law can prevail, and it will – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 October 2023 - 22:29 President of Ukraine received the Minister of Defense of Estonia 2 October 2023 - 20:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of the Government of Spain 2 October 2023 - 19:42 Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented shoulder boards to Ukrainian military and law enforcement officers 2 October 2023 - 19:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 14:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva in Bucharest discussed Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic prospects and the development of Ukrainian-Romanian relations 4 November 2021 - 19:56 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva, who was on a visit to Romania on November 3-4, held working consultations with State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of this country Dănuţ-Sebastian Neculaescu. During the meeting, the diplomats paid considerable attention to the development of the security situation in eastern Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Romania for its continued support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state and drew attention to the constant violations of the ceasefire by the Russian occupation forces, which lead to an increase in the number of Ukrainian soldiers killed. It was also emphasized that shipping was restricted in certain areas of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov. Ihor Zhovkva thanked the Romanian side for participating in the Crimea Platform Summit and called for active further participation in the activities of this international mechanism. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the realization of Ukraine's European aspirations. "I expect that Romania will be one of the next EU states to recognize Ukraine's European perspective," said Ihor Zhovkva. The interlocutors agreed to intensify work on a respective draft bilateral political declaration. The parties discussed in detail topical issues of energy security in the region. Ihor Zhovkva informed the Romanian side about the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to launch a regional platform to strengthen energy security. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President confirmed the invariability of Ukraine's strategic course towards Euro-Atlantic integration and thanked Romania for the support of our state on this path. The Ukrainian side expressed readiness to further deepen security cooperation in the framework of the NATO Enhanced Opportunities Program. The interlocutors noted positive trends in bilateral cooperation, in particular in the trade and economic direction. "The implementation of bilateral infrastructure projects will also contribute to the recovery of economies," said Ihor Zhovkva. In this regard, the parties praised the launch of the ferry across the Danube Orlivka - Isaccea and the intensification of work on the construction of a bridge across the Tisza near the settlements of Bila Tserkva (Ukraine) and Sighetu Marmației (Romania). In Bucharest, the Deputy Head of the Office of the President also met with Acting Director of the Department of Defense Policy and International Relations of the Romanian Ministry of National Defense Mihai Iancu. The parties focused on Ukraine's relations with the European Union and NATO, the situation in Donbas and the temporarily occupied Crimea. Coordination of further actions to ensure security in the Black Sea was discussed separately. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine