1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072133/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=43 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The President presented state awards to the participants of the Crimea Platform summit 23 August 2021 - 22:52 After the first summit of the Crimea Platform, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked its participants for their support of Ukraine and presented high state awards to them. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Prime Minister of Sweden 23 August 2021 - 21:52 During the meeting with Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Löfven, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked him for participating in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform and constantly supporting the sovereignty and territorial integrity of our country. President of Ukraine and the President of the European Council discussed further cooperation within the Crimea Platform 23 August 2021 - 21:41 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel who is on a visit to our country to participate in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Poland Andrzej Duda 23 August 2021 - 21:09 On the sidelines of the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda. President of Ukraine and the participants of the Crimea Platform summit watched the initiative's head office in Kyiv 23 August 2021 - 20:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the participants of the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform visited the head office of this initiative, which will operate in Kyiv. President of Ukraine held talks with the President of Latvia after the Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2021 - 18:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of Latvia Egils Levits after the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. Crimea Platform. Declaration 23 August 2021 - 16:19 The participants welcome necessary joint diplomatic efforts aimed at restoring Ukraine’s territorial integrity within its internationally recognized borders. President of Ukraine invited Russia to sign the declaration of the Crimea Platform condemning the annexation of the peninsula 23 August 2021 - 15:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy invites the Russian Federation to join the Crimea Platform to jointly work out ways to deoccupy Crimea and correct a historical mistake. The joint declaration of the participants of the Crimea Platform will be open for joining by other countries - President 23 August 2021 - 13:57 Following the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform, a joint declaration will be signed, which will be open for joining by other states and create a solid political basis for further work. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his speech at the opening of the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform. Occupation of Crimea began in Moscow, deoccupation began in Kyiv - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the summit of the Crimea Platform 23 August 2021 - 13:46 Only by joint efforts is it possible to work out effective actions and achieve the deoccupation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine