11 captures 28 Jul 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 28 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230728192150/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/gotuyemo-dovoli-vagomi-mizhnarodni-rishennya-dlya-ukrayini-d-84577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:50 View all videos n latest news We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:48 President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar 28 July 2023 - 16:51 President on the occasion of the Day of Ukrainian Statehood: Our statehood is our response to the need for security and peace for Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 11:52 Today, I had the honor to congratulate doctors and nurses, frontline medics on their professional holiday; I am grateful to everyone on whom the life of Ukraine depends - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 July 2023 - 22:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood 28 July 2023 - 12:11 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We are preparing quite important international decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors – address of President of Ukraine 28 July 2023 - 18:48 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you good health! Today was an important and good day. In the morning on the occasion of Statehood Day, I had the honor to congratulate and award our defenders. Gold Stars to Heroes of Ukraine, Crosses of Combat Merit, orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky, orders For Courage... I also had the honor of presenting honored marks of distinction to combat brigades and border units. Happy that we have such warriors. I also handed over passports of citizens of Ukraine to our young boys and girls. Among them are the children of our soldiers, the children of our fallen heroes... Children. The state can and should open absolutely all opportunities for them to live in a dignified, civilized, and safe way. Live freely! For each new generation of Ukrainian men and women. And I really believe in these new generations, in our children. And I am grateful to them for their faith in Ukraine. An important international meeting took place today. The Prime Minister of Qatar was in Kyiv – very fruitful negotiations. Most importantly, Qatar will be with us in implementing the Peace Formula, joins joint global efforts. We agreed on cooperation for the return of Ukrainian children deported to Russia. We discussed the situation surrounding the Black Sea Grain Initiative – it is very important that there are no shortages and crises provoked by Russia on the world food market. It is a matter of global stability. Thanks to Qatar for the responsible position. And one more. Our international experts are preparing quite weighty decisions for Ukraine, for our warriors. We are doing our best now, we are doing it not publicly – so that the results of our warriors, which everyone will see, can also become the best. I thank everyone who helps strengthen Ukraine! Thanks to everyone who is in battle now! Congratulations again on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood and the Day of Christianization of Kyivan Rus! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine