5 captures 07 May 2024 - 12 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 07 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240507231840/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/konkretni-propoziciyi-shodo-majbutnogo-chlenstva-ukrayini-v-90741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are Preparing Meetings and Documents That Will Definitely Make It Into the News in the Coming Weeks - Address by the President 7 May 2024 - 22:07 View all videos n latest news Specific Proposals on Ukraine's Future NATO Membership: Yermak-Rasmussen International Group Held a Meeting 7 May 2024 - 23:24 We are Preparing Meetings and Documents That Will Definitely Make It Into the News in the Coming Weeks - Address by the President 7 May 2024 - 22:05 Spain, Belgium, Latvia and Finland Confirmed Their Participation in the Global Peace Summit 7 May 2024 - 19:34 Andriy Yermak Held the Fourth Round of Talks with the U.S. on Bilateral Security Agreement 6 May 2024 - 22:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The President Presented State Awards on Infantry Day 6 May 2024 - 18:30 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Specific Proposals on Ukraine's Future NATO Membership: Yermak-Rasmussen International Group Held a Meeting 7 May 2024 - 23:24 The Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and the Secretary General of NATO in 2009-2014 Anders Fogh Rasmussen held an online regular meeting of the International Working Group on security issues and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine. The participants discussed the draft report of the International Working Group, which contains a detailed justification and specific proposals for Ukraine's future membership in NATO, ensuring sustainable peace and deterring the aggressor country. The report will be made public in the near future. Andriy Yermak also spoke about the preparations for the inaugural Peace Summit that will take place in Switzerland this June. “The summit is aimed at creating a platform to discuss different views on the peace process and at giving a high-level political start to the preparation of a joint peace foundation that should restore peace in Ukraine. Based on all the discussions held earlier, we want to develop a joint peace plan supported by all the countries,” the Head of the Presidential Office said. He emphasized the importance of involving as many countries as possible, including the representatives of the Global South, in the Global Peace Summit. Andriy Yermak urged the members of the International Working Group to spread the idea of supporting the Summit and to encourage state leaders’ participation in it. The Head of the Presidential Office informed the participants about the situation on the battlefield and the specific defense needs of our country, he also noted the importance of security agreements that Ukraine concludes with partner countries. Anders Fogh Rasmussen stated that the draft report of the International Working Group demonstrates strong support for the Ukrainian course towards NATO membership. According to him, the document contains specific proposals regarding our country's future membership in the Alliance as a key commitment to the security of Ukraine and the Euro-Atlantic region. “Strong and clear decisions at the Washington Summit will be extremely important. They will provide good motivation for our people. We truly want NATO's unity to be exceptionally strong. Thank you very much for your help and support,” the Head of the Presidential Office said. The meeting was attended by the former President of Poland Aleksander Kwaśniewski, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Boris Johnson, the former Prime Minister of Finland Sanna Marin, the former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others. The Ukrainian side was represented by the Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva and the Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Oleksandr Bevz. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine