6 captures 01 Apr 2024 - 18 Feb 2025 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403142318/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhna-istoriya-nashih-voyiniv-udostoyenih-zvannya-geroya-uk-89985 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos n latest news Air defense, defense co-production, and Ukraine's path to the EU and NATO: meeting between the President of Ukraine and the President of Finland 3 April 2024 - 15:29 Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Republic of Finland 3 April 2024 - 14:17 Security commitments and long-term support: Ukraine and Finland have signed a security agreement 3 April 2024 - 14:16 President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Japan 3 April 2024 - 12:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Every story of our warriors who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine is the pride of our state – President at the presentation of the Golden Star Orders to the warriors 1 April 2024 - 17:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Orders of the Golden Star to the defenders who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine and to the families of the fallen warriors who were posthumously conferred this title. The ceremony took place in the White Hall of Heroes of Ukraine at the Mariyinsky Palace in Kyiv. The Head of State emphasized that Ukraine continues the tradition of gratitude to its best warriors, those who distinguished themselves with the greatest courage and heroism in the battles for the sake of Ukraine. “Every story of our warriors who were conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine is the pride of our state. And it will always be so. These are people who have shown the power of their own will to preserve Ukraine's freedom," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President emphasized that such brave warriors are an honor for the state. He thanked the parents of Ukrainian Heroes for raising such children. "I thank you all for Ukraine's independence. We must always honor the courage of our people who gave their lives for the sake of our country and people. May their memory always be blessed," the Head of State emphasized. The attendees observed a minute of silence in memory of all those who died for the freedom and independence of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Golden Star of the Hero of Ukraine to Captain Oleksandr Nastenko, whose unit carried out offensive operations in Donetsk region. During the battles in November 2023, the captain was the first to reach the enemy's positions and destroyed the enemy. Thanks to the skillful actions of Oleksandr Nastenko, his unit took over enemy positions. Captain Eduard Sabanin was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine and the Golden Star Order. Between March and October 2023, the unit under his command destroyed and neutralized 52 tanks and other armored vehicles of the occupiers. During the battles in Luhansk region, the captain was seriously wounded, but despite this, he evacuated his brothers-in-arms from under fire and provided first aid to a wounded warrior. The President awarded the Golden Star of the Hero of Ukraine to Sergeant Oleh Fedorov, who took part in the battles in Kherson region as part of an armored group. As a result of coordinated actions, the Russian occupiers were driven out of the village of Sadky. In November 2022, a combat vehicle under the command of Oleh Fedorov captured a position on the bank of the Dnipro River near the village of Kozatske, cutting off the occupiers' safe escape routes. The President also handed over the Order of the Golden Star to the father of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Lieutenant Oleh Buyalo, who defended Ukraine in Donetsk region. Thanks to the competent and decisive actions of Oleh Buyalo, the village of Novodonetske was liberated from the occupiers. On June 13, 2023, the enemy launched a massive artillery attack on the positions of his unit, as a result of which Oleh Buyalo was killed. The Golden Star was awarded to the family of Junior Sergeant Vitalii Derekh, who was posthumously awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine. In May 2022, the crew of the Skif (Stugna-P) ATGM under the command of the Junior Sergeant destroyed 15 units of Russian invaders' vehicles. As a result of an enemy attack on May 28, 2022, Vitalii Derekh was killed in a combat position. The Head of State handed over the Golden Star of the Hero of Ukraine to the family of Captain Bohdan Dobrobabenko. In 2022, the unit under his command took over the enemy's advanced positions in Kherson region and ensured the advance of other units. Thanks to his skillful actions, the settlements of Ivanivka and Tryfonivka were de-occupied. In October 2022, during the liberation of Pyatykhatky in Kherson region, the Captain destroyed an enemy armored vehicle and a group of Russian infantry, but in the battle the Captain came under massive artillery fire and died heroically. The Order was presented by the President to the family of the Hero of Ukraine Junior Sergeant Oleksandr Kavun, who participated in the liberation of Kupyansk in Kharkiv region, as well as Stelmakhivka and Novoselivske in Luhansk region. On May 13, 2023, during a massive enemy assault, the Junior Sergeant came to the aid of the units that were fighting, and despite heavy shelling, helped clear the rubble and provide first aid to the wounded. Oleksandr Kavun sustained a concussion and shrapnel wound, but refused to be evacuated and continued to perform his combat mission. As a result of an artillery mine explosion, the Junior Sergeant sustained a fatal injury. The President handed over the Golden Star to the family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Captain Bohdan Kalahurskyi, who fought for Ukraine from the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion. In August 2022, the commander of a mechanized company held back an enemy assault on Ukrainian positions in Mykolaiv region, where he was fatally wounded. The family of Captain Serhiy Korol, who was awarded the highest title posthumously, also received the Golden Star. In 2023, the rifle company commander participated in repelling an assault in Kharkiv region. In a battle that lasted almost six hours, the captain was wounded and died heroically. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Order to the family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Captain Ivan Krymskyi, who had been defending the country since 2020. In May 2022, in Donetsk region, the Captain and his unit engaged in a battle with an enemy subversive reconnaissance group that surrounded a Ukrainian position, pushed the enemy back and managed to evacuate the wounded. Unfortunately, on the same day, the assault group came under enemy mortar fire, as a result of which Ivan Krymskyi was mortally wounded. The President also presented the Order to the family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Staff Petty Officer Mykhailo Maksiyan, who repeatedly participated in repelling enemy attacks, as well as in delivering aid to the defenders of Mariupol and liberating the occupied Ukrainian territories. The Staff Petty Officer was killed in January 2023 while performing a combat mission in Zaporizhzhia region. The Order of the Golden Star was awarded to the family of the Hero of Ukraine, Junior Sergeant Oleksii Myrshavyi, who was conferred this title posthumously. In November 2022, during an offensive in Luhansk region, he was wounded, but continued to fight and ensured the withdrawal of the Ukrainian group. The Junior Sergeant kept firing at the Russian invaders until he ran out of ammunition, and at the cost of his own life he prevented the enemy from breaking through. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the highest state award to the family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Captain Vitalii Nevinskyi, who had been defending Ukraine since 2017. The Captain repeatedly destroyed the manpower and equipment of the Russian occupiers, but in December 2022, during hostilities, he was mortally wounded. The President also handed over the Order of the Golden Star to the family of tactical aviation pilot Colonel Vladyslav Rykov, who was posthumously conferred the highest title. Since the beginning of Russia's armed aggression, he has flown 385 combat missions, destroyed more than 80 Russian tanks and 65 armored vehicles, 18 command posts and more than 1,300 Russian military. The colonel was killed in February 2024 in Donetsk region as a result of an enemy missile striking his aircraft. The family of Junior Sergeant Oleksandr Romanov received the Golden Star from the President. In 2022, in Kharkiv region, a group under his command unblocked one of the units of the National Guard of Ukraine, but was unable to withdraw in time due to the enemy's superior forces. The Junior Sergeant was wounded, but stayed to cover the group's retreat until his last bullet and breath. The family of the fallen Hero of Ukraine, Lieutenant Denys Samofal, who since mid-March 2022 took part in hostilities in Donbas and Kherson region, successfully destroyed the occupiers' manpower and equipment, also received the Order from the President. In April, during the defense of Kreminna, he was wounded in the leg, but already in October he was involved in a successful offensive in Kherson region, leading a unit during the assault on enemy positions. He was killed on October 15, 2022, near Nova Kamyanka during a Russian tank attack. The Head of State presented the Golden Star to the family members of Senior Soldier Dmytro Shpak, who fell in battle for Ukraine in June 2022 and took an active part in the defense of Severodonetsk and Lysychansk, Luhansk region. Later, he bravely performed special combat missions in Zaporizhzhia region. He repeatedly participated in fire raids on boats in the waters of the Kakhovka Reservoir on the enemy's coastal positions risking his life. In November 2022, during one of these operations, the group engaged in combat with superior enemy forces. While providing fire cover for the group's retreat, Dmytro Shpak sustained a fatal gunshot wound. The Golden Star was also awarded to the parents of Junior Sergeant Artem Saukh, who in the fall of 2022, as part of an assault unit, successfully performed combat missions in Mayorske, Donetsk region, and since December has courageously participated in the defense of Bakhmut. In March 2023, while rescuing a seriously wounded brother-in-arms under heavy enemy mortar fire, he sustained a fatal shrapnel wound. National Guard Colonel Andriy Pryimachenko, who in April 2022 distinguished himself with courageous and heroic actions in fierce battles in Izyum sector, has been posthumously conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine. Last year, he fought in Avdiivka, near the village of Vesele in Donetsk region and near Vuhledar. In October, a group led by Andriy Pryimachenko destroyed two Russian armored vehicles with their crews, but the Colonel was killed during an enemy artillery attack. The family of National Guard Lieutenant Colonel Ihor Demchuk, who was posthumously conferred the title of Hero of Ukraine, also received the Golden Star. At the end of March 2022, he participated in the liberation of the village of Yahidne in Chernihiv region. The group under his leadership captured two enemy T-72 tanks, which were later handed over to the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The Lieutenant Colonel also fought in the area of Severodonetsk, Vuhledar, and Urozhayne, destroying many enemy vehicles and soldiers. In August 2023, during a battle, the Russian invaders opened artillery fire on the positions of the National Guard, combined with an aerial strike. Ihor Demchuk was killed by an enemy aerial bomb. v Videos ph President awarded the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and the families of the fallen Heroes 1 April 2024 - 17:46 ph President awarded the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and the families of the fallen Heroes 1 April 2024 - 17:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine