1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013136/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=67 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukrainian society expects justice - President during the participation in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 15:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court and congratulated the judges on the professional holiday - Court Employees' Day. President had a phone call with the President of the IOC 14 December 2022 - 18:43 Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed disappointment with the presence of the president of the Russian Olympic Committee at the IOC summit on November 9 and with the intentions to return Russian and Belarusian athletes to international competitions under a neutral flag. The people of Ukraine and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy became laureates of the Sakharov Prize 14 December 2022 - 17:25 The award was presented during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Strasbourg. The President of Ukraine took part in the ceremony online. President held another meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 14 December 2022 - 13:22 The latest actions of the enemy and ways of countering them were analyzed. Special attention was paid to ensuring security at the state border of Ukraine. Work continued on issues of strengthening our country's air defense and anti-missile defense, as well as protection of energy infrastructure. President paid tribute to the liquidators of the accident at the Chornobyl NPP 14 December 2022 - 09:21 On the Day of commemoration of the participants in the liquidation of the consequences of the accident at the Chornobyl NPP, a basket of flowers was placed on behalf of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the "Warriors of Chornobyl" memorial in the city of Kyiv. The Ground Forces of the Ukrainian Armed Forces are the backbone of our defense and the army's movement towards the liberation of Ukrainian land - President during the presentation of state awards 12 December 2022 - 17:05 On the occasion of the Day of the Ground Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented military personnel with high state awards and conferred military ranks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Joseph Biden 12 December 2022 - 00:29 The President of Ukraine thanked the U.S. Leader for confirming his readiness to support Ukraine as long as necessary, as well as for the clear and consistent commitment of the United States to the principle of sovereignty and territorial integrity of our state within internationally recognized borders. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Slovak Republic headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Slovakia 8 December 2022 - 19:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic Rastislav Káčer, Minister of Defense of the Slovak Republic Jaroslav Naď and Minister of Economy of the Slovak Republic Karel Hirman who are on a visit to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was designated as the most influential person of the year in Europe according to Politico 8 December 2022 - 12:22 The article dedicated to the Ukrainian President emphasizes that today Europe not only trusts Volodymyr Zelenskyy, but also admires him and follows his example. President held the regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 7 December 2022 - 14:52 The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces and the commanders of the troops of the operational directions reported on the current situation on the frontline and the provision of the units of the defense forces with weapons and ammunition. 1 2 ... 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine