1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013133/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=68 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – On the occasion of the Day of the Armed Forces, the Head of State awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine, presented battle flags, honorary titles and ribbons of the Presidential honorary award 6 December 2022 - 23:48 The Head of State wished everyone present victory, which they and the entire Ukrainian people deserve. After returning from the east, the President of Ukraine visited the wounded defenders in one of the Kyiv medical facilities 6 December 2022 - 23:27 After returning from a working trip to the Donetsk and Kharkiv regions, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the wounded defenders who are being treated in one of the Kyiv medical facilities and congratulated them on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. President awarded servicemen who distinguished themselves during the battles in the Kharkiv region 6 December 2022 - 17:57 On the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Ukrainian military who courageously and selflessly defended the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine in the Kharkiv region during the large-scale invasion of Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the Kharkiv region and presented state awards to combat medics 6 December 2022 - 17:16 During a working trip to the Kharkiv region on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited a medical facility where wounded servicemen are treated. On the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the President met with the Ukrainian military in Donbas and presented them with state awards 6 December 2022 - 12:18 "I am honored to be with you here in Donbas today. Allow me to congratulate you on your holiday and the great holiday of our entire state - the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. I wish you strength to heroically defend our state, as you are doing now," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, addressing the defenders of Ukraine. President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Montenegro signed the Joint Declaration on the Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine 5 December 2022 - 20:17 It defines the priority areas of cooperation between Ukraine and Montenegro within the strategic course of our country to acquire full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. Today, the first ship within the “Grain from Ukraine” humanitarian program delivered 25 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat to Ethiopia 3 December 2022 - 23:58 The first ship within the Ukrainian humanitarian program "Grain from Ukraine" arrived at the Port of Doraleh on December 3, delivering 25 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat for Ethiopia. President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the "The World of Skovoroda" exhibition, which opened in the National Center Ukrainian House on the occasion of the 300th anniversary of the birth of the outstanding Ukrainian thinker and writer Hryhorii Skovoroda, which is celebrated on December 3. President holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 3 December 2022 - 16:12 The participants listened to reports on the operational situation at the front and how to counter the enemy. Separately the pace of restoration of damaged military equipment and provision of defense forces with weapons and ammunition was analyzed. Today we honor with awards those who personify Ukrainian resilience – President at meeting with defenders released from captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:28 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity, and presented state awards. 1 2 ... 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine