7 captures 26 Sep 2020 - 21 Apr 2025 Mar APR May 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220403092428/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pidtrimka-vashih-derzhav-ta-yes-ye-vazhlivoyu-dlya-ukrayini-63897 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Do everything you can for us to withstand together in this war for our freedom and independence - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 April 2022 - 00:08 View all videos n latest news Do everything you can for us to withstand together in this war for our freedom and independence - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 April 2022 - 00:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the development of the Ukrainian economy in wartime 2 April 2022 - 16:05 Europe has no right to react in silence to what is happening with our Mariupol - address by the President of Ukraine 2 April 2022 - 01:17 President of Ukraine met with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola in Kyiv 2 April 2022 - 00:36 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of the European Parliament 1 April 2022 - 21:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Support of your states and the EU is important for Ukraine - President at the meeting with ambassadors of G7 and EU 23 September 2020 - 20:55 In Mykolaiv, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with ambassadors of the G7 and European Union countries accredited in Ukraine. The Head of State noted that although his personal meeting with representatives of the G7 countries and European institutions was in March, the Office of the President maintained a constant dialogue on all issues. "Support from your countries and the EU is key for Ukraine. That is why I want to constantly maintain this dialogue in order to hear you and share my vision of political life and strategy of further transformations in the country,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President noted that he was pleased to hold this meeting during the “Joint Efforts - 2020” exercise, which he considered important in the context of Ukraine gaining the status of NATO Enhanced Opportunities Partner. The President informed the participants of the meeting about the state and prospects of implementation of key reforms, the situation with the anticorruption bodies, the NBU, and the preparations for the local elections. The Head of State assured that the country's course would remain unchanged. "The European choice is unchanged for our country. It forms the agenda of political and economic transformations in Ukraine," he said. Regarding the economic prospects of the country, the President stressed that the government seeks to lay the foundations for sustainable dynamic development of Ukraine, job creation, modernization of infrastructure, restoration of the industrial base, attracting investment. "Currently, the efforts of the government and the Verkhovna Rada are aimed at supporting the economy during the crisis, attracting investment and modernizing those industries in which Ukraine retains its potential. We are interested in foreign investment and are working to create comfortable working conditions for investors. My priority is to systematically improve the investment climate," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President also noted that he stands for maintaining the independence of the National Bank of Ukraine and pays attention to the continuation of the banking sector reform. The President called the independence of anti-corruption bodies no less important. He assured that his position is that all procedures for selection of members of contest committees and competitions for the positions of heads of anticorruption bodies, in particular SAP and NABU, should be conducted in accordance with the procedure established by law, transparently and under public control. "As a guarantor of the Constitution, I am ready to defend and ensure the independence and transparency of the work of SAP, NABU, HACC. At the same time, I will demand ensuring the right of Ukrainian citizens to see the effective work of these bodies," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine