9 captures 03 Apr 2024 - 05 Sep 2025 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud Outlinks A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403023826/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cerkva-maye-vpliv-na-suspilstvo-ta-lideriv-tomu-vazhlivij-di-90001 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian and Swiss sides coordinated preparations for the Global Peace Summit 2 April 2024 - 20:20 The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:55 President at the meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches: The Church has influence on society and leaders, therefore, foreign dialogue is important 2 April 2024 - 17:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska visited the "Alla Horska. Boryviter" exhibition in Kyiv 2 April 2024 - 15:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches 2 April 2024 - 16:34 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President at the meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches: The Church has influence on society and leaders, therefore, foreign dialogue is important 2 April 2024 - 17:41 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the Protestant and Roman Catholic churches living in Ukraine. The Head of State congratulated them on Easter and wished them Ukraine's victory in the war against Russian occupiers. "It will definitely be achieved thanks to our warriors, our people and your sincere prayers," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said and thanked the clergy for supporting the faithful in this difficult time. "It is very important that people have the opportunity to come, talk to you, and pray. I would also like to express gratitude for the service of our military chaplains. Thanks to you, our men and women at the front have the opportunity to communicate and feel your support," the President noted and added that it is important to reinforce the chaplaincy service with representatives of different churches. The clergy proposed to Volodymyr Zelenskyy to initiate a nationwide prayer breakfast. The President supported this idea. The Head of State also noted the importance of communication between churches of different countries. "I would like to ask you to communicate with each other not only here, within our country, but also abroad. This dialogue is very important for us now. After all, the church has a great influence on society, on state leaders. And so this is a very important signal for us regarding the support of our partners," he emphasized. Valerii Antoniuk, Head of the All-Ukrainian Union of the Churches of Evangelical Christians-Baptists and member of the All-Ukrainian Council of Churches and Religious Organizations, noted the importance of religious freedom in Ukraine. According to him, this is evidenced, in particular, by an effective partnership with the American community. Among other things, they organize prayer breakfasts, which provide an opportunity to share information about what is happening in Ukraine. "We must not only continue to advocate for Ukraine, but also raise this issue at all possible levels. We are planning a series of meetings abroad to talk about the real state of affairs in Ukraine. We believe that it is important to convey the truth to the international community today. We are not just concerned about this – it is our pain," said Valerii Antoniuk. ph President's meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches 2 April 2024 - 16:34 ph President's meeting with representatives of Protestant and Roman Catholic churches 2 April 2024 - 16:34 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine