4 captures 26 Aug 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220826181551/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-prezentuvala-nizku-ukrayinomovnih-audiogidiv-u-v-77337 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news First Lady presents several Ukrainian-language audio guides at world tourist attractions 26 August 2022 - 19:19 Andriy Yermak spoke with American director Bryan Fogel who plans to make a film about the war in Ukraine 26 August 2022 - 17:29 Ihor Zhovkva met with the leadership of the committees of the parliaments of Finland and the Baltic countries 26 August 2022 - 12:42 Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 24 August 2022 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady presents several Ukrainian-language audio guides at world tourist attractions 26 August 2022 - 19:19 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska spoke about the launch of four audio guides in the Ukrainian language at world tourist attractions. With the help of video communication, she participated in the launch of the Ukrainian audio guide in the Schönbrunn Palace. It has 1,441 rooms and a palace park and is one of Austria's most important cultural heritage and the most visited tourist attraction in Vienna. An audio guide in Ukrainian in Schönbrunn is another implementation of the President's wife's project to spread the Ukrainian language in museums and monuments of the world. Zelenska is convinced that the full-scale Russian invasion of our country has made the initiative even more urgent. "The most valuable thing for us is our people. They are Ukraine. We really would like our compatriots to feel the presence of the homeland, wherever they are staying. Ukraine and the civilized world share a common language – the language of art and culture. While Russia speaks the language of destruction, we speak the language of civilization and preservation of the most precious," she said during a video broadcast from Kyiv. The first lady thanked Director of Schönbrunn Group Klaus Panholzer, the Ministry of Labour of Austria and personally its head Martin Kocher, as well as the Embassy of Ukraine in the Republic of Austria for the implementation of the project. Also, these days, as part of Zelenska's initiative, a Ukrainian audio guide became operational in the National Museum of the Czech Republic. Its launch was made possible thanks to the fruitful cooperation of the Czech National Museum, the Embassy of Ukraine in the Czech Republic and the Dmytro Yavornytsky National Historical Museum in Dnipro. Audio guides in Ukrainian are available in Edinburgh Castle – a medieval fortress located on the Castle Rock in the capital of Scotland, and in the Immigration Museum of the State of São Paulo (Brazil). This museum is located in the immigrant dormitory building. It was opened to collect and preserve documents and memorabilia of people who arrived in Brazil. From 1882 to 1978, representatives of more than 60 nationalities, including Ukrainians, came to the city. Zelenska said that the project to create Ukrainian audio guides will continue, because in the conditions of Russian aggression, this is no longer just a tourist option, but a civilization front where language and culture win. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine