6 captures 30 May 2024 - 20 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 30 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240530003913/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-zustrivsya-z-ministrom-oboroni-ssh-87557 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia Is No Longer in a Position to Disrupt the Global Peace Summit, Although It Is Trying Hard to Do So – the Address by the President 29 May 2024 - 20:32 View all videos n latest news Russia Is No Longer in a Position to Disrupt the Global Peace Summit, Although It Is Trying Hard to Do So – the Address by the President 29 May 2024 - 20:29 Ukraine and Chile Deepen Their Cooperation to Return Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 29 May 2024 - 13:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the President of Portugal 28 May 2024 - 22:50 Portugal's Participation in Defense Initiatives Helps Ukraine Withstand Russian Strikes – the President 28 May 2024 - 21:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Portugal 28 May 2024 - 18:50 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the Presidential Office met with the U.S. Secretary of Defense 7 December 2023 - 11:13 As part of the visit to the United States, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Minister of Defense of Ukraine Rustem Umerov had a meeting with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. Andriy Yermak thanked for the unprecedented defense assistance provided by the United States to combat Russian aggression, which has already reached almost $45 billion. The Head of the President's Office emphasized the utmost importance of the USA – Ukraine Defense Industrial Base Conference held in Washington on December 5-6. "I hope that this conference will be a starting point for active bilateral military-technical cooperation. We will provide all necessary support to American businesses willing to come to Ukraine," he said. Ukraine's Defense Minister Rustem Umerov said: "We need a powerful defense coalition to unite our efforts in the fight against Russian terror." The members of the Ukrainian delegation briefed Lloyd Austin on the situation on the battlefield and the urgent needs of Ukrainian defenders, including armored vehicles, demining vehicles, artillery systems and munitions, long-range missiles, and combat aircraft. Special attention was paid to the need to build a system of fortifications. The importance of further strengthening Ukraine's air defense to protect Ukrainian cities, critical infrastructure, and grain corridor routes was also emphasized. Rustem Umerov said: "The future of Ukraine lies in NATO. Therefore, our goal and task is to bring the Defense Forces in line with the principles and standards of the Alliance." ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 ph Visit of Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak to the U.S. as part of the Ukrainian delegation 6 December 2023 - 14:01 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine