7 captures 13 Oct 2021 - 24 Jun 2024 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072313/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-vikonannya-domovlenostej-mizh-volodimirom-zelenskim-ta-an-70241 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In pursuance of the agreements between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel, a memorandum of cooperation was signed on "green" hydrogen production 22 August 2021 - 20:11 In pursuance of the agreements between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Federal Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, a memorandum of cooperation in the hydrogen economy sector was signed between Naftogaz of Ukraine and the German energy company RWE (Rheinisch-Westfälisches Elektrizitätswerk). This document was signed in the context of the visit of the Federal Chancellor to Ukraine and in pursuance of the agreements on joint development of the hydrogen economy reached between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel during the meeting in Berlin in July 2021. Following the talks in Kyiv, the President of Ukraine said that the Ukrainian state has an ambitious plan for "green" transformation. "We have invited the German party to join the implementation of this important plan for us," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. According to him, Ukraine supports the ambitions of the European Union to move to climate-neutral development by 2050 within the European Green Course. "This memorandum concerns cooperation in the field of hydrogen economy. Naftogaz sees great prospects for Ukraine in this area. In particular, this applies to the production of "green" hydrogen - hydrogen, which is produced from renewable energy sources, as well as storage and consumption of hydrogen," said Board Chairman of NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine Yuri Vitrenko at a briefing. In addition, according to him, this document opens up prospects for the export of "green" hydrogen to the European market, in particular to Germany. Both the existing pipeline network and alternative means, in particular ammonia transport vessels, can be used for this purpose. The pilot project envisages delivery by ships in the form of "green" ammonia. There are also opportunities for commercial sales of Ukrainian "green" hydrogen in European markets, with a focus on existing markets. In addition, the memorandum provides for opportunities for the development of renewable energy projects on the shelf and coast. NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine and German RWE have long been cooperating in the field of gas storage in Ukrainian gas storage facilities. NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine also periodically buys gas from this company. The working groups of NJSC Naftogaz of Ukraine and RWE will start joint work in the framework of the memorandum in September this year. At the same time, the President of Ukraine stressed that cooperation in the hydrogen economy sector does not compensate for the losses of Ukraine from the possible launch of Nord Stream 2 in the short term. Instead, maintaining the transit of gas through the Ukrainian GTS after 2024 will allow our country to finance the "green transition", which will reduce the dependence of Ukraine's economy on natural gas. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine