2 captures 01 Sep 2020 - 10 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220310021649/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-hochemo-povernuti-derzhavi-industrialnu-slavu-i-ce-nemozh-63089 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:59 View all videos n latest news Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:56 Andriy Yermak: We are collecting all the facts about Russia's crimes and human rights violations in Ukraine, which will then be used in international courts 9 March 2022 - 23:17 Ukrainians withstood and inspired the whole world with their determination - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 12:34 Ukraine calls on Russia to observe ceasefire commitments where humanitarian corridors will work on March 9 - Iryna Vereshchuk 9 March 2022 - 11:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery “Free Sky” artistic action in support of the call of the nation and the President of Ukraine to the world leaders as regards closing the sky 9 March 2022 - 14:44 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We want to return industrial glory to the state, and it is impossible to do without educated industrialists - President at the presentation of measures for the development of vocational education in Ukraine 27 August 2020 - 13:39 During a working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the state educational institution "Kryvyi Rih Training and Retraining Center for Construction Workers", where measures to develop vocational education in Ukraine were presented to him. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that until recently no one in our country was interested in the topic of personnel training for the state. And the current government is changing that. In accordance with the President's decree, the government is preparing a number of measures for the development of higher education in Ukraine. At the same time, no less important topic is professional education, the Head of State said. "Today our priority is the revival of Ukrainian industry. I was born in Kryvyi Rih. We understand what industry is. We understand that the industry feeds the city and provides jobs," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President of Ukraine believes that a new approach to the state policy in the field of industry should be implemented. After all, there is a very powerful potential throughout the country, which is almost lost. "We really want to bring back Ukraine's industrial glory. I believe that we have every opportunity for that. And it is impossible to do that without staff, without professional people, without our Ukrainians - educated industrialists," the President said. Separately, the Head of State noted that at present the problem of availability of jobs in our country is more pressing than wages of workers: wages are quite high at enterprises. The destruction of jobs and our strategic enterprises that compete on the world market was Ukraine's policy before, the President stressed. "The profession of workers must become prestigious. We must respect the work of these people. We must understand that these people can really restore Ukraine's industry. Many industries in our country are still underdeveloped or neglected," the President said. Acting Minister of Education and Science Serhiy Shkarlet noted that the crisis in vocational education is caused by certain global factors, including the demographic decline, which is observed both in Ukraine and in the world (the best Ukrainian specialists went abroad to fill the vacancies that appeared), the growth of labor migration, the availability of education abroad, the social demands of young people for the first job, the growing influence of social networks on the prestige of the working profession. Therefore, there is a need to modernize vocational education for sustainable development of society. In this regard, the Ministry of Education and Science presents a plan to modernize vocational education developed pursuant to the initiative of the President of Ukraine. Serhiy Shkarlet noted that to date, 754 vocational education institutions have confirmed their readiness to reform. According to the Minister, the modernization plan envisages the creation of an effective system of management and financing of vocational education institutions, which requires optimization of the existing network of institutions, which has already begun with participation of local authorities and local self-government bodies, and completion of the transfer of institutions from state to municipal ownership. "A new model of governance in the field of vocational education will be proposed at the regional level with the obligatory involvement of all stakeholders," Serhiy Shkarlet said. The plan also envisages updating the educational and social infrastructure of vocational education institutions with the involvement of investments, as only 6% of such institutions have been renovated. "Pursuant to the President's instructions, yesterday, at a regular government meeting, 100 million hryvnias of subvention were redistributed for 21 regional budgets and 8 cities of regional significance for the development of training and qualification centers," the minister said. In addition, the development of public-private partnership in the field of vocational education is envisaged to improve the quality of education by involving employers in training. In particular, it goes about creation of educational and practical centers with the help of businesses which need workers. The plan also envisages the promotion of vocational education and the creation of a flexible system of consulting young people on obtaining such education. After the presentation, the President of Ukraine stressed that the best first step to promote vocational education is to increase scholarships and demonstrate by increasing the number of jobs how children start working in the specialty after graduation. "These should be special contracts, agreements and a register of companies, where people will actually see the increase in the number of jobs. It is necessary for people to see it. And conditions in which children study (are also important - ed.)," the President noted. ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 26 August 2020 - 12:30 ph Working trip to the Dnipropetrovsk region 26 August 2020 - 12:30 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine