1 capture 03 Apr 2024 Mar APR May 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240403142316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=02-04-2023&date-to=02-04-2024&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The air defense systems available in the world cannot just gather dust somewhere in depots when they can save thousands of lives from Russian terror – address by the President 2 April 2024 - 19:56 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting with the President of Finland in Kyiv 3 April 2024 - 13:43 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Justice must become the new global rule supported by the global unity – speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the 3rd Summit for Democracy 20 March 2024 - 17:32 We have proven that we can restore food security, and I invite all of you to join this and other points of our Peace Formula. President of Ukraine and Prime Minister of India discussed support for the Peace Formula and development of bilateral relations 20 March 2024 - 16:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. Today, another "Ramstein" took place; there will be new defense packages, including scarce artillery – address by the President 19 March 2024 - 21:57 I am grateful to all the countries that are genuinely working to give appropriate substance to this priority of ours. Ukraine and Estonia started negotiations on a bilateral security agreement 19 March 2024 - 16:49 The parties began their work on the draft agreement and agreed on a schedule for further negotiations. Olena Zelenska at the Creative Ukraine Forum: We need to speak out about Ukraine, not to be afraid of our voice and ensure it is heard 19 March 2024 - 16:23 First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the VII International Forum "Creative Ukraine". 2024 – Rethinking. Culture. The event aims to demonstrate how a new Ukrainian culture and creative industries are being redefined and born in the crucible of war, and how these industries contribute to Ukraine's fight against Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Charles Michel the next steps on the path of Ukraine's European integration 19 March 2024 - 13:09 On the eve of the European Council meeting, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with President of the European Council Charles Michel. This year we must and will reach the maximum level of Ukrainian defense production throughout the entire period of independence – address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2024 - 19:54 All our actions must be far-sighted, long-range, and as effective as possible to enable all free nations to live on in freedom and security. President of Ukraine met with U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham 18 March 2024 - 17:38 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed the U.S. Senator on the situation on the frontline and the priority needs of the Armed Forces. The President emphasized the critical importance of further provision of military and technical assistance by partners, including air defense systems and missiles. Olena Zelenska: The history of humanity and the human spirit is being told in Ukrainian already in 82 museums around the world 18 March 2024 - 10:48 The Nobel Prize Museum in Stockholm has opened an exhibition "Things that Changed the World" with Ukrainian accompaniment. It features 250 exhibits from the museum's collection donated by Nobel Prize winners. Right now, it is the Ukrainian defense in this war that is determining whether Putin will succeed in expanding the zone of ruins in Europe and the world – address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2024 - 19:59 And in such difficult war conditions, the short range of our army's capabilities is an obvious short-sightedness of some partners. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 188 189 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine