11 captures 21 May 2023 - 13 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230521215703/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/liderstvo-nimechchini-v-zahisti-miru-zdatne-zrobiti-svit-bez-82881 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In Hiroshima, Ukraine was indeed an honored participant in the G7’s work, and the topic of Ukraine was principal – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address. 21 May 2023 - 21:02 View all videos n latest news In Hiroshima, Ukraine was indeed an honored participant in the G7’s work, and the topic of Ukraine was principal – President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address. 21 May 2023 - 21:02 The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on F-16 is the first step towards even more powerful defense of our skies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 May 2023 - 16:18 Everyone in the world must do everything possible to ensure that wars leave only shadows on the stones of history – address by the President of Ukraine to the people of Japan 21 May 2023 - 16:03 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Japan Fumio Kishida 21 May 2023 - 15:13 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The working visit of the Head of State to Japan to participate in the G7 Summit 20 May 2023 - 12:47 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Olaf Scholz in Berlin: Germany's leadership in protecting peace can make the world safer 14 May 2023 - 15:33 During his official visit to Germany, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Federal Chancellor of Germany Olaf Scholz. The Head of State expressed his sincere gratitude to Olaf Scholz and the entire German people for every Ukrainian life that was saved thanks to the support of Germany. "I want to emphasize that Germany's assistance is about protecting lives. The lives of our people in cities and villages, which are reliably protected, in particular, by the air defense systems you have provided. The lives of our soldiers on the battlefield, which are protected by the armored vehicles you have provided. Social life in Ukraine, which is protected by your financial support, which is very important. Ukraine knows how to be grateful and will always be grateful to your country," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a conversation with media representatives following the negotiations with the head of the German government in Berlin. "I believe that your leadership - yours, Olaf, and that of the entire Germany - leadership in the defense of peace can make the world safer. The more we cooperate for peace, the more Germany is a leader in defending peace, the more stability international relations will have," he added. The President of Ukraine emphasized that in order for this war to end with a just and fair peace, for Ukraine and the whole of Europe to be free, and for the territorial integrity and security of all European nations to be guaranteed, we must act now. "This year we can make the aggressor's defeat irreversible. I am grateful for the largest security package for us since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion, amounting to more than 2.7 billion euros. This is a powerful support. These are additional air defense systems and missiles to them, new guns, shells... Everything in this security package will significantly strengthen our defense against Russian terror. Thank you for this!" the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also noted that Germany has earmarked more than 11 billion euros for the current and future years to continue its security support for Ukraine. In addition, Germany's participation in the European Peace Facility is extremely significant. "Today, Germany is second only to the United States in terms of aid. This is very powerful," he said. In the course of the negotiations, the President of Ukraine also informed the German Chancellor of the situation on the frontline and the ability of Ukrainian troops to restore freedom and security. "Ukrainian active actions at the front should and will continue," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. The interlocutors also paid attention to preparations for international events, in particular for the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and strengthening global coordination for the sake of stability and peace in international relations. They also coordinated positions on the eve of the Group of Seven summit to be held in May in Hiroshima, Japan. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olaf Scholz also discussed Ukraine's membership in the European Union and NATO. "Ukraine has always been, is and will be Europe. Therefore, as a democratic state that defends our common values with the blood of our soldiers, we deserve to be part of the European and Euro-Atlantic community. I believe we have proved it," the President of Ukraine said. During the meeting, a Joint Statement on Comprehensive Cooperation was approved, which reflects the level of relations and cooperation between Ukraine and Germany. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also expressed gratitude to every German family, taxpayer, city and federal state for the sincere and rational support for Ukrainians who have taken refuge in Germany to flee Russian military aggression. "Saving lives is saving the world. These words are worth saying today, on Mother's Day. I congratulate every mother, every child, every family on this day," the President of Ukraine said. For his part, the German Chancellor emphasized that Russia's brutal aggression has major geopolitical consequences, but it primarily affects the citizens of Ukraine. He assured of further support for the Ukrainian people. This solidarity continues, it is stable and powerful, Olaf Scholz stated. "The close relations between our countries will last for decades. Given the terrible war, we are working even more closely with you today. We support Ukraine not only in the humanitarian sphere, but also in the political sphere, we support it financially and, of course, we provide military assistance. I have repeated this many times and I say it again today: we will support you for as long as you need us," he assured. The German Chancellor noted that as part of its military assistance to Ukraine, his country provides modern weapons for defense. In particular, Leopard tanks, Marder infantry fighting vehicles, IRIS-T air defense systems, howitzers, multiple launch rocket systems, etc. A new package worth 2.7 billion euros has also been approved recently. Olaf Scholz emphasized that Germany is among the countries that support bringing Russia to justice for war crimes committed in Ukraine. "We read the horrific news, and so it is clear to us that those responsible for this war must be put in the dock. No country in the world has the right to attack another country, no country has the right to kill or abduct children. That is why we stand together, together with our partners, to ensure that Russia is brought to justice for these crimes," the Chancellor summarized. ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 14 May 2023 - 12:53 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Germany 14 May 2023 - 12:53 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine