7 captures 04 Mar 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 04 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240304134122/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-borotisya-za-povne-vidnovlennya-sili-mizhnarodnogo-pr-89313 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos All leaders, all international organizations must respond firmly to Russia's actions – address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2024 - 21:19 View all videos n latest news All leaders, all international organizations must respond firmly to Russia's actions – address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2024 - 21:15 New sanctions against representatives of the aggressor state, introduced by Japan, Australia and New Zealand, take into account the recommendations of the Yermak-McFaul Group 3 March 2024 - 09:33 Delay in supplying weapons to Ukraine and anti-aircraft defense systems to protect our people leads to loss of lives – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 March 2024 - 19:05 Olena Zelenska participated in a Ukraine-UK roundtable discussion on post-war mental health recovery for children and adolescents 1 March 2024 - 19:51 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv region 1 March 2024 - 13:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We must fight for the full restoration of international law in relation to Crimea and any other land – address by the President of Ukraine on the Day of Resistance to the Occupation of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol 26 February 2024 - 13:02 Now I want to address everyone in our country, in our Europe, and in the world whose heart holds a sense of justice, who values justice, and who feels devastated whenever justice is destroyed. Today we recall the events that took place 10 years ago in the Ukrainian Crimea. When our peninsula was stolen by Russia. And when, along with the Russian army of occupation, our Crimea was invaded by humiliation and abuse of people, repression and fear. This cruel war, which is now being waged against Ukraine, was spawned by Russian revanchism precisely when it felt that the world could turn a blind eye to such crimes, such annexations, such abuse of people whose homes are simply taken away. Wars truly end with justice when the evil that gave rise to them is quelled. And that is why a sense of justice and a pursuit of peace must go hand in hand. This requires, in particular, not forgetting about Crimea. Fighting for Crimea. Resisting the evil that Russia brought to Crimea and then tried to spread throughout Ukraine and wants to extend to the lands of other nations. We must step up real counteraction to Russian evil. At all levels. All over the world. We must fight for the people in Crimea and in all other occupied parts of Ukraine. We must fight for the full restoration of international law in relation to Crimea, and therefore, any other land. We must fight for the fundamental right of the Crimean Tatar people, just like any other people, to live in their own home. Winning on each of these points means quelling Russian revanchism, that is, actually ending the war. I am grateful to everyone who does not forget about Crimea, who helps our efforts regarding Crimea. Who helps our warriors. Who fights in Crimea against the occupiers. Who does not give up their souls to Russian evil. Who helps to free people who have been repressed by the Russian regime, who supports these people and preserves their faith – faith in justice, in its power, in Ukraine. The return of all our captives, the return of all those deported from Ukraine, the return of Crimean political prisoners is our absolute priority. And I am grateful to all the countries that help us with this. A lot has changed since February 26, 2014, and everyone is aware of the course of these enormous changes. We can end this war on our Ukrainian terms. We can return our land and people from the occupation. We can bring Russia to justice for what it has done. But for this to happen, we must fight. May victory be the reward for all those who fight for Ukraine and justice. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine