5 captures 10 Mar 2021 - 11 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050840/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-ukrayina-maye-stati-chastinoyu-nato-adzhe-vona-66981 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: Ukraine must become a part of NATO, because today it is an outpost of the struggle for democratic European values 5 March 2021 - 15:50 A sovereign, independent and stable Ukraine, firmly committed to democracy and the rule of law, is the key to Euro-Atlantic security, as stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during an online conversation with experts and journalists organized on Friday by the European Policy Center (Brussels). "Ukraine is at the forefront of defending the civilized democratic world and absolutely deserves to become part of the NATO family. Today, NATO and EU membership are our goals. And the requirements for accession are our roadmap for the reforms we make every day," Andriy Yermak stressed. The Head of the Office of the President believes that gaining the NATO EOP status in June 2020 has brought Ukraine to a whole new level of cooperation in the field of defense and security. "This is a great success. But we are hopeful that the process of Ukraine's accession to NATO will be accelerated as much as possible, because the war for democratic European values is taking place right now. And the outpost of this war is Ukraine. And today Ukrainians die for their European choice, for their democratic choice, and we must not forget about it even for a single moment," he said. According to Andriy Yermak, today Ukraine needs the international and, above all, European community to intensify efforts to achieve peace in Donbas, which every Ukrainian strives for. "And today, the consolidated position of our European partners, international partners, the United States can really yield results," Andriy Yermak said. The Head of the President's Office pointed out that the Trilateral Contact Group is working hard to resolve the situation in Donbas, which is effectively blocked by the Russian Federation and its groups, so virtually no issues are moving forward. "Today is the time to finally say that if you really want to end the war, here is the plan on the table. Our German and French partners are ready to propose clusters or, I would say, logical steps on the basis of which it is possible to create a roadmap for ending the war. This message was delivered. And we are waiting for a response from the Russian Federation. And if they hear it every day, not only from Ukraine, we will be able to achieve the much-needed peace in the center of Europe," Andriy Yermak stressed. He also stated that the current situation with the ceasefire in Donbas is precarious - from time to time there are certain provocations or violations of agreements by the other side. Then Ukraine immediately informs the OSCE representatives in the TCG and engages a mechanism to maintain the ceasefire. The Head of the President's Office noted that the Armed Forces of Ukraine will maintain the regime of silence as much as possible, but if there is an escalation or threats to civilians and the military, the Armed Forces will repel any provocation or attempt to attack Ukrainian positions. "We are moving towards peace, but we are also ready to defend our country," Andriy Yermak summed up. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine