6 captures 25 Aug 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220825105725/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/derzhava-povinna-zrobiti-veteransku-politiku-prioritetom-svo-77197 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There are no such missiles that can break the will of the people who believe in themselves - address by the President of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 23:33 View all videos n latest news There are no such missiles that can break the will of the people who believe in themselves - address by the President of Ukraine 24 August 2022 - 23:29 We all have to make Russia recognize that the inviolability of borders and peace are unconditional values for all nations - speech by the President of Ukraine at the meeting of the UN Security Council 24 August 2022 - 21:21 Russia must be held accountable for the crime of aggression against Ukraine, the corresponding resolution will be submitted for consideration by the 77th session of the UN General Assembly - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 August 2022 - 20:55 President of Ukraine noted the help of the UK Prime Minister and invited him to participate in the cancellation of the postal block dedicated to the 31st anniversary of independence 24 August 2022 - 19:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 24 August 2022 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The state should make veteran policy a priority of its activity - President of Ukraine 22 August 2022 - 16:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the state should make veteran policy a priority of its activity, as respect for our defenders should be felt at all levels of public life. He said this during a speech at the "Defenders. Roll Call" forum , which takes place in the framework of the 5th International Volunteer and Veteran Forum "Ukraine Is Where We Are". The Head of State emphasized that every veteran should feel the gratitude of Ukrainians for his or her feat. He outlined the components that should form the basis of state policy. "Veteran policy is a priority and independent direction of state policy. Not an addition to something, not on the residual principle, but a priority and independent direction," the President emphasized. In his opinion, all the details of the state policy regarding veterans should be determined in cooperation with the veteran community. "Veterans should not only know what is being done for them and about them, but also participate in the development of concrete solutions. So that it is not the official who decides, but the veteran," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President noted that the state and business should do everything possible so that Ukrainian veterans do not lose the feeling that they are needed by the state and society, and have a perspective. "First of all, this means a well-thought-out system of support for veterans during the transition from military to civilian life. No one from the veteran community should be left alone with difficulties, no matter what they are," he emphasized. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, veterans should receive the necessary assistance in obtaining education, employment and starting their own business. "It should be an honor for every employer in Ukraine to have veterans of the war for the independence of Ukraine among its employees," said the President. The Head of State noted that these principles should be followed not only by representatives of the authorities, but also by all Ukrainians. "All elements of veterans' policy need a modern legislative framework, clear coordination of state authorities and local self-government, awareness of business and the public of their part of responsibility in this area," Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced. The President announced that he signed the law that develops the system of transition from military career to civilian life. The Head of State also emphasized the need to solve the problem of housing for servicemen and veterans. "Last year, we set the final solution of this problem as one of the key tasks. And now I not only confirm this task - despite all the difficulties, whatever they may be, I guarantee that we will fulfill it," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President noted that in the framework of the plan for reconstruction and further development of Ukraine, all conditions will be envisaged for clear and transparent provision of housing for Ukrainian military personnel and veterans. The Head of State paid special attention to the system of rehabilitation of former defenders, which should focus on the development and adaptation of a person. "We have to make sure that no one is afraid to talk about their problems because of what they experienced in war. And everyone should get the necessary help," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President said that on the initiative of the First Lady of Ukraine, the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support is being created, which will be aimed in particular at helping veterans. "At the level of the Ministry of Veteran Affairs, relevant initiatives are also being implemented, but there should be more of them, much more, and they should be all-Ukrainian, so that every region of our country has a modern, convenient and effective rehabilitation system," he said. The Head of State also announced that he would give a prize of USD 100,000 for the Medal of Freedom awarded to him by the US National Constitution Center for the reconstruction and renovation of the rehabilitation center in Borodyanka, Kyiv region. The President also plans to make a personal contribution to the development of the veterans' rehabilitation system. "I believe that this award is not for me personally, it is an award for the bravery of the entire Ukrainian people, our Armed Forces, and for the desire of all our people to be free," he said. According to Volodymyr Zelenskyy, society should realize the role of veterans and their feat in the name of all Ukrainians. "The state will do its part in the management, information, and, importantly, educational spheres. It is important to do this every day. But this requires the active participation of the veteran community. No one can tell about veterans better than themselves," the President is convinced. The Head of State emphasized that veterans, together with other citizens, should preserve and pass on to the next generations the truth about the war for the independence of Ukraine. ph Participation of the President in the 5th International Volunteer and Veteran Forum "Ukraine Is Where We Are" 22 August 2022 - 14:23 ph Participation of the President in the 5th International Volunteer and Veteran Forum "Ukraine Is Where We Are" 22 August 2022 - 14:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine