13 captures 31 Dec 2019 - 27 Jul 2025 Feb MAR Apr 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220319120628/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-pro-najbilshe-v-istoriyi-ukrayini-zvilnennya-59133 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Meaningful talks on peace and security for Ukraine are the only chance for Russia to reduce the damage from its own mistakes - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 March 2022 - 01:18 View all videos n latest news Ten humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon in Ukraine on March 19 - Iryna Vereshchuk 19 March 2022 - 11:50 Meaningful talks on peace and security for Ukraine are the only chance for Russia to reduce the damage from its own mistakes - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 March 2022 - 01:13 By attacking Ukraine, Russia will destroy everything it has achieved over the past 25 years - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2022 - 15:35 As of March 18, nine humanitarian corridors have been agreed upon, and a hotline for information on war prisoners and missing persons has been launched - Iryna Vereshchuk 18 March 2022 - 10:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with the SES employees who took part in eliminating the consequences of Russian aggression 17 March 2022 - 18:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President on the largest release of detainees in Ukraine's history: This is a great victory 29 December 2019 - 23:09 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called it a great achievement to free Ukrainians from captivity and to return them to the territory controlled by Ukraine, to their families and relatives. “I want to congratulate all Ukrainians. I don't know what to call it. A great victory. The most important thing is that people are home,” the Head of State said to the media representatives after the plane with 76 liberated Ukrainians landed at Boryspil Airport. On December 29, 81 people were released. 76 of them returned to Ukraine and five remained in the temporarily occupied territories with their families. According to the President, if those people express desire to move to the territory controlled by Ukraine, they will be given such an opportunity. According to the Head of State, today's release is the implementation of the first part of the agreements reached during the Normandy summit in Paris. "I want to thank all the leaders of the Normandy Four. Everything that had been agreed upon in this issue was fulfilled,” the President emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also expressed gratitude to everyone who contributed to the fact that the largest liberation in the history of Ukraine took place and worked 24 hours seven days a week for that. “The most important thing is that people are home. We did what we said - by the New Year. Therefore, they will celebrate the New Year with their families, at home, with parents, with children. That's great,” the President summarized. ph Return of liberated citizens to the territory controlled by Ukraine 29 December 2019 - 19:57 ph Return of liberated citizens to the territory controlled by Ukraine 29 December 2019 - 19:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine