4 captures 27 Sep 2022 - 25 Mar 2023 Aug SEP Oct 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220927221952/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-yiyi-velichnistyu-78037 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The only rational response to the audacity of the Russian Federation is even more support for Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 September 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news The only rational response to the audacity of the Russian Federation is even more support for Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 27 September 2022 - 23:56 Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the meeting of the UN Security Council convened at the initiative of Ukraine 27 September 2022 - 23:22 President held a meeting with the Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France 27 September 2022 - 19:07 Olena Zelenska held the phone conversation with Her Majesty The Queen of Sweden 27 September 2022 - 17:52 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented the Golden Star Orders to the Heroes of Ukraine and relatives of the fallen defenders who were awarded this title posthumously 24 September 2022 - 08:10 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska held the phone conversation with Her Majesty The Queen of Sweden 27 September 2022 - 17:52 First Lady of Ukraine held the phone conversation with Her Majesty Queen Silvia of Sweden within the framework of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, established by the First Lady in 2021. Ahead of the event, Her Majesty The Queen of Sweden sent a letter in support of the event. “I am grateful to Her Majesty for the support of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen with their attention. The words of support to Ukrainians in the message of Queen Silvia deeply moved all those present at the event. We are interested in expanding our cooperation in supporting children, managed by Her Majesty’s Foundation. The World Childhood Foundation was founded in 1999 by Her Majesty Queen Silvia of Sweden. It is focused on the prevention of violence against children as well as child exploitation and abuse. The Foundation has regional offices in Sweden, Brazil, Germany and USA. The First Lady of Ukraine reiterated the importance of Sweden’s involvement in the efforts in the sphere of “soft power” in view of its considerable experience in the areas of human rights, childhood, health and women’s rights. Queen Silvia reconfirmed that attention in Sweden attached to the events in Ukraine. In addition to state assistance, the people of Sweden also initiate many projects in support of Ukrainians. In particular, Her Majesty remarked the children’s camp in Stockholm, organized by the Ukrainian Children Activity Center of the Swedish Beredskapslyftet initiative, which has been visited by almost 170 Ukrainian children. The format of the camp also found its support in Finland. It bears reminding that Olena Zelenska holds a series of communications with representatives of foreign countries, who joined this year's Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. There have already been conversations with the wives of the heads of state and government of Belgium, Austria, Latvia, Belize, Spain, North Macedonia, Serbia, and with the wife of the President of the European Council. The communications are aimed at strengthening and deepening international cooperation in humanitarian, cultural, educational and social spheres as well as in the area of mental and physical health. The second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv on July 23 in a combined format: some participants joined digitally from Warsaw, Brussels, Washington and London. The main venue was located in Kyiv on the territory of the Sophia of Kyiv National Reserve. 23 first ladies and almost 50 world-famous speakers attended the Summit, which was covered in more than 20 countries. The event was devoted to the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine, namely the restoration of its human capital. One of the main tasks of the Summit was to raise funds for type C ambulance vehicles. To date, it has been possible to raise more than USD 6.4 million. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine