7 captures 06 Feb 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230206031011/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=33 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:09 View all videos n latest news The NSDC decision on sanctions against Russia's nuclear industry has been put into effect, and this is not the last decision on this industry - address by the President of Ukraine 5 February 2023 - 21:06 To preserve all elements of our stability is to guarantee victory – address of President of Ukraine 4 February 2023 - 20:05 President emphasizes: every defender of Ukraine released from captivity should feel that the state is grateful to him, takes care of him and guides him through life – Yermak on release of 116 soldiers 4 February 2023 - 17:04 Ihor Zhovkva discusses Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic integration with President of NATO PA 4 February 2023 - 09:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the EU-Ukraine Summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 17:26 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 17:36 The position of Supreme Commander-in-Chief, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on negotiations with the Russian Federation remains tough: Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak during a briefing in Lviv. Ukraine requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to urgently assist in creating humanitarian corridors 4 March 2022 - 11:06 The Ukrainian state requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to take urgent action to organize humanitarian corridors and is ready to do everything necessary to evacuate the civilian population and deliver humanitarian goods. The participants of the talks reached an agreement on securing humanitarian corridors where the fiercest fighting continues - Mykhailo Podoliak 3 March 2022 - 22:31 During the second round of talks, the representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation reached an agreement on joint provision of humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians, as well as for the delivery of medicines and food to the areas of the fiercest fighting. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak following the talks. Essay by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak for The New York Times 3 March 2022 - 13:33 As I Write, President Zelensky Is Beside Me. Please, Help Us Show Putin the Mistake He Has Made. Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire 28 February 2022 - 18:49 Ukrainian and Russian delegations held the first round of negotiations in the area of the Ukraine-Belarus border in order to find common ground for the fastest ceasefire. President of Ukraine expects from Russia a full-fledged negotiation process, not the language of ultimatums - Mykhailo Podoliak 26 February 2022 - 17:12 "Any war inevitably ends with negotiations. Ukraine heard the negotiating position outlined in Moscow. They know our view on the negotiating format and our negotiating position. Therefore, their comments that we allegedly refused to negotiate are just part of their tactics," he said. Mykhailo Podolyak on the Russian invasion: Russian troops have not gained any operational and tactical advantage in Ukraine 26 February 2022 - 09:30 "We understood that tonight would be difficult, because Russia planned to use and used all its resources and reserves to inflict maximum damage on us in the maximum number of our cities. I will say at once that this did not happen - the Armed Forces of Ukraine together with the National Police of Ukraine completely control the whole situation and the territory of our state," he stressed. Tactics of Russian troops resembles terrorist methods when shelling of residential neighborhoods and kindergartens is carried out - Mykhailo Podolyak 25 February 2022 - 21:13 The Armed Forces of Ukraine, the National Police and the Territorial Defense work well to maintain control over much of Ukraine's territory, which has been attacked by the Russian Federation. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak at a briefing in the Office of the Head of State. Mykhailo Podolyak: Baseline scenario of Russian attack on Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the state leadership 25 February 2022 - 11:44 Baseline scenario of the special operation of the Russian Federation against Ukraine is to enter Kyiv and liquidate the leadership of the state. But President Volodymyr Zelenskyy remains in the capital to show the sustainability of the Ukrainian people. This was said by Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Mykhailo Podolyak at a briefing at the President's Office. Servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other law enforcement agencies do not yield to the Russian troops and oppose them - Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President 24 February 2022 - 14:10 In the framework of repelling the military operation by the Russian Federation against Ukraine, there are currently four dangerous directions - the Crimean Isthmus, the JFO area, the directions of Chernihiv and Kharkiv. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President Oleksiy Arestovych at a briefing in the Office of the President. 1 2 ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine