1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033047/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=117 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The dynamics of Ukraine's European integration progress should be based on success in reforms - Ihor Zhovkva 21 February 2023 - 19:35 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of the European Parliament's Special Committee on Foreign Interference in All Democratic Processes in the EU, including Disinformation. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the Knesset of the State of Israel 21 February 2023 - 18:51 Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the common security challenges facing our countries today, as well as the Russian-Iranian political rapprochement, require a paradigm shift in the interaction between Ukraine and Israel and bringing it to a new level. President of Ukraine met with the delegation of the U.S. House of Representatives led by Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs Michael McCaul 21 February 2023 - 17:55 "This is a very powerful signal. Yesterday - President Biden's visit, today - a meeting with you. I believe this is very important evidence that the United States supports Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. Andriy Yermak discussed support for the Ukrainian Peace Formula with National Security Advisor to the Prime Minister of India 21 February 2023 - 16:32 "Cooperation with India is very important to us. We believe that you will support our resolution, as it contains very correct wording on the inviolability of borders and territorial integrity," the Head of the Presidential Office said. The fate of the world order based on rules, humanity, and predictability is now being decided in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 February 2023 - 22:34 No element of Ukrainian life is fragile anymore and will never be fragile. And our resilience is a powerful contribution to the resilience of all freedom-loving nations in the world. President of Ukraine met with IMF Managing Director 20 February 2023 - 19:27 The Head of State thanked the head of the IMF and her team for the visit and support for Ukraine since the first days of Russia's full-scale invasion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden unveiled a plaque dedicated to the U.S. President on the Walk of the Brave 20 February 2023 - 15:45 "Ukraine is grateful to you, Mr. President, Ukraine is grateful to the United States of America - to all Americans in all cities and communities who cherish freedom as much as we do," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. We must make sure that this year becomes the year of victory - President of Ukraine following negotiations with the U.S. President in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 15:33 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy says that his negotiations with President of the United States Joseph Biden in Kyiv were important and meaningful, and their results will be felt on the battlefield - in strengthening Ukrainian warriors and de-occupying territories. Leaders of Ukraine and the United States honored the memory of fallen Ukrainian defenders and visited St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery 20 February 2023 - 14:00 The Presidents of Ukraine and the United States also laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of those who died for Ukraine, located near St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the President of the United States in Kyiv 20 February 2023 - 12:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the United States Joseph Biden, who arrived in Ukraine for the first time since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion. 1 2 ... 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine