8 captures 21 Oct 2021 - 18 Oct 2025 Oct NOV Dec 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231130202005/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodni-partneri-ukrayini-pidtrimuyut-rishennya-rnbo-pro-66377 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news In Zaporizhzhia, President held a meeting on fortifications 30 November 2023 - 21:37 We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 First Lady of Ukraine is included in the list of the 25 most influential women in the world according to the Financial Times 30 November 2023 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv and Zaporizhzhia region 30 November 2023 - 13:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Ukraine's international partners support the decision of the National Security and Defense Council to impose sanctions against a number of TV channels - President 5 February 2021 - 18:49 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the decision of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine to apply restrictive measures against the owner of a number of TV channels was justified and legal, supported by Ukraine's international partners. "The decision of the National Security and Defense Council is legal, logical, justified and, most importantly, fair. And it is fully supported by the United States, the European Union and the G7 countries, which clearly see the difference between censorship and protection of national interests," the President noted in his vlog. The President said that as a man who had worked on television for more than 20 years, whose concerts, movies and TV series had been banned, who hated censorship and knew what it was like to protect freedom of speech, he had decided on sanctions for good reasons. "If someone forgot - Russia annexed Crimea, and part of our territory is occupied today, I'm sure it's temporary. And all those for whom business with these territories is normal, those for whom maintaining ties with illegal formations and pseudo-structures in these territories is normal pose a threat to our country. So, the country will fight them. And this is also normal. And as President, I am obliged and will act by any legal means available to me to neutralize such threats. In particular, with the help of sanctions," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President reminded that the Law "On Sanctions" had come into force in 2014, since the beginning of the war in Ukraine. That is why, in strict accordance with this law, as well as the Constitution of Ukraine, based on the resolution of the Verkhovna Rada of 2018 and the data of the Security Service of Ukraine, the National Security and Defense Council decided to impose sanctions against the owner of 112 Ukraine, ZIK, NewsOne and other TV channels. According to him, these channels had "information armies", which professionally misled the population of Ukraine, in particular on land reform, tariff reductions and the war in Donbas. "Earning money on the war, they convinced that there was no war. More precisely, there is, but it is civil. No, not in the sense that the citizens of Ukraine and Russia are at war, but that this is our internal conflict, quarrel, a little "skirmish",” the President said. "This is the main reason for the termination of broadcasting - and the only one, not some criticism of me as President. Let's be honest - today the government faces criticism of all TV channels: both private and public, but not all channels are subject to sanctions from the authorities,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. The President also responded to accusations of "green fascism" - the Head of State said that his grandfather had fought on the frontline during World War II, and his grandfather's brothers and their families had been killed by the Nazis. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine