1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=32 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukrainian side told the participants of the meeting in Jeddah about the philosophy of each of the points of the Peace Formula - Andriy Yermak 8 August 2023 - 09:19 At a meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media on Monday, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak presented the philosophy of each point of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula, which the Ukrainian side shared with participants of consultations in Jeddah on August 5-6. Everyone who captures the occupiers at the front speeds up freedom for Ukrainians – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 August 2023 - 22:31 And we will do everything to bring back to Ukraine all our people who are now in Russian captivity. We remember everyone and are looking for everyone on the list of missing persons. During the meeting in Jeddah, Andriy Yermak held a series of bilateral talks on ensuring Ukraine's defense capability and implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 22:28 In Saudi Arabia, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak continued bilateral talks with the heads of delegations who arrived in Jeddah to participate in a meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Ukraine needs strength and maximum focus on achieving victory - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 6 August 2023 - 20:16 We are already preparing for the next week to further strengthen our state and our positions. There will be new communication with partners on defense packages for Ukraine. We will add even more content to the international events of August and September that have already been planned. Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues of bilateral relations with the participants of the meeting on the implementation of the Peace Formula 6 August 2023 - 19:54 In the framework of the meeting on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, which took place on August 5-6 in Jeddah (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia) at the level of national security and foreign policy advisors, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with the heads of more than 30 delegations. On the Day of the Air Force, Volodymyr Zelenskyy observed samples of weapons and military equipment of the Ukrainian defenders of the sky and talked to the warriors 6 August 2023 - 14:42 During the conversation with the Head of State, the Air Force servicemen presented him with a pilot's helmet. President on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Ukraine can fight and live because there are warriors who clear our skies of Russian evil 6 August 2023 - 14:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the Day of the Air Force of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and presented high state awards, honorary insignia and battle flags to military units. International consultations on key principles of peace for Ukraine took place in Jeddah 6 August 2023 - 13:07 On the instructions of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Ukrainian delegation to Jeddah was headed by Andriy Yermak, Head of the Presidential Office. International rules-based order violated by Russian aggression must be restored – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2023 - 20:58 The greater the consolidation of the world for the sake of restoring a just peace is the sooner an end will be put to the bombs and missiles with which Moscow wants to replace the norms of international law. Fair and honest end to Russian aggression will benefit everyone in the world – address of President of Ukraine 4 August 2023 - 18:47 Thankful to all our heroes! Thankful to everyone in the world who supports Ukraine! Thankful to everyone who brings the implementation of the Peace Formula closer! 1 2 ... 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine