2 captures 22 Aug 2022 - 24 Aug 2022 Jul AUG Sep 22 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220822233900/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-za-pidsumkami-kiyivskoyi-iniciativi-peremoga-u-77209 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos These days, if you are abroad, be there with the flag of Ukraine and spread the truth about the crimes of the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2022 - 22:02 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak following the "Kyiv Initiative": Ukraine's victory will be our joint victory with partners 22 August 2022 - 22:20 These days, if you are abroad, be there with the flag of Ukraine and spread the truth about the crimes of the occupiers - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 August 2022 - 21:57 The first meeting of the "Kyiv Initiative" format initiated by the Head of the President's Office took place with the participation of advisors to the heads of state and government of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries 22 August 2022 - 20:52 The state should make veteran policy a priority of its activity - President of Ukraine 22 August 2022 - 16:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the 5th International Volunteer and Veteran Forum "Ukraine Is Where We Are" 22 August 2022 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak following the "Kyiv Initiative": Ukraine's victory will be our joint victory with partners 22 August 2022 - 22:20 Regular holding of the "Kyiv Initiative" will contribute to effective coordination of efforts of neighboring partner countries to help Ukraine protect freedom, independence and security in Europe. This was said by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak during a conversation with media representatives following the "Kyiv Initiative" event. "Today's meeting is dedicated to the format that we called the "Kyiv Initiative". The goal we set and achieved is the coordination of our efforts. We talked about many things today. First of all, it is security. We informed our colleagues about the situation at the front, about what is necessary for our success to be even greater. We talked about the continuation of sanctions pressure. We talked about future security guarantees for Ukraine," said Andriy Yermak. The Head of the President’s Office highly evaluated the results of the first meeting. According to him, an agreement was reached to hold meetings of the initiative every month, in particular in the format of a video conference. He expressed belief that the circle of participants of this format will expand - other partners of Ukraine will join it. "I think it is critically important today for all our partners to be in the same information field, to get all the latest news directly from us, so that we can coordinate our efforts. As I said, our victory will be a joint victory with our partners, with our neighbors, we are sure of that," Andriy Yermak said. According to him, during today's meeting, among other things, the issue of providing security guarantees to Ukraine was discussed. "I am glad that our partners are very interested in familiarization, and some are also willing to be guarantors of our security," said the Head of the President's Office. As Andriy Yermak reported, the first recommendations from the Group on International Security Guarantees for Ukraine, which he chairs together with former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen, should appear shortly. "We are currently working on this document. I informed our colleagues about it today, they are also waiting with interest for this very powerful document," he added. Secretary of State, Head of the International Policy Bureau at the Chancellery of the President of the Republic of Poland Jakub Kumoch said: "Your victory will be our victory. We always feel like a small part of your great victory during our visits to Kyiv. Today, Ukrainian women and men protect Europe from totalitarianism and tyranny. Thank you very much for that. And our states will help the Ukrainian people until victory." Chief Foreign Policy Adviser to the President of the Republic of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė emphasized that her state strongly supports the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine. "We sincerely believe in your victory," she said. Director of the Diplomatic Directorate of the Office of the President of Hungary Krzysztof Altus, for his part, noted that humanitarian aspects are also extremely important. "Our hearts are always open to our Ukrainian friends. We will support all refugees who come to our country, but we will also do our best to help those who want to return to Ukraine," he assured. Advisor to the Romanian President on European Affairs (and Foreign Policy Affairs) Luminiţa -Teodora Odobescu thanked for the invitation to join this initiative and expressed complete solidarity with Ukraine. Foreign Affairs Adviser to the President of Latvia Solveiga Silkalna emphasized that her country will stand with Ukraine until all the lands of our state are liberated from the occupiers. Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of the Republic of Estonia Liis Lipre-Järma reaffirmed that the Estonian government supports the people of Ukraine in their struggle for freedom. "Estonia supports you in every way on the path to Europe. And, of course, military aid is the number one priority," Liis Lipre-Järma said. Adviser to the President of Estonia Celia Kuningas-Saagpakk assured that her country will help Ukraine until victory. Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of the Slovak Republic Jana Kobzová noted the importance of discussing the security situation in such a circle. "You are defending not only your territories and your people, but also freedom in Europe. We are hopeful to continue our cooperation," she said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine