11 captures 10 Jun 2022 - 17 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220610140250/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vistupila-na-mizhnarodnij-konferenciyi-zhinki-75725 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Democracy can lose on the European continent if words are not backed up by action - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Copenhagen Democracy Summit 10 June 2022 - 13:07 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska delivered a speech at the international conference "Women in Conflicts" 10 June 2022 - 15:56 Democracy can lose on the European continent if words are not backed up by action - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the Copenhagen Democracy Summit 10 June 2022 - 13:03 Andriy Yermak met with the President of Yahad-In Unum organization, which collects evidence of Russia's war crimes in Ukraine 10 June 2022 - 09:15 In the Ukrainian society there can be only those who defend our independence and those who work to ensure this defense - address by the President of Ukraine 9 June 2022 - 23:54 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska delivered a speech at the international conference "Women in Conflicts" 10 June 2022 - 15:56 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the online format of the conference "Women in Conflicts". The event took place in Brussels and was organized by the European Union together with the UN Women. The conference focuses on the situation of women at the epicenter of war, justice, and women's leadership in difficult life circumstances. The first part of the conference was held in New York on September 21, 2021. Olena Zelenska was invited to participate in the event by President of the European Council Charles Michel who has visited Ukraine several times since the beginning of the Russian invasion. During the speech, the First Lady showed photos and told the stories of Ukrainian women related to Russia's war against our state. "I don't want to and can't talk about the war in the language of statistics and numbers. Fates are lost behind them. We already have real symbols of our war," said the wife of the President of Ukraine. The First Lady was joined by other female leaders, including Georgian President Salome Zourabichvili and 2018 Nobel Peace Prize winner Iraqi human rights activist Nadia Murad, a survivor of ISIS slavery and torture. She also co-organized the event. The President's wife also noted the great role of Ukrainian women in resisting the Russian invasion: “They cannot be called passive victims, each of them has her own story of resistance. Most of our doctors are women. 50% of our entrepreneurs are women, and they work to support the economy. There are 37,000 women in the Armed Forces of Ukraine. More than a thousand women have already become commanders. For example, history teacher Liubov Plaksiuk is the first Ukrainian woman to lead an artillery unit and is currently fighting in Donbas. There is such a popular question: what is your superpower? So, each of our women can answer: my superpower is that I’m Ukrainian! And this is no exaggeration. Our women are superheroes who are bringing the victory closer with every day of their lives." Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine