7 captures 14 Jan 2024 - 09 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 14 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240114093841/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-u-yevropi-potrebuyemo-produktivnishoyi-roboti-oboronnih-s-88249 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Independence is gained by the brave – address by the President of Ukraine 13 January 2024 - 19:25 View all videos n latest news Independence is gained by the brave – address by the President of Ukraine 13 January 2024 - 19:29 The President of Ukraine had a video call with the leaders of the Bulgarian parliamentary coalition 13 January 2024 - 18:56 Oleksiy Kuleba, Viktor Liashko met with representatives of American medical, charitable organizations, who presented the concept of building several healthcare facilities 13 January 2024 - 09:36 Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Rishi Sunak visited Ukrainian defenders in a medical facility in Kyiv 12 January 2024 - 23:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 12 January 2024 - 16:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Europe, we need more productive work from our defense sectors to be self-sufficient in our defense – Volodymyr Zelenskyy, following the meeting with Edgars Rinkēvičs 11 January 2024 - 20:29 During his official visit to Latvia, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Latvia Edgars Rinkēvičs. The Head of State expressed gratitude to Latvia on behalf of all Ukrainians who defend our country and work for it. "Latvia is among the countries that have been supporting Ukraine since the first days of the full-scale war. Mr. President, I am grateful for your personal efforts at this time. I am also grateful to your team, the entire political class, and the entire Latvian society. We appreciate that your principled position is always with Ukraine. Both in the EU institutions, NATO and other international organizations," the President of Ukraine said during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Edgars Rinkēvičs in Riga. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked for the new defense package for Ukraine, which was discussed in detail during the meeting. "Thank you for your clear understanding that the strength of our warriors, the strength of our positions, our Ukrainian future is the strength that guarantees the independence of not only Ukraine, but also the independence of many in Europe, the independence of your state. That is why it is so important for us, for Latvia, and for all our partners to continue working in the most coordinated, effective way possible, and with maximum effort to defeat Russia," the Head of State noted. During the meeting in Riga, the two leaders also discussed the action plan for the current year. The President of Ukraine informed Edgars Rinkēvičs about the situation on the battlefield, the key needs of the Defense Forces, as well as the plans of the Russian occupiers. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also said that representatives of the defense sectors of Ukraine and Latvia are signing new cooperation agreements. According to him, this year Ukraine will make every effort together with all partners to create a new arsenal of Europe – production cooperation of a level that will ensure the prevention of Russian aggression. "We in Europe – from west to east, from north to south – need much more productive work from the defense sectors of our states. Europe must learn to be self-sufficient in its defense," the President emphasized. "Russia understands strength only. And we all need that kind of strength in Europe," he added. The two leaders also discussed further joint efforts regarding the sanctions pressure on the Russian Federation and those who help it circumvent restrictions. They also emphasized the importance of ensuring Europe's consolidated position on refusal to buy Russian energy resources. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Edgars Rinkēvičs for the law that ensures a fair position on Russian property. Russian assets must be used for defense against Russian aggression, he emphasized. The Head of State also noted the support of Latvia and President Edgars Rinkēvičs personally for Ukraine's integration into the European Union. Volodymyr Zelenskyy expressed hope for the equally strong support for Ukraine's future membership in NATO. The President of Latvia, for his part, reaffirmed continued support for Ukraine on its European and Euro-Atlantic path. "It's time to change the emphasis. We have been talking about our support for Ukraine for as long as it takes. But the main political signal should state that we support and will continue to support Ukraine until its ultimate victory over Russian imperialism," said Edgars Rinkēvičs. He noted that Latvia will continue to provide assistance to Ukraine, in particular through a new defense package. In addition, Latvia has initiated the creation of a coalition of drones for Ukraine in the Ramstein negotiation format. Also, according to the President of Latvia, his country will consider purchasing ammunition for the Ukrainian Armed Forces. Edgars Rinkēvičs emphasized that Latvia plans to develop a mechanism for using Russian assets for the benefit of Ukraine and will continue cooperation on matters related to the international tribunal for Russia's war crimes and the illegal deportation of Ukrainian children. v Videos ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Latvia 11 January 2024 - 18:25 ph Official visit of the President of Ukraine to Latvia 11 January 2024 - 18:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine