10 captures 20 Aug 2023 - 09 Jul 2025 Jul AUG Sep 20 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230820001948/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-spivpracya-ukrayini-ta-shveciyi-povnistyu-vidobraz-84961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Step by step, we are getting closer to Swedish Gripen aircraft appearing in our skies – address of President of Ukraine 20 August 2023 - 01:10 View all videos n latest news Step by step, we are getting closer to Swedish Gripen aircraft appearing in our skies – address of President of Ukraine 20 August 2023 - 01:08 President of Ukraine holds meeting with Speaker of Swedish Parliament, leaders of parliamentary parties 19 August 2023 - 20:38 Audience of President and First Lady of Ukraine with Royal couple of Sweden took place 19 August 2023 - 19:04 Together with our partners, we are working on strengthening Ukrainian opportunities in the sky – President in Sweden 19 August 2023 - 18:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Sweden 19 August 2023 - 16:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Security cooperation between Ukraine and Sweden will fully reflect the unity of our values – Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with Swedish government head 19 August 2023 - 17:53 As part of his working visit to the Kingdom of Sweden, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. The head of the Ukrainian state thanked the head of the Swedish government and the entire people of Sweden for the vital support of Ukraine and our citizens. Zelenskyy also thanked for the condolences expressed by Kristersson over the Russian missile attack on the city of Chernihiv, killing seven Ukrainians and injuring about 90. "We deal with such vile Russian terrorist attacks, unfortunately, daily. Every day while this criminal aggression continues. The only way to stop it is to expel the Russian invaders from our land. Physically defeat Russia on the battlefield. Unfortunately, they will not understand anything else in the Kremlin," the President of Ukraine said at a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the Prime Minister of Sweden. According to him, during the negotiations, the parties detailed the agreement on the joint production of the Swedish CV90 infantry fighting vehicle in Ukraine. "Our warriors highly praise the СV90 and are grateful not only for the fact that they are advancing with the help of these vehicles, but also for the fact that the CV90 vehicles help save and protect the lives of our warriors. Life is the most valuable," Zelenskyy said. "This is an example of the fact that security cooperation, cooperation in production will fully reflect the unity of our values. And we will do everything possible to make the first CV90 manufactured in Ukraine appear as soon as possible," he added. The Ukrainian head of state also thanked Kristersson for the fact that, in accordance with the agreements, Ukrainian soldiers began training on Archer artillery systems. In addition, Ukrainian pilots began test trials on Swedish Gripen fighters. Negotiations are ongoing regarding the possibility of Ukraine receiving these aircraft. In the context of preparing the new 13th package of Swedish military assistance to Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy separately noted the provision of ammunition for air defense, combat vehicles, spare parts for armored vehicles, and demining equipment to the Ukrainian army. According to the President, Sweden has also joined the implementation of the Peace Formula, in particular the points on restoration of radiation and nuclear safety, restoration of justice, ecological safety and humanitarian demining. And today, the issue of increasing Sweden's role in the implementation of the Peace Formula and the approaching Global Peace Summit were discussed. Also, as the Head of State said, within the framework of the Joint Declaration on security guarantees for Ukraine, a discussion of work on the Ukrainian-Swedish bilateral document will take place on Saturday. In addition, Zelenskyy discussed with the Prime Minister of Sweden the acceleration of the supply of Swedish high-tech pumping equipment to provide drinking water to dozens of Ukrainian cities suffering from a lack of it after Russia destroyed the dam at the Kakhovska HPP. The President of Ukraine highly praised the Swedish government's recent adoption of a multi-year strategy for Sweden's recovery and reform cooperation with Ukraine, which provides for the private capital involvement in recovery. "Sweden will be with us in the post-war transformation – I thank you for that. We also discussed the possibility of patronage over Ukrainian regions and industries that need recovery after the Russian strikes," Zelenskyy said. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Sweden 19 August 2023 - 16:10 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Sweden 19 August 2023 - 16:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine