2 captures 10 Mar 2022 - 04 Jul 2022 Feb MAR Apr 10 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220310072944/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=08-03-2021&date-to=08-03-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Europeans must tighten sanctions against Russia so that it has no chance to continue the genocide in Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 March 2022 - 23:59 View all videos pg Photo gallery “Free Sky” artistic action in support of the call of the nation and the President of Ukraine to the world leaders as regards closing the sky 9 March 2022 - 14:44 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The participants of the talks reached an agreement on securing humanitarian corridors where the fiercest fighting continues - Mykhailo Podoliak 3 March 2022 - 22:31 During the second round of talks, the representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation reached an agreement on joint provision of humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians, as well as for the delivery of medicines and food to the areas of the fiercest fighting. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak following the talks. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I would not like a story about Ukraine as about 300 Spartans - I wish peace to my country 3 March 2022 - 22:27 Ukrainians do not take anything from anyone, but protect their land and their freedom. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for foreign media. 3 March 2022 - 21:49 Essay by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak for The New York Times 3 March 2022 - 13:33 As I Write, President Zelensky Is Beside Me. Please, Help Us Show Putin the Mistake He Has Made. They wanted to destroy Ukraine so many times, but failed - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 March 2022 - 11:20 We've been through so much! And if someone thinks that, having overcome all this, Ukrainians - all of us - are scared, broken or will surrender, he knows nothing about Ukraine. And he has nothing to do in Ukraine. For us, this is a patriotic war, and we know how such wars end for the invaders - address by the President of Ukraine 3 March 2022 - 01:14 Ukrainians! Every invader should know: they will not get anything here. No one will be conquered. Even if they can accumulate more equipment and more people, it doesn't change anything for them. Wherever they enter. They will be destroyed everywhere. They will not have peace. They will have no food. They will not have a single quiet moment. The invaders will receive only a rebuff from Ukrainians. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with local authorities on the current security situation in the country 2 March 2022 - 21:37 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a conference call with mayors, heads of regional state administrations and heads of military administrations. Address by the President: Ukrainians are a symbol of invincibility 2 March 2022 - 09:32 The whole world admires you. From Hollywood stars to politicians. Today you, Ukrainians, are a symbol of invincibility. A symbol that people in any country can become the best people on earth at any moment. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The world already understands that the President of the Russian Federation should be brought to the negotiating table as soon as there is willingness to talk to him 1 March 2022 - 21:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy states that he does not have high expectations from the current format of the Ukrainian-Russian ceasefire talks, because in addition to calls, concrete steps towards each other are needed. However, the civilized world must bring President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to the negotiating table before it is too late. This was stated by the President in an interview with CNN and Reuters. Ukraine fights for values of freedom and democracy, therefore counts on support of civilized world - President 1 March 2022 - 20:40 Today, Ukraine is fighting for the values of freedom and democracy, and other countries of the civilized world must support our state in this struggle. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for CNN and Reuters. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine