3 captures 23 Aug 2021 - 09 Mar 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072315/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-cherkashini-prezident-uzyav-uchast-v-urochistostyah-z-nag-70265 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In the Cherkasy region, the President took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag: We raise the flag together and we have to raise Ukraine - only together and only upwards 23 August 2021 - 10:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag. They took place in the village of Maryanivka, the Cherkasy region, where the art complex "Geographical Center - the Heart of Ukraine" was created specially for the 30th anniversary of our country's independence. "On the 30th anniversary of the restoration of our independence, we will raise it right here - in the geographical center of Ukraine. This is where the heart of Ukraine beats. It is an art object surrounded by 25 steel wings representing our 24 regions and our Crimea. It is really a symbol that it is much easier to fly up and be on top together. And today thousands of our state flags will be raised in the sky at the same time. In all regions, in all cities, throughout Ukraine and abroad," the Head of State said. The President noted that the blue and yellow flag is more than a flag, it is a symbol of our large Ukrainian family. "It is a bridge across the centuries of independence that unites us, unites dozens of generations. It is a mentor that inspires and motivates us when we just see it. This is our guardian angel that flutters in the sky so brightly for God not to forget about each of us every day," he said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that the flag of Ukraine evokes a wide range of emotions: “It is a pride when our flag liberated dozens of towns and villages in Donbas. Gratitude when our flag helped extinguish fires in Turkey and Greece. Belief in life when our flag helped fight COVID-19 in Italy. Tears when our flag accompanies the fallen defenders of Ukraine to paradise. Joy when our flag is hoisted at the Olympics, flies on Everest, Mont Blanc and even in space. And for me, in addition to all this, it is also a sweet parental emotion when you look into your son's pencil case and realize that the blue and yellow felt-tip pens were the first to run out.” The President thanked all those who make the colors of the State Flag of Ukraine known and respected in Ukraine and the world. "These are our military, veterans, volunteers. Our doctors. Firefighters, rescuers, border guards. Our athletes, football players. Our Olympians. Our Paralympians. Our coaches. And our children's coaches. Our scientists, educators, students, artists. And most importantly - these are our citizens of Ukraine, beautiful, bright people who pay taxes, do not give bribes, do not drive drunk, do not park in places for people with disabilities, follow a healthy lifestyle and are active participants in civil society," he said. The President added that in order to strengthen the flag and independence of Ukraine, one doesn’t have to do something loud and public, it is enough to simply "be Ukrainian." "I once again congratulate all of us on this holiday! Today we are united by a common action, a common goal: together we raise the flag and we have to raise Ukraine. Only together. And only upwards. Happy Day of the National Flag of Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag 23 August 2021 - 10:54 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag 23 August 2021 - 10:54 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine