1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214105436/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – In Washington, the Foreign Minister and the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine discussed with the US Secretary of State the forthcoming visit of Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States 6 August 2021 - 00:08 In Washington, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba and Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak met with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken to prepare for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's visit to the United States and talks with President Joseph Biden. Andriy Yermak and Dmytro Kuleba met with the U.S. National Security Advisor in Washington 4 August 2021 - 21:09 The parties discussed the preparation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s visit to the Unites States and his meeting with the US President Joseph Biden on August 30th. Roman Mashovets and the US Defense Attaché discussed preparations for the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States 28 July 2021 - 22:02 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed with US Defense Attaché Brittany Stewart and other representatives of the US Embassy the course of defense reforms in Ukraine and preparations for the Ukrainian President's visit to the United States. Over the year of the ceasefire in the Donbas, the number of shelling occasions and deaths has halved, the Head of State is doing everything to establish peace in eastern Ukraine - Press Secretary of the President 27 July 2021 - 19:36 Since July 27, 2020, when the agreement on the establishment of a full and comprehensive ceasefire in the Donbas came into force, the number of shelling occasions and deaths among the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine has halved, and the number of wounded has reduced more than thrice. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov during a briefing on Tuesday. Andriy Yermak met with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet 21 July 2021 - 21:24 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a meeting with Counselor of the U.S. Department of State Derek Chollet who was on a visit to Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva discussed Ukraine's European integration aspirations with the Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia 16 July 2021 - 11:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held talks with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Croatia Vladimir Drobnjak. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State Victoria Nuland 10 July 2021 - 14:46 In furtherance of the regular dialogue with the American party, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with US Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland on July 9. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See 8 July 2021 - 13:20 In order to develop the dialogue between Ukraine and the Holy See at the highest level, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Cardinal Secretary of State of the Holy See Pietro Parolin. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets discussed prospects for defense cooperation with NATO Strategic Advisor on SOF issues 24 June 2021 - 21:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed a number of issues regarding the prospects and ways for NATO countries to assist in building the Special Operations Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with NATO Strategic Advisor on Special Operations Forces (SOF) Michael Ripass (USA). Particular attention was paid to aspects of social protection and education of representatives of this unit of the Armed Forces in the general context of defense reform. Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Victoria Nuland 24 June 2021 - 09:13 In the framework of regular communications with the American party, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone conversation with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs of the United States Victoria Nuland. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine