5 captures 27 Nov 2022 - 21 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221127185641/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pedagogi-kuhari-yaki-navchatimut-pracivnikiv-yidalen-zakladi-79401 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Never again should hunger be used as a weapon – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2022 - 20:06 View all videos n latest news We know what we are fighting for - Olena Zelenska in an interview for BBC 27 November 2022 - 12:03 Joint Statement following the inaugural International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:34 Grain from Ukraine initiative emphasizes global role of Ukraine and its partners in guaranteeing world food security – President following International Summit on Food Security 26 November 2022 - 20:28 Never again should hunger be used as a weapon – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 November 2022 - 20:04 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President and the First Lady in the ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of the Holodomors in Ukraine 26 November 2022 - 19:09 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Educators-cooks who will train canteen workers of secondary education institutions took part in the seminars 24 November 2022 - 18:04 As part of the school nutrition reform initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, a series of trainings is ongoing for educators-cooks of vocational education institutions who will pass on their knowledge to cooks of canteens in schools and preschool institutions. 30 educators-cooks from the Kyiv region are taking part in "Changes and modern trends in catering in institutions of general secondary education" seminar at the Boryspil Vocational Technical College. The event is supported by the National Administration for Education and Youth Affairs of the Republic of Estonia (NarNo), the team of the National Catering Association and the “EU4Skills: Better Skills for Modern Ukraine” project. Preliminary training took place in Lviv, where 50 educators-cooks attended the training course. The seminar consists of a theoretical and a practical part. The participants will learn about new technological standards in school food and the principles of implementing the reform, consider ways to automate processes in a modern kitchen. During the practical part, they familiarize themselves with the newest equipment of the school canteen and prepare meals with their own hands using new high-tech methods, learn ways to diversify the menu in modern conditions. The best chefs and the team of the National Catering Association demonstrated by their own example the speed, quality and possibility of cooking large volumes of various dishes using steam convection technology. The participants acquire the necessary practical skills to become coaches and teach canteen chefs the basics of proper nutrition. "Our task is to train future "agents of change" who will retrain cooks in their cities and communities to work in thousands of Ukrainian schools and preschools," said Olena Zelenska. She reminded that since the beginning of the new academic year, the country has returned to the implementation of the school meal reform, which started in January 2022 and was put on hold due to the Russian invasion. "Our children study and acquire knowledge in difficult wartime, so they should have the best conditions for their health. And this is primarily food. When we launched the reform, we planned that it should be healthy and nutritious, and cooks should implement it," the President's wife said. It bears reminding that previously in the framework of the reform and with the assistance of American philanthropist Howard Buffett, the construction of a kitchen factory was initiated in Bucha, Kyiv region. The main consumers of the products of the new kitchen factory will be schools and preschool institutions of the city and at least two nearby communities, but the production capacity can be reconfigured or expanded to meet the nutritional needs of any groups of population. In particular, the enterprise will be able to feed temporarily displaced persons and local residents. It is expected that the kitchen factory in Bucha will be a pilot project, and in the future the network of establishments will be expanded to the entire territory of Ukraine. Each of them will be able to provide food for 30-40 educational institutions. "This is how our reform of school meals returns in wartime. And this is part of our plan to restore Ukraine, because it must be started now already," Olena Zelenska emphasized. In the summer, more than 50 educators from vocational and technical institutions from five regions of Ukraine have already passed a seminar for coaches in the framework of school nutrition reform. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine