1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214034117/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=97 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – President: From agro-hubs to blockchains - such Ukraine is presented by our pavilion at Expo 2020 in Dubai 15 February 2021 - 12:12 As part of an official visit to the United Arab Emirates, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited Expo 2020 in Dubai, the opening of which was postponed to October 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Ukrainian delegation headed by Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed memoranda and contracts for $ 3 billion in the UAE 15 February 2021 - 08:20 During an official visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United Arab Emirates, the Ukrainian delegation signed a number of memoranda and contracts totaling $ 3 billion. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited landmarks for the state and people of the UAE in Abu Dhabi 14 February 2021 - 17:03 In particular, the Head of State and his wife Olena visited the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque. They honored the memory of the first President and founder of the UAE Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan at his burial place near the mosque. After that, the President of Ukraine and the First Lady got themselves acquainted with the mosque and left a note in the Book of Honorary Guests. In Abu Dhabi, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy got himself acquainted with the Masdar City innovation city project and stressed that the future lies in innovation 14 February 2021 - 16:30 The Head of State got himself acquainted with the peculiarities of the implementation of the concept of the city with zero CO2 pollution and the full cycle of waste processing. In the framework of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's official visit to the UAE, agreements were signed between Ukroboronprom, Tawazun Economic Council and EDGE Group on expanding military-technical cooperation 14 February 2021 - 15:38 During the official visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United Arab Emirates, Director General of Ukroboronprom Yuriy Gusev signed agreements and contracts with Tawazun Economic Council and EDGE Group to expand military-technical cooperation totaling more than $ 1 billion. President of Ukraine met with businesses having joint projects with the UAE 14 February 2021 - 15:29 During an official visit to the United Arab Emirates in the city of advanced environmentally friendly technologies "Masdar City", President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of businesses having joint projects with the UAE in the fields of energy, education, new technologies etc. President commissioned the Minister of Defense and the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine to urgently arrive in Donbas to investigate the deaths of three servicemen, he is waiting for the report on Monday 14 February 2021 - 15:11 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned Minister of Defense Andriy Taran and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak to urgently arrive at the area of the Joint Forces Operation to investigate the deaths of three Ukrainian servicemen in the area of Novoluhanske, in the territory of Donbas controlled by Ukraine. Deputy Head of the President's Office Roman Mashovets is already at the scene of the tragedy pursuant to the instruction of the President. Olena Zelenska met with the Minister of Culture and Youth of the United Arab Emirates 14 February 2021 - 12:44 As part of the official visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United Arab Emirates, Olena Zelenska met with Minister of Culture and Youth Noura bint Mohammed Al Kaabi. The parties discussed cooperation in the field of culture and ideas for its deepening. During the visit of the President of Ukraine to the UAE, a number of bilateral documents were signed 14 February 2021 - 12:15 The documents were signed following the meeting of Ukrainian and UAE delegations in Abu Dhabi chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. President of Ukraine and the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi discussed multiple increase in trade turnover between Ukraine and the UAE 14 February 2021 - 12:02 During an official visit to the United Arab Emirates, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi, Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. 1 2 ... 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine