1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926234633/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The War Must Become Significantly Harder for Russia – President's Speech at the Opening of the 20th Annual Yalta European Strategy Meeting 13 September 2024 - 15:25 I want to highlight once again: sufficient. Sufficient not to simply say that there is a decision, but to really change the course of the war and make Russia seek peace. And we are really counting on our partners, hoping for results from our partners. Lithuanian President Honored Andriy Yermak with the Order of the Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas 13 September 2024 - 10:00 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda. During the meeting, they discussed Lithuania's and partners’ support in Ukraine’s fight against Russian aggression. Meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Took Place at the Office of the President 12 September 2024 - 22:10 Pursuant to the instructions of the President of Ukraine and the Head of the Presidential Office, Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with European Commissioner for Home Affairs Ylva Johansson who was on a working visit to Ukraine. Giving Children True Safety Is Only Possible Together with the Whole World – Olena Zelenska at the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 21:57 The Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv, initiated by Ukraine's First Lady Olena Zelenska. This year’s theme was "Protecting Childhood: Ensuring a Safe Future." Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Speaker and Deputy Speakers of the Danish Parliament 12 September 2024 - 21:14 During the meeting, the parties discussed the implementation of the bilateral security agreement signed in Lviv in February of this year, as well as ways to expand cooperation in joint weapons production. Children's Safety Is Everyone’s Concern Today – President's Speech at the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 12 September 2024 - 19:54 Today, war affects everyone. It affects all of us in Ukraine, in Europe, and around the world. All of us: men, women, our parents, but above all, our children. President Discussed the Importance of Upholding the Rome Statute with ICC Prosecutor 12 September 2024 - 19:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with International Criminal Court Prosecutor Karim Khan. The President expressed gratitude for the support Ukraine has received, as well as for Khan’s participation in the "United for Justice" conference and the Fourth Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. Andriy Yermak Met with Leadership of the National Democratic Institute 12 September 2024 - 19:09 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a meeting with President of the National Democratic Institute Tamara Cofman Wittes and Senior Resident Country Director for the National Democratic Institute in Ukraine Dr. Marcin Piotr Walecki. President: Ukraine Was Convincing on Long-Range Weaponry in Meetings with U.S. Secretary of State and U.K. Foreign Secretary 12 September 2024 - 16:36 He emphasized that delaying decisions regarding the use of long-range weapons allows Russia to relocate its military assets deeper into its territory. Lithuania Announced Readiness to Increase Support for Ukraine's Defense Industry – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 September 2024 - 16:23 Lithuania is ready to boost its support for Ukraine in the production of weapons, particularly long-range drones. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy following discussions with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 183 184 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine