11 captures 24 Jun 2020 - 07 Dec 2025 Feb MAR Apr 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220324221212/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chas-znajti-sistemne-rishennya-shob-virishiti-pitannya-raz-i-61809 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:26 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Israel could become one of the guarantors of the international agreement on security guarantees for Ukraine, as it should understand us like no other - Andriy Yermak 24 March 2022 - 15:42 Speech by the President of Ukraine at the Riksdag in Sweden 24 March 2022 - 14:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News Current events It's time to find a systemic solution to solve the problem once and for all, instead of losing people and money every year - President on overcoming the consequences of bad weather in the western regions 24 June 2020 - 17:06 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy demands that the government find a systematic decision to address the problem of annual flooding in the western regions of Ukraine. He made this statement during a conference call on the consequences of bad weather in the west of the country, at which Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal reported on the latest information on the emergency situation in the Ivano-Frankivsk region. The Prime Minister and the Minister of the Interior started a working visit to the given region this morning pursuant to the instruction of the Head of State. "Every year we spend from 500 to 800 million to eliminate the consequences. And this year, probably, there will be more than a billion hryvnias. It's time to find a systemic solution, to reinforce the banks of rivers. To reinforce the banks of the Dniester, the Tysa, to solve this issue once and for all. It is necessary to develop a real big program with the involvement of foreign experience, not to lose people and money every year," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said, addressing the Prime Minister. Denys Shmyhal said that the scale of flooding exceeds that of 2008. In particular, the district hospital in the city of Halych is flooded, patients are being evacuated from a medical institution. The situation is complicated by the fact that there are patients with coronavirus in the hospital. In total, due to unfavorable weather conditions in the Ivano-Frankivsk region, more than 200 inhabited localities were flooded, there is no access to 29 of them. 110 km of roads and 90 bridges were destroyed in the region. The disaster killed three people. One person went missing. In the Ivano-Frankivsk, Lviv and Chernivtsi regions, 429.7 km of roads and 130 bridges were damaged. Transport connection with 34 inhabited localities was disrupted. There is no electricity and water supply in the affected inhabited localities. The Prime Minister, in particular, said that the necessary supplies of water, bread, food and medicine were sent by helicopter to the Verkhovyna district of the Ivano-Frankivsk region. Roads and bridges have been destroyed in mountainous areas, and cargo delivery by air has been hampered by weather conditions. Denys Shmyhal noted that almost three tons of humanitarian aid have been delivered to the region so far. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine