27 captures 17 Dec 2022 - 11 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 17 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221217224924/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/nadijnij-shit-ppo-zrobit-nemozhlivim-rosijskij-raketnij-tero-79941 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Reliable air defense shield will make Russian missile terror impossible, this will mean security for millions of people – address of the President of Ukraine 17 December 2022 - 21:08 View all videos n latest news Reliable air defense shield will make Russian missile terror impossible, this will mean security for millions of people – address of the President of Ukraine 17 December 2022 - 21:05 Three new Ukrainian-language audio guides launched in famous world museums 17 December 2022 - 12:37 Ukraine consistently working on consolidating international support for responding to human rights violations in occupied Crimea – Ihor Zhovkva 17 December 2022 - 11:28 Office of representative of President in Crimea plays leading role in shaping Ukraine's state policies on de-occupation, reintegration of peninsula 17 December 2022 - 11:12 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the solemn meeting of the Plenum of the Supreme Court 15 December 2022 - 14:43 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Reliable air defense shield will make Russian missile terror impossible, this will mean security for millions of people – address of the President of Ukraine 17 December 2022 - 21:05 Dear Ukrainians! I wish you health! The main thing today is energy. During the day, it was possible to restore the electricity supply to almost 6 million Ukrainians. Repair work is ongoing now and has been going on non-stop since yesterday's terrorist attack. Of course, there is still a lot of work to do to stabilize the system. Problems with the supply of heat, big problems with the supply of water exist. The most difficult situation is in the city of Kyiv and the region, Vinnytsia and the region, Lviv and the region. But there are, unfortunately, large-scale outages in many other regions: they include Dnipro and Dnipropetrovsk region, Volyn, Zhytomyr region, Zakarpattia, Ivano-Frankivsk region, the city of Odesa and the region, Poltava region, Ternopil region, Chernihiv region and other cities and regions. Russia spares no resources for the war against our people – precisely against the people, against all Ukrainians from Lutsk to Kharkiv, from Sumy to Odesa. And I am grateful to every leader, I am grateful to every nation – our partners who understand that Russia's large-scale "investment" in terror is already, imagine, more than 4,000 missiles! It's necessary to exceed it with even more help to the people against whom this terror is directed. This week we received important decisions from the EU, partner countries in Europe, the United States, which will help maintain stability now and in the coming year. This applies to defense support, energy support, and macro-financial assistance for Ukraine. But there is still work to be done. There are still vital decisions awaiting final approval and implementation. In particular, I will constantly remind... Dear partners! Find an opportunity to give Ukraine reliable protection of the sky, a reliable air defense shield. You can do it. You can give protection to our people – one hundred percent protection from these terrorist Russian strikes. When this happens, the main form of Russian terror – missile terror – will become simply impossible. And this will mean safety for Ukrainians, safety for millions of people and a strategic realignment of the entire military situation. The fewer opportunities Russia has for terror, the more opportunities we will have to restore and guarantee peace. We are already preparing for the international events that are planned for the near future – both political and more global, which include not only traditional political audiences, but also all people of the world who value peace and are ready to support our defense against Russian terror. You will see everything. Also on Monday, a meeting of the leaders of the Northern European countries will take place: the UK, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Iceland, the Netherlands, Sweden, and Norway. These are our extremely important friends, important partners and effective helpers in our defense. So we are preparing several new proposals from Ukraine, how to strengthen us all, all the countries of Europe. I thank everyone who helps Ukraine! Thank you to all our energy workers, everyone who works to supply heat and water, everyone who repairs communications damaged by shelling and restores, and restores, and restores normal life every time, no matter how the terrorists try to leave us in the cold and in the dark. The terrorists will still lose. Glory to all those who hold back hell in Bakhmut and other areas in Donetsk region! Glory to all who hold our front! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine