2 captures 20 Mar 2022 - 20 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220320140858/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=18-03-2021&date-to=18-03-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more Russia uses terror against Ukraine, the worse the consequences will be for it - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 March 2022 - 02:33 View all videos pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russia is already moving away from ultimatums, but full-fledged talks require the participation of Western partners - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 March 2022 - 18:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that it is impossible to occupy the Ukrainian people, so the war that Russia started against our country will inevitably end in our victory - it is only a matter of time. It is time to be effective in routine affairs and provide everything necessary for the defense - address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 March 2022 - 13:46 We have had extraordinary success. The resistance of the entire Ukrainian people against these invaders has already gone down in history. But we have no right to reduce the intensity of defense. No matter how difficult it is. We have no right to reduce the energy of resistance. Regular evacuation corridors are being opened and humanitarian aid is planned to be delivered; we hope that the Russian Federation will comply with its commitments - Iryna Vereshchuk 12 March 2022 - 11:12 In Ukraine, on March 12, at 9:00 am, regular humanitarian corridors will be opened to evacuate the residents affected by the shelling of the cities and to send humanitarian aid there. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk. Today, everyone is gaining glory for Ukraine in his or her place - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 12 March 2022 - 00:46 Strong people of the steel country! This is how the militaries answer the Kremlin command's question about what prevented them from capturing Ukraine in four days. Strong people of the steel country. This information is unverified, but this fact is indisputable. Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the Sejm of the Republic of Poland 11 March 2022 - 19:26 I am grateful for all the help we have already received from your state, from your people. I am grateful for your efforts so that we can secure the Ukrainian sky. I believe that we will be able to achieve the result in this, the result that we all desperately need. We have already reached a strategic turning point and are moving towards our goal, our victory - President 11 March 2022 - 14:19 But Ukrainians are proud people who always defend their land and will not give the invader a single piece of land. Not a percent of their freedom. A number of humanitarian corridors are opening in Ukraine today, work is underway on new routes to deliver aid to the regions affected by the shelling - Iryna Vereshchuk 11 March 2022 - 11:21 Today at 9:00 a number of humanitarian corridors will be opened for the evacuation of residents from the settlements of Ukraine, who were particularly affected by the shelling by Russian troops. This was announced by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk. The state is doing everything to help Mariupol - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 March 2022 - 00:09 We are doing everything to save our people in the cities that the enemy just wants to destroy. Taking into account the work of humanitarian corridors in the previous two days, we have already evacuated about one hundred thousand people. For every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion, a reconstruction program will be created - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commissioned the government to elaborate a special state program for the reconstruction of every Ukrainian city affected by the Russian invasion. Thanks to our defenders, Ukrainians have not become slaves and will never become - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 March 2022 - 14:08 After the war, after our victory, we will rebuild everything that was destroyed. Very quickly and with a very high quality. A special state program for reconstruction will be created for each affected city. I have already instructed the government to start the elaboration. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 104 105 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine