6 captures 05 Nov 2021 - 03 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071321/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/prezident-bezpeka-gromadi-pochinayetsya-tam-de-vnochi-osvitl-71425 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President: Community safety begins where the street is lit at night, where people are not afraid to turn to the police 4 November 2021 - 13:22 The Ukrainian state, together with local authorities and territorial communities, must create a safe environment for every Ukrainian. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Safe Community" in Kyiv. The Head of State noted that the issue of ensuring the security of Ukrainians is more relevant than ever, and today at the forum it will be considered for the first time in the context of the role and place of the territorial community in this process. The President stressed that every resident of the community has the right to protection of his or her life, health and property from criminal encroachments, civil protection, prevention and elimination of the consequences of emergencies, natural disasters, fires, quality and affordable administrative services. "Community safety begins where there is light on the street at night, where there are no potholes on the roads, where people are not afraid to turn to a police officer for help, because they know him personally, because they trust this person," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. “Community safety begins where the local volunteer fire brigade, which has all the necessary tools and professional equipment, works in a coordinated and fast manner. Where the protection of children, women and the elderly from domestic violence is not only a matter of the police, but also a social problem. Where it is possible to use a helicopter to provide emergency medical care in any part of our large country, to quickly evacuate the injured or sick to the hospital. These are simple, at first glance, things, but complex, in my opinion, we should talk about today," he added. According to the President, the state and local authorities, together with the concerned community, must create a safe environment for the life of each resident, "so that these issues are addressed directly by those people who live in a particular region." "Security begins with each of us. Today, exclusively those who support this approach are in this room: those who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 ensure not only their own safety, but also the safety of those around them. I really urge you to convey this to every resident of every territorial community who has elected you and who trusts you,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. For his part, Minister of the Interior Denys Monastyrskyi noted that communication between law enforcement agencies and local communities is very important in ensuring the safety of citizens. In order to improve cooperation, communication chats will be created, in which the heads of territorial communities will be able to communicate directly with the leadership of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and representatives of the National Police and the State Emergency Service of Ukraine on the ground. In addition, according to the Interior Minister, it is planned to triple the number of community police officers from next year (up to 2,000). According to him, 3,554 people died on the roads of Ukraine last year alone. Therefore, in order to improve road safety, complexes for auto-recording violations should actively be installed. Among the priorities is the full provision of patrol police officers with chest cameras (video recorders), as most conflicts take place on the roads. "Starting next year, there will be a body camera in every patrol police unit, and police officers will be obliged to turn it on when communicating with citizens. Thus, we are convinced that we will be able to achieve higher standards of protection of rights," said Denys Monastyrskyi. As part of the implementation of the barrier-free policy, police officers already use the application, which allows them to communicate with people with speech and hearing impairments. The security area should be the school and other institutions where children study. To this end, the President initiated the Security Educator project. According to Denys Monastyrskyi, this will be the person who will coordinate security issues in each school and work closely with the police and civil defense agencies. "Because if we allow offenses there, if we allow the spread of drugs, bullying and so on, citizens who then violate public order and are a threat to society will grow up from there," the minister said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine