1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053602/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=39 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Deputy Head of the Office of the President had a phone conversation with the Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister of Greece 10 November 2021 - 19:29 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a telephone conversation with Director of the Diplomatic Cabinet of the Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic Eleni Sourani. Ihor Zhovkva discussed topical issues of European and Euro-Atlantic integration of Ukraine with the Special Adviser to the Prime Minister of Croatia 10 November 2021 - 11:37 The parties focused on the latest steps of Ukraine towards European integration. In particular, Ihor Zhovkva informed his interlocutor of the practical results of the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit held in Kyiv on October 12, as well as with the expectations of the Ukrainian side from the Eastern Partnership Summit scheduled for December 15 this year. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met in Washington with the Political Director at the FCDO and the Vice President at the US Institute of Peace 10 November 2021 - 08:07 On November 9, in Washington, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Political Director at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office Sir Timothy Barrow and Vice President for Strategic Stability and Security at the US Institute of Peace, former US Ambassador to Ukraine William Taylor. President: The next important direction of the Large Construction - the new Ukrainian railway - starts today 9 November 2021 - 14:50 Renewal of the railway, modernization of rolling stock and railways will be the next important area of the Large Construction National Program. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the "Large Construction: A New Railway" Forum. President made a test trip on a new train made in Ukraine 9 November 2021 - 13:10 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the DPKr-3 regional diesel train, which was built this year at PJSC “Kryukov Railway Car Building Works”. The Head of State made a test trip on the diesel train on the route from Darnytsia technical station to Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi station. President commends the appointment of the first composition of the Ethics Council as an extremely important stage in the successful implementation of judicial reform 9 November 2021 - 09:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy commends the current composition of the Ethics Council, which is designed to establish compliance of the candidate for the position of a member of the High Council of Justice with the criteria of professional ethics and integrity. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the President of Poland 8 November 2021 - 21:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of Poland Andrzej Duda. The parties exchanged views on the difficult situation on the Polish-Belarusian border. Roman Mashovets and the Ambassador of Sweden discussed the security situation in the east and around Ukraine 8 November 2021 - 19:38 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg and discussed the security situation in the east and around our country, as well as forecasts for its further development. The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in Donbas: Press Secretary of the President 8 November 2021 - 18:30 The Normandy format is the only platform for negotiations on a peaceful settlement in eastern Ukraine, and the responsibility for delaying the progress of the negotiation process lies with the Russian party. This was emphasized by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov in a video commentary. Despite the difficult situation with the spread of COVID-19, the rate of hospitalizations in Ukraine is being stabilized - conference call with the President 8 November 2021 - 15:48 The situation with the spread of COVID-19 in Ukraine, the course of vaccination, the provision of hospitals with oxygen and business support during the "red" level of epidemic danger were discussed at a conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 1 2 ... 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 ... 101 102 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine