1 capture 26 Aug 2022 Jul AUG Sep 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220826160339/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-zustrivsya-z-kerivnictvom-komitetiv-parlamentiv-77333 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:21 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak spoke with American director Bryan Fogel who plans to make a film about the war in Ukraine 26 August 2022 - 17:29 Ihor Zhovkva met with the leadership of the committees of the parliaments of Finland and the Baltic countries 26 August 2022 - 12:42 Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans one step away from a radiation disaster - address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2022 - 22:18 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Joseph Biden 25 August 2022 - 21:17 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in Kyiv 24 August 2022 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva met with the leadership of the committees of the parliaments of Finland and the Baltic countries 26 August 2022 - 12:42 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the leadership of the committees of the national parliaments of Finland and the Baltic countries. The meeting was attended by the heads of the foreign affairs committees of the Parliament of Finland Jussi Halla-aho, Estonia - Marko Mihkelson, Latvia - Rihards Kols, Lithuania - Laima Liucija Andrikienė. Ihor Zhovkva informed the foreign parliamentarians about the current security situation in our country in the context of ongoing Russian aggression. He called for maximum efforts to increase the volume of heavy weapons provided to Ukraine, as well as increase the sanctions pressure on the Russian Federation. In this regard, Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to the participants of the meeting for signing, together with the heads of the parliamentary committees of Denmark, Poland and the Czech Republic, the Joint Statement on strengthening sanctions against Russia for the war being waged against Ukraine. "An important element of the sanctions should be restrictions at the level of the European Union on issuing visas to Russian citizens," Ihor Zhovkva emphasized. The interlocutors discussed the prospects for the participation of the Baltic countries and Finland in a large-scale initiative for the reconstruction of Ukraine, in particular through patronage over one of the regions or cities of our state or the implementation of specific projects. During the meeting, the status of Ukraine's implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission necessary for further advancement of Ukraine on the way to EU membership was also discussed in detail. "The implementation of the recommendations of the European Commission is an ambitious and at the same time realistic task. We consolidated the work of all branches of the Ukrainian government in order to move to the next stage in 2023 - the start of negotiations on joining the EU," Ihor Zhovkva said. The heads of the committees of the national parliaments of Finland and the Baltic countries confirmed the unchanging support for the European integration strategy of Ukraine and their determination to provide the necessary expert assistance in the context of our country's further progress towards membership in the European Union. Special attention was paid during the meeting to the issue of the activities of the Crimea Platform. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked Finland and the Baltic countries, which were represented at the level of heads of state at the online summit of the initiative held on August 23, 2022. Ihor Zhovkva emphasized that Ukraine will continue work aimed at the de-occupation of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol. For this purpose, our state will initiate the holding of the first parliamentary summit of the Crimea Platform in the near future. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine