10 captures 08 Oct 2021 - 16 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikami-uryadu-estoniyi-pidt-70953 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of the Estonian government discussed support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration 5 October 2021 - 19:11 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary of State of the Government of Estonia Taimar Peterkop and Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov who are on a visit to Ukraine at the head of a representative delegation of eight ministries and the government apparatus of the Republic of Estonia. Ihor Zhovkva praised the initiative of the Estonian side to organize such a visit in order to hold working consultations in Ukrainian ministries and departments. This approach will allow to establish effective contacts between the departments of the two countries, as well as to discuss possible projects of practical cooperation at the level of the ministries of Ukraine and Estonia in certain areas. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the implementation of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic strategy and the importance of further exchange of experience between the countries on deepening cooperation with NATO, in particular in the field of cyber security. The interlocutors coordinated further steps regarding the interaction of the two states in order to implement Ukraine's strategic course towards integration into the European Union, in particular in the context of the forthcoming Ukraine-EU Summit. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked Estonia for its continued support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, in particular in the framework of non-permanent membership in the UN Security Council in 2020-2021. Ihor Zhovkva also praised the participation of the Estonian side at the presidential level in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform. For his part, Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov stressed the importance of Ukraine's practical launch of an initiative aimed at deoccupation of the territory of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol. He reaffirmed the willingness of the Republic of Estonia to actively participate in the activities of the Crimea Platform. Ihor Zhovkva and representatives of the Estonian government discussed support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with Secretary of State of the Government of Estonia Taimar Peterkop and Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov who are on a visit to Ukraine at the head of a representative delegation of eight ministries and the government apparatus of the Republic of Estonia. Ihor Zhovkva praised the initiative of the Estonian side to organize such a visit in order to hold working consultations in Ukrainian ministries and departments. This approach will allow to establish effective contacts between the departments of the two countries, as well as to discuss possible projects of practical cooperation at the level of the ministries of Ukraine and Estonia in certain areas. During the meeting, special attention was paid to the implementation of Ukraine's Euro-Atlantic strategy and the importance of further exchange of experience between the countries on deepening cooperation with NATO, in particular in the field of cyber security. The interlocutors coordinated further steps regarding the interaction of the two states in order to implement Ukraine's strategic course towards integration into the European Union, in particular in the context of the forthcoming Ukraine-EU Summit. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked Estonia for its continued support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, in particular in the framework of non-permanent membership in the UN Security Council in 2020-2021. Ihor Zhovkva also praised the participation of the Estonian side at the presidential level in the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform. For his part, Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov stressed the importance of Ukraine's practical launch of an initiative aimed at deoccupation of the territory of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol. He reaffirmed the willingness of the Republic of Estonia to actively participate in the activities of the Crimea Platform. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine