4 captures 16 Jun 2024 - 22 Jul 2025 May JUN Jul 16 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240616063645/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-chili-realizaciyu-fo-91545 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today Is the Day When the World Begins to Bring Just Peace Closer – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the First Plenary Session of the Global Peace Summit 15 June 2024 - 21:26 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy Discussed Food Security Issue with the President of Kenya 16 June 2024 - 00:49 The Head of State met with the President of Argentina 15 June 2024 - 22:47 Today Is the Day When the World Begins to Bring Just Peace Closer – Speech by the President of Ukraine at the First Plenary Session of the Global Peace Summit 15 June 2024 - 19:45 The Head of State Discussed Humanitarian Support for Ukraine with the Ecumenical Patriarch 15 June 2024 - 18:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Switzerland to Participate in the Peace Summit 15 June 2024 - 15:45 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Head of State Discussed the Implementation of the Peace Formula with the President of Chile 15 June 2024 - 16:57 On the sidelines of the inaugural Peace Summit in Switzerland, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of Chile Gabriel Boric. The Head of State praised Gabriel Boric's personal participation in the Global Peace Summit and broad representation of Latin American countries at the level of leaders. "Thank you for your decision to participate in the Summit. We are very pleased to see such important partners," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The leaders discussed expectations from the Global Peace Summit and further steps to implement the Peace Formula. "It is very important for us to support Ukraine and its territorial integrity. We are here, we will continue to strongly support your position," the Chilean President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gabriel Boric exchanged views on the possibility of organizing a meeting on the further implementation of the Peace Formula and bilateral cooperation. The heads of state noted the effectiveness of the visit to Chile by the Ukrainian government delegation headed by First Deputy Prime Minister Yuliia Svyrydenko last month. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Switzerland to Participate in the Peace Summit 15 June 2024 - 15:45 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Switzerland to Participate in the Peace Summit 15 June 2024 - 15:45 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine