4 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 17 May 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003215255/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-provela-videozustrich-iz-pershoyu-ledi-nimech-85969 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska holds video meeting with First Lady of Germany Elke Büdenbender 29 September 2023 - 18:51 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska held a video meeting with First Lady of Germany Elke Büdenbender. The wife of the President of Ukraine thanked her colleague for participation in the third Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, which took place in Kyiv on September 6, 2023. "As you know, the central theme of the Summit was mental health. We chose this topic, understanding the particular importance of mental well-being for every person on Earth, regardless of the country they live in. Because wars, crises, natural disasters, and epidemics affect each of us, our ability to live and act," Olena Zelenska said. The Summit was attended by 27 first ladies and gentlemen from around the world, with eight of them attending the event in Kyiv in person. The summit consisted of three panels, and the discussions were moderated by the British actor, writer, and mental health activist, Stephen Fry. For the first time in the history of the Summit, there was a Mental Stage – a second stage where additional panels were held. Prominent figures from the world of culture, including directors Sean Penn, Bernard-Henri Lévy, and Michel Hazanavicius, discussed the impact of culture on mental health. In addition, results of a study on mental health and attitudes towards it in different parts of the world were presented for discussion during all three panels of the Summit. The survey was conducted by the British company Alligator Digital in 11 countries, including Germany. "I am pleased to share its results with you, which can be useful for your work," Olena Zelenska said, when addressing Elke Büdenbender. The First Lady of Ukraine said that another important outcome of the Summit was the satellite summit of health ministers from different countries, where the unique project "International Medical Partnership" was initiated. Within its framework, 25 memorandums of cooperation were signed between medical institutions of Ukraine and other countries. "This will enable us to save human lives, which are under constant threat in Ukraine due to Russian aggression, more quickly and effectively. It will serve to support and strengthen Ukraine's healthcare system, which has been under tremendous strain and tested by the war for the second year. However, these memorandums are bilateral. We seek not only to receive but also to give. Experts from foreign clinics will have the opportunity to borrow experience from their Ukrainian colleagues in saving lives in extreme conditions. All participants will be able to conduct joint operations, research, and training," the First Lady of Ukraine said. Olena Zelenska expressed her gratitude for the participation in this project to Federal Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach and for all the support from Germany in the field of healthcare. Germany is Ukraine's largest partner in the initiative for medical evacuation abroad for the treatment and rehabilitation of Ukrainians affected by military aggression from Russia. To date, over 900 Ukrainian citizens have been sent to Germany, with over 600 of them being severely wounded soldiers. The First Lady of Ukraine emphasized that the Summit is a year-round platform that works daily to save lives. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine