5 captures 01 Apr 2023 - 04 Nov 2024 Mar APR May 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230401072356/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-iz-predstavnikami-ukrayinskih-ta-miz-81961 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Four hundred days of our defense against full-scale aggression is a colossal path that we have endured together - address by the President of Ukraine 30 March 2023 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news Full accountability is what teaches an aggressor to live in peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during the Bucha Summit 31 March 2023 - 22:10 Bucha Declaration on accountability for the most serious crimes under international law committed on the territory of Ukraine 31 March 2023 - 20:45 Joint declaration of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Slovenia Robert Golob 31 March 2023 - 19:22 The head of the Ukrainian state holds meeting with President of Moldova 31 March 2023 - 18:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the occasion of the liberation of the Ukrainian territories from the Russian invaders 31 March 2023 - 13:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed topical issues with representatives of Ukrainian and international media 31 March 2023 - 10:54 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak met with representatives of Ukrainian and international media. Roman Mashovets and Oleksiy Kuleba, Deputy Heads of the Office of the President, also took part in the conversation. At the meeting, a number of topical issues of the Ukrainian agenda were discussed. In particular, emphasis was placed on strengthening the military support of Ukraine by partners and allies and enlargement of the defense capabilities of our country. The parties also touched upon the situation at the front and the provision of Ukrainian servicemen. The course of formation of the "Offensive Guard" in the system of the Ministry of Internal Affairs and new brigades of the Armed Forces, mobilization, preparation of the Ukrainian army for a counteroffensive were discussed. Particular attention was paid to the international direction, in particular to the political, economic and energy cooperation of Ukraine with partners. In this context, the participants touched upon the issue of cooperation with the states of the G7 and the Global South, in particular with those that are still neutral regarding the Russian-Ukrainian war. The participants of the meeting also paid attention to the topic of continuation and strengthening of the sanctions policy against the Russian Federation, the issue of confiscation of Russian assets in favor of Ukraine, the return home of deported Ukrainian children from Russia, the prolongation of the grain agreement and a number of other initiatives of our country aimed at ensuring food security in the world. In addition, the issue of the work of the Congress of Regional and Local Authorities under the President of Ukraine was discussed during the meeting. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine