1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004024553/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=165 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine appreciates the Czech Republic's unconditional support for our movement towards membership in the EU and NATO - Ihor Zhovkva 10 November 2022 - 17:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with the delegation of the Czech Republic led by Deputy Minister of Defense Tomáš Kopečný. The enemy does not bring us gifts, "gestures of goodwill," we fight our way up – address of President of Ukraine 9 November 2022 - 22:44 We move very carefully, without emotions, without unnecessary risk. In the interests of the liberation of our entire land and so that the losses are as small as possible. This is how we will secure the liberation of Kherson, Kakhovka, Donetsk, and other our cities. Olena Zelenska takes part in opening of Survivor Relief Centre in Kyiv 9 November 2022 - 19:31 Here, people who have left the zone of active hostilities, temporarily occupied territories, can receive comprehensive social and psychological support. Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 9 November 2022 - 17:24 Members of the Staff listened to the reports of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the commanders of the task forces about the situation at the front lines, coordinated the actions of the defense forces to repel the armed aggression of the Russian Federation and liberate Ukrainian territories from the invaders. Roman Mashovets holds meeting with diplomats of Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary 9 November 2022 - 16:34 The representatives of the diplomatic corps were briefed on the current situation at the front and the measures taken by the defense forces to counter Russian aggression. Ukrainian and global human rights organizations should receive operational information about human rights violations by the Russian aggressor - Andriy Yermak 9 November 2022 - 13:31 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference meeting with representatives of Ukrainian and international human rights organizations devoted to the issue of ensuring the rights of Ukrainian military and civilian prisoners held by the Russian Federation. The text of the Joint Appeal of the President of Ukraine, the Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada and the Prime Minister to NATO regarding our country's membership in the Alliance has been published 9 November 2022 - 10:09 “We appeal to make the decision regarding Ukraine's membership in the Alliance, as an integral part of ensuring the security of Ukrainians and citizens of the entire Euro-Atlantic area,” the Appeal reads. We are doing everything to ensure that the Russian plan to turn winter into a weapon fails - address by the President of Ukraine 8 November 2022 - 23:03 The import of goods needed during the heating season will be exempt from VAT and import duty. This should simplify and reduce the cost of supplying Ukraine with generators, batteries, transformers and other equipment for energy and heat supply. We count on Iceland's support for the earliest possible accession of Ukraine to the North Atlantic Alliance - Ihor Zhovkva 8 November 2022 - 20:39 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Iceland Auðunn Atlason. There can be no effective climate policy without peace on earth - address by the President of Ukraine to the participants of the 27th UN Conference on Climate Change in Sharm el-Sheikh 8 November 2022 - 19:44 I invite you all to support our initiative presented here at the Conference – creation of a global platform to assess the Impact of military actions on climate and environment. 1 2 ... 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine