4 captures 08 Sep 2024 - 06 Sep 2025 Aug SEP Oct 08 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240908194813/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=169 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Main Focus Now, at the Beginning of the Fall, is to Strengthen the Positions of Ukraine as Much as Possible – Address by the President 8 September 2024 - 20:02 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy 6 September 2024 - 21:30 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine wants peace and does not intend to move to the occupied territories by force - Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council 18 February 2022 - 22:16 What is happening now in Donbas is an attempt by Russia to provoke our Armed Forces to take certain action, but Ukraine wants peace and does not intend to move to the occupied territories by force. This was stated by Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov at a briefing held at the President's Office. Roman Mashovets discussed with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine the prospects of cooperation in the field of security and defense 18 February 2022 - 20:21 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Ambassador of Japan Kuninori Matsuda and discussed the security situation around Ukraine and ways to develop Ukrainian-Japanese cooperation on a wide range of security and defense issues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A global document is needed between the world's leading states, which would put Ukraine's security guarantees on paper 17 February 2022 - 19:12 As long as Ukraine is not a full member of NATO, it is necessary to conclude a global document between the world's leading states, which would put security guarantees for our country on paper. This was emphasized by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for RBC-Ukraine. President: By strengthening the Ukrainian army, international partners are helping themselves as well 17 February 2022 - 18:36 Ukraine not only defends its territory, but also deters further encroachments in Eastern Europe. Therefore, the weapons provided to our country by international partners are an aid to them as well, said President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for RBC-Ukraine. In Donbas, the President honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for Avdiivka 17 February 2022 - 17:16 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited Avdiivka and honored the memory of Ukrainian defenders perished in the battles for the city. President visited the frontline positions of the military in the Donetsk region 17 February 2022 - 15:28 During a working trip to the Donetsk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the positions of Ukrainian servicemen on the front line of defense, where intense shelling continues. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had an urgent phone conversation with the President of the European Council 17 February 2022 - 14:49 The President put emphasis upon the shelling of a kindergarten in Stanytsia Luhanska by illegal armed groups this morning and called it a big provocation. President observed the procedure of service of the Marine Guard of the State Border Guard Service in the waters of the Sea of Azov 17 February 2022 - 12:28 The Head of State put to sea aboard the Captain Chusov search and rescue ship. Volodymyr Zelenskyy heard information on the implementation of tasks by Marine Guard units in the Ukrainian part of the Sea of Azov. Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace - President 17 February 2022 - 12:06 Ukraine is ready for any format of talks with Russia to establish peace, but despite public statements, the Russian side does not show willingness for a real conversation. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Mariupol, Donetsk region. Ukraine is welcome to NATO, yet not by all members of the Alliance - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 17 February 2022 - 11:57 Ukraine has been moving towards NATO membership for a long time, but, as in many other issues of sovereign choice, our country is being opposed on the path to Euro-Atlantic integration. The Head of State said this during a conversation with media representatives in Mariupol, Donetsk region. 1 2 ... 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 ... 177 178 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine