5 captures 06 Aug 2022 - 18 Oct 2025 Jul AUG Sep 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220806160642/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-nagorodiv-ukrayinskih-polyarnikiv-z-nagodi-25-66385 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The more our grain will be on the global market, the smaller will be the harvest of political chaos – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2022 - 22:45 View all videos n latest news President holds meeting on compensating Ukraine for damage caused by Russia's aggression 6 August 2022 - 10:43 The more our grain will be on the global market, the smaller will be the harvest of political chaos – address of President of Ukraine 5 August 2022 - 22:43 UNITED24 platform initiated by President raises over UAH 6 bln in three months 5 August 2022 - 20:37 Andriy Yermak discusses support for Ukraine with Jacob Sullivan 5 August 2022 - 18:35 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Odesa region 29 July 2022 - 13:10 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President awarded Ukrainian polar explorers on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Antarctic Station "Vernadsky Research Base” 6 February 2021 - 18:34 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to prominent Ukrainian polar explorers for their contribution to scientific activities in Antarctica and on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Ukrainian Antarctic Station "Vernadsky Research Base". "Every great story is first and foremost about the people who made it possible. I thank the representatives of the Ukrainian polar community present here, as well as all those who worked at the Vernadsky station in different years. I believe that the history of Vernadsky, the history of "Ukrainian Antarctica" will be continued and will be successful. I thank our polar explorers for their work, contribution to science and strengthening the image of Ukraine in the world," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. He also thanked the United Kingdom, which a quarter of a century ago handed over its Faraday research station to Ukraine, for this friendly step, which allowed Ukrainians to continue their scientific history in Antarctica. Ambassador of the United Kingdom to Ukraine Melinda Simmons, in turn, noted that she was very pleased to represent her country at the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the transfer of the British Faraday station to Ukraine and the appearance of the Vernadsky Research Base. "This decision symbolizes our real support of scientists of already independent Ukraine. Although we know that Ukrainian scientists worked in Antarctica long before that - as part of Soviet missions. Therefore, we are glad that Britain has played a role in returning Ukraine to the group of countries studying this continent. Antarctica is of great importance to the planet. All countries must strongly counteract global warming to protect and preserve it for future generations. Taking this opportunity, I congratulate all of us, especially Ukrainian polar explorers, on this milestone,” she said. Chief of the National Antarctic Research Center of the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine Yevhen Dykyy noted that Ukraine is a member of the prestigious club of Antarctic states. He thanked the President for his assurances of further support from the state for its most remote outpost on the planet, located 15,000 kilometers from home. ph Participation in the events on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Antarctic Station Vernadsky Research Base” 6 February 2021 - 17:46 ph Participation in the events on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the Antarctic Station Vernadsky Research Base” 6 February 2021 - 17:46 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine