1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025536/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=163 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Russia is told about peace, it responds with missiles - address by the President of Ukraine 15 November 2022 - 22:28 Russia opposes itself to the world. Russia loses on the battlefield. Russia terrorizes us and everyone it can reach. Let's do everything to stop it! Poland stands in the fairway of Ukraine's progress on the way to the EU - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 19:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva paid a working visit to the Republic of Poland. During his stay in Warsaw, he held a meeting with Poland's newly appointed Minister for European Union Affairs Szymon Szynkowski vel Sęk. The Baltic countries and Poland are the most loyal allies of Ukraine, who are bringing our victory closer with concrete and consistent actions - Ihor Zhovkva 15 November 2022 - 12:45 On November 14, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva was on a working visit to the Republic of Lithuania. At the invitation of Chief Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Lithuania Asta Skaisgirytė, he took part in the annual meeting of advisors to the presidents of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. Ukraine has always been a leader in peacemaking efforts; if Russia wants to end this war, let it prove it with actions - speech by the President of Ukraine at the G20 Summit 15 November 2022 - 07:31 We respect the rules and we are people of our word. Ukraine has always been a leader in peacekeeping efforts, and the world has witnessed it. And if Russia says that it supposedly wants to end this war, let it prove it with actions. The reparations that Russia will have to pay for what it has committed are now part of the international legal reality - address by the President of Ukraine 14 November 2022 - 23:55 It is happiness for everyone when Russia is driven out. Happiness, which will also be in those cities and communities of ours, which are deprived of a normal life by Russia both after February 24 and in 2014. We will return everything. We will return normal life. And we know that peace for Ukraine is getting closer. Andriy Yermak held a meeting of the Coordination Council of Ukraine for the Protection and Safety of Children with the participation of António Guterres, ambassadors of the G20 countries and human rights defenders 14 November 2022 - 21:17 Andriy Yermak emphasized that the meeting should contribute to the fastest possible cessation of mass crimes committed by the Russian Federation against hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian children. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on stabilization measures in the de-occupied Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 18:27 In Mykolaiv, Volodymyr Zelenskyy also visited the humanitarian headquarters that operates under the RMA and has been providing assistance to people in need since the first days of full-scale Russian aggression. President of Ukraine presented state awards to the Ukrainian servicemen who liberated the Kherson region 14 November 2022 - 17:12 As part of a working trip to the de-occupied part of the Kherson region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to the servicemen who distinguished themselves during the liberation of Kherson and the region. Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and we will go a difficult path to victory - President in Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:48 Ukraine is liberating the occupied territories step by step, and despite the hard battles and the high price of victory, our state will go this difficult path. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with media representatives in Kherson. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in hoisting the State Flag of Ukraine in liberated Kherson 14 November 2022 - 13:21 During a working trip to the de-occupied Kherson, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the ceremony of hoisting the State Flag on the central square of the city. 1 2 ... 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine