7 captures 08 Dec 2022 - 06 May 2024 Nov DEC Jan 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221208130045/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zaklikav-ssha-pidtrimati-stvorennya-spectribun-79717 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is an honor for me to represent all Ukrainians - President's speech at the annual announcement of the list of the most influential people in Europe Politico 28 8 December 2022 - 12:15 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy was designated as the most influential person of the year in Europe according to Politico 8 December 2022 - 12:22 It is an honor for me to represent all Ukrainians - President's speech at the annual announcement of the list of the most influential people in Europe Politico 28 8 December 2022 - 12:14 Andriy Yermak called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal for Russia 8 December 2022 - 10:09 Russia will be held to account for all stolen assets of the Ukrainian state and companies - address by the President of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 22:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal for Russia 8 December 2022 - 10:09 Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, opening the discussion "Criminal Prosecution for the Crime of Aggression Committed in Ukraine" in Washington, called on the US to support the creation of a special tribunal that will try the top leadership of Russia. "Peace is a universal value. I am sure that all of you appreciate it, and there is no such person and no such people who do not dream of peace when someone destroys it. But peace is impossible without justice. And justice is impossible without judiciary," Andriy Yermak said during his speech. That is why, in his opinion, a mandatory element of the peace formula is the creation of a special tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. "The crime of aggression is the alpha and omega of the war. To start a criminal and unprovoked war is to open the door to thousands of crimes of various levels committed during hostilities and in the occupied territory," the Head of the President's Office emphasized. In his opinion, it is not enough to find and prosecute everyone who has committed war crimes. "Those in whose heads the hell of aggression has ripened must also be punished. Who gave the order to start this criminal war and who organized the terror. This is what justice is. That is why Ukraine appeals to you and the United States of America to support our efforts to establish a special tribunal for the crime of Russian aggression," he said. The discussion "Criminal Prosecution for the Crime of Aggression Committed in Ukraine" was held by two authoritative US think tanks - the United States Institute of Peace and the Atlantic Council. It was attended by: the leadership of the US Department of State, members of the House of Representatives, senators and representatives of the largest think tanks, including Human Right Watch, Open Society, etc. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine