6 captures 17 Oct 2023 - 13 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 17 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231017013954/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-rozmovu-z-ministrom-zakordonnih-sprav-m-86397 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are working to provide our warriors with more air defense, more protection for our cities, so that they can maintain life – address by the President of Ukraine 16 October 2023 - 21:30 View all videos n latest news We are working to provide our warriors with more air defense, more protection for our cities, so that they can maintain life – address by the President of Ukraine 16 October 2023 - 21:30 Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malta 16 October 2023 - 21:27 An expanded meeting of the Presidium of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine on the issues of Kyiv region was held under the chairmanship of Andriy Yermak and with the participation of Penny Pritzker 16 October 2023 - 20:47 President met with U.S. Special Representative for Ukraine's Economic Recovery 16 October 2023 - 16:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Odesa region and a meeting with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 13 October 2023 - 13:53 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malta 16 October 2023 - 21:27 On the instructions of the President, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Malta Ian Borg. Andriy Yermak briefed the Minister on the current security situation and Ukraine's preparations for the winter period, in particular, the need to strengthen the protection of energy infrastructure facilities from Russian terrorist attacks. The Head of the President's Office informed on the preparations to hold the third meeting at the level of national security advisors and diplomatic advisors in the nearest future, which will focus on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the organization of the Global Peace Summit. He noted the participation of the Ambassador of Malta in regular thematic meetings at the ambassadorial level dedicated to specific points of the Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak expressed gratitude to Malta and its people for their continued support of Ukraine and drew attention to the fact that this country is well known for its participation in humanitarian initiatives and is an authority in advocating for peace and security. The interlocutors discussed the importance of cooperation in the context of expanding the circle of countries that support the Peace Formula by including the states of the Global South. "Malta, as a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council, focuses on the issues that are part of the Peace Formula: security, resilience and solidarity. We also need to develop an effective platform for deepening the dialogue with the countries of the Global South, and Malta's role is very important for us," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Malta agreed to continue the dialogue and enhance coordination on the issues raised during the conversation. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine