1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050836/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=11 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ihor Zhovkva discussed security situation in Donbas with Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia 13 May 2021 - 20:14 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a working meeting with Secretary General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia Jonatan Vseviov. Andriy Yermak met with ambassadors of G7, Sweden and EU as regards Donbas peace process and corporate governance reform 13 May 2021 - 19:18 At a meeting with the ambassadors of the G7, Sweden and the European Union, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the latest initiatives of our country on the peace process to end the war in Donbas and on the corporate governance reform. One of the topics of a possible meeting between the Presidents of Ukraine and Russia may be the state of implementation of the Paris Summit agreements - Andriy Yermak 13 May 2021 - 11:53 The terms of the meeting between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of Russia Vladimir Putin are being agreed, but it is too early to announce the details. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak in a comment to RBC-Ukraine. Andriy Yermak: The United States has once again confirmed that it is a strategic partner of Ukraine 6 May 2021 - 16:25 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak believes that the United States' support for Ukraine's aspirations for a NATO Membership Action Plan (MAP) is another indication of the strategic partnership between the two countries. Ihor Zhovkva discussed counteraction to the pandemic and security situation in eastern Ukraine with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Azerbaijan 22 April 2021 - 20:48 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with Foreign Policy Advisor to the President of Azerbaijan Hikmet Hajiyev. Roman Mashovets discussed defense reforms in Ukraine with Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov 22 April 2021 - 18:57 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets met with Head of the NATO Representation to Ukraine Alexander Vinnikov to discuss the situation in the east of our country and near the Ukrainian border, Allies' support for Ukraine's national security sector, defense reforms and our country’s path towards NATO accession. Andriy Yermak and G7 ambassadors discussed the course of negotiations on ending the war in Donbas, renewal of the CCU and a number of important reforms in Ukraine 21 April 2021 - 22:11 First of all, Andriy Yermak informed the diplomats about the security situation in Donbas and near the borders of Ukraine and about the progress of negotiations on ending the war and establishing peace, in particular at the level of political advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format. Ihor Zhovkva and Permanent Under-Secretary of State, Head of the Foreign Policy Department at the Office of the Prime Minister of Denmark discussed support for Ukraine 20 April 2021 - 18:21 The diplomatic adviser to the President of Ukraine informed his Danish counterpart about the aggravation of the security situation on the Ukrainian-Russian border and in the occupied territories of Ukraine. The interlocutors also discussed cooperation between Ukraine and Denmark in the field of European integration of our country. Advisers to the leaders of the Normandy format agreed to continue coordination of clusters on the implementation of the Minsk agreements 19 April 2021 - 22:46 On April 19, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak took part in a video conference of political advisers to the leaders of the countries participating in the Normandy format. Ihor Zhovkva and Diplomatic Advisor to Spanish Prime Minister discussed preparation of bilateral political dialogue measures 15 April 2021 - 09:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Spain Emma Aparici. During the conversation, special attention was paid to the aggravation of the security situation in eastern Ukraine and the increase in the activity of Russian troops on the borders of our state. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine