4 captures 03 Oct 2024 - 15 Dec 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241003113713/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=02-10-2023&date-to=02-10-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Are Working to Speed Up Our Partners' Decision on the Funds from the Use of Russian Assets – Address by the President 1 October 2024 - 19:30 View all videos n latest news Winterization, Protection of Energy Facilities and Construction of School Shelters: the President Met with the USAID Administrator 2 October 2024 - 20:31 Now, in All Areas and at All Levels, We Are Preparing Maximum Results for the State for this Fall – Address by the President 2 October 2024 - 20:10 The President Met with the Ambassador of Japan to Ukraine and Thanked Him for Strengthening Bilateral Relations 2 October 2024 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak Took Part in Plenary Session of the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 2 October 2024 - 11:34 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the Second International Forum of Defense Industries 1 October 2024 - 18:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The President Met with the Leader of the Dutch Party for Freedom Geert Wilders 7 September 2024 - 13:15 During the Ambrosetti Forum in Italy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the leader of the Party for Freedom, Member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands Geert Wilders. Support for Ukraine, Implementation of the Peace Formula and Reconstruction: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Giorgia Meloni 7 September 2024 - 12:34 On the sidelines of the Ambrosetti Forum, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Council of Ministers of Italy Giorgia Meloni. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Italian Business Representatives Discussed Cooperation with Ukrainian Companies 7 September 2024 - 08:54 On the sidelines of the Ambrosetti Forum in Cernobbio, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of Italian business – more than 30 leading companies from various branches of the economy. The President Met with the Delegation of the U.S. Congress Led by Senator Lindsey Graham 6 September 2024 - 21:40 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a bipartisan and bicameral delegation of the U.S. Congress in the framework of the 50th Ambrosetti International Forum in Italy. In Germany, Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with Olaf Scholz 6 September 2024 - 17:23 Among the issues discussed at the meeting were the implementation of the bilateral security agreement and possible areas for expanding defense cooperation, including joint arms production. Additional Air Defense Systems and Long-Range Capabilities: The President of Ukraine Met with the U.S. Secretary of Defense 6 September 2024 - 15:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin during the Ukraine Defense Contact Group meeting in the Ramstein format. At the Ramstein Base, the President of Ukraine Met with the German Defense Minister 6 September 2024 - 14:56 During the meeting, they also discussed the timeline for the delivery of further defense assistance from Germany, specifically to enhance the protection of Ukraine's skies. At the Ramstein Meeting, the President Urged Partner Countries to Deliver Defense Packages on Time and Grant Permission for Long-Range Capabilities 6 September 2024 - 12:47 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the 24th meeting of the Ukraine Defense Contact Group in the Ramstein format. Continued Defense Cooperation and Preparation of a New Aid Package: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Had a Phone Call with Emmanuel Macron 5 September 2024 - 23:48 Volodymyr Zelenskyy outlined Ukraine’s primary needs, particularly in air defense, electronic warfare systems, armored vehicles, and artillery. The Head of State emphasized the necessity of obtaining permission and means from partner countries to strike at the bases of carriers of guided aerial bombs. Zhytomyr Region and the U.S. State of Indiana Signed a Memorandum of Cooperation 5 September 2024 - 17:04 Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Indiana Governor Eric Holcomb (USA) in Kyiv. In the presence of the Head of State, a Memorandum of Cooperation between the Zhytomyr region and the state of Indiana was signed. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 84 85 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine