6 captures 06 May 2022 - 14 Nov 2025 Apr MAY Jun 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220506140759/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-pospilkuvavsya-po-videozvyazku-z-andzhelinoyu-74829 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Brave Ukraine Charity Event, the people of Great Britain and the people of Ukraine 6 May 2022 - 00:06 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Baltic foreign ministers discussed support for Ukraine during the Russian aggression 6 May 2022 - 14:31 Andriy Yermak had a video conversation with Angelina Jolie who intends to deal with humanitarian issues in Ukraine 6 May 2022 - 13:55 Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Brave Ukraine Charity Event, the people of Great Britain and the people of Ukraine 5 May 2022 - 23:58 President of Ukraine held an online meeting with the 43rd President of the United States George W. Bush 5 May 2022 - 20:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the ceremony of awarding state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen defenders 6 May 2022 - 13:46 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a video conversation with Angelina Jolie who intends to deal with humanitarian issues in Ukraine 6 May 2022 - 13:55 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a video conversation with the famous American actress, Special Envoy to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Angelina Jolie. During the preliminary conversation, the Head of the President's Office invited Angelina Jolie to Ukraine, after which she arrived in Lviv. Andriy Yermak thanked the actress for her recent visit to Ukraine for humanitarian purposes, which inspired many Ukrainians and attracted the attention of Ukrainian and world media. "Everyone you met was very happy. It is extremely valuable when an inspiring person like you communicates with those who are having a hard time now, shares energy and feelings with them," he said. For her part, Angelina Jolie thanked for the assistance in organizing and supporting her trip to Lviv. She noted that she was very touched by the communication with Ukrainians she met and volunteers who help others a lot. "I am deeply committed to helping them in every way possible for me, especially the children. I will do my best for children in your country," she said. Andriy Yermak and Angelina Jolie discussed the need for practical steps to address the problems facing Ukrainian children due to the war, including forced relocation, parting with loved ones, physical and psychological trauma. The actress spoke about her readiness to cooperate with responsible persons and structures that directly take care of children's problems in order to properly organize all the necessary activities and provide practical assistance. The Hollywood star said she is also very worried about the fate of children left without care, those who stay in the temporarily occupied territories or were deported. Andriy Yermak reminded that the First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska takes great care of children’s problems and barrier-free environment. He also informed Angelina Jolie about the launch of the United24 project initiated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, which should unite people from all over the world around the desire to help Ukraine. He asked her to consider joining the initiative. The Head of the Office of the President invited Angelina Jolie to visit Ukraine again. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine