9 captures 24 Jul 2020 - 23 Apr 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214031728/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-realizaciyi-programi-spivrobitnictva-shvejcariyi-z-ukra-62349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Current events 108 million Swiss francs were allocated for the implementation of the Swiss-Ukrainian Cooperation Program - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 July 2020 - 14:37 To implement the Swiss program of cooperation with Ukraine for 2020-2023, 108 million Swiss francs will be allocated for humanitarian and technical assistance. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy after talks with President of the Swiss Confederation Simonetta Sommaruga in Kyiv. The President noted that the talks with the President of the Swiss Confederation were fruitful and meaningful. Today, for the first time in the history of bilateral diplomatic relations, the President of Switzerland is paying a state visit to Ukraine. "Undoubtedly, Ukraine and Switzerland are interested in developing further partnership and bilateral cooperation… We have agreed to develop those areas of cooperation that are of mutual interest for both countries. They are determined by the Memorandum of Partnership on Bilateral Relations signed today," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said during a conversation with media representatives after the Ukrainian-Swiss talks in Kyiv. According to him, the document launched the Program of Cooperation between Switzerland and Ukraine for the next three years, and for its implementation the Swiss party has allocated 108 million Swiss francs for humanitarian and technical assistance. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that during the talks a lot of attention was paid to the issue of peace in Donbas. "We talked about the steps Ukraine is taking together with its partners to achieve it. I thank Switzerland for the clear and consistent support of our state sovereignty and the preservation of restrictive measures against the Russian Federation until the restoration of Ukraine's territorial integrity," the President of Ukraine stressed. The Head of State also thanked Switzerland for providing humanitarian assistance to Ukrainians affected by the war in Donbas on both sides of the line of delimitation. Also, according to the President, the government of the Swiss Confederation is ready to actively assist Ukrainians in Donbas, in particular in providing drinking water and modernizing infrastructure projects. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that on July 23 he and his Swiss counterpart plan to visit the area near the frontline. "It is very important and valuable for me when world leaders who come to Ukraine go east with me and see with their own eyes the extent of disaster the war has brought to Ukraine," Volodymyr Zelenskyy added. The President clarified that the date of the meeting of the heads of state in the Normandy format will be determined in the near future. "We understand that, in principle, we have confirmation from the German party, confirmation from the French party and agreement that the Russian Federation is not against meeting either. Because I think everyone understands how important it is for all of us to meet in this format. Therefore, we expect the date of the meeting in the Normandy format to be determined in the near future," the Ukrainian President said. For her part, President of the Swiss Confederation Simonetta Sommaruga stressed the need to deepen cooperation between the two countries. "Ukraine has been one of the main countries in Switzerland's international cooperation for over 20 years… Now is the time to develop our relations. We must use everything we have achieved to develop our potential economically, politically, scientifically and culturally,” she said. Simonetta Sommaruga also noted Switzerland's contribution to the peaceful settlement of the situation in Donbas and welcomed the recent release of detainees. "Switzerland does not recognize the annexation of Crimea. Switzerland believes that the UN and the OSCE should immediately send representatives of international human rights organizations there," the President of the Swiss Confederation added. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine