5 captures 13 Sep 2022 - 17 Jan 2026 Aug SEP Oct 13 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220913212020/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/majbutnij-bezpekovij-dogovir-dlya-ukrayini-maye-buti-yuridic-77745 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:10 Andriy Yermak familiarized the advisors to the heads of state and government of the countries of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries with the developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 21:06 A regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 13 September 2022 - 20:08 Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Japanese parliamentary delegation discussed participation in the Fast Recovery Plan and the restoration of the infrastructure of the Kharkiv region 13 September 2022 - 19:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The future security agreement for Ukraine must be legally binding and contain specific terms - Andriy Yermak 13 September 2022 - 18:12 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak notes that our state seeks the conclusion of an agreement on security guarantees, which would contain clear legal obligations and specific terms of response in the event of a new potential aggression against Ukraine. He said this during a meeting with media representatives dedicated to the presentation of recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine developed by the Yermak-Rasmussen International Working Group. "The document we are presenting today is recommendations. It is not the final text of the future security treaty. But I would like to emphasize the importance for us that this document is legally binding," Andriy Yermak emphasized. According to him, the future security structure for Ukraine should include not only a large framework agreement, but also the possibility of signing more detailed bilateral agreements, as well as agreements that may be aimed at solving certain issues. For example, agreements on air security to protect Ukrainian skies, or on security in the Black Sea region. "It is important that all these agreements be ratified by the parliaments of the countries, which would give them a legally binding character," he is convinced. Andriy Yermak noted that Ukraine will insist that the future compact contain clear terms. "Today, the whole world saw its mistake that such powerful tools as, for example, sanctions, were not used before the start of the war. Therefore, it is extremely important for any potential aggressor to see in this document: if he does something, this and that will happen within 24, 48, 72 hours. And directly in the text of the compact, of course, these terms will be specified," he said. For his part, former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen explained that the name of the future document is compact. This allows avoiding the association with the Budapest Memorandum, which is ineffective, and this term is much more powerful. He emphasized the importance of undertaking political commitments so that the defense aid to Ukraine in the event of a new aggression is provided urgently. "If Ukraine is attacked again in the future, then at its request, the guarantors will have to gather for collective consultations within a very short time, for example 24 hours. And on the basis of these consultations, the guarantor countries, together or individually, can take measures within, for example, 72 hours," said Anders Fogh Rasmussen. Andriy Yermak concluded that from now on Ukraine's task is to work out basic proposals with all partner states capable of becoming guarantors of its security, to build such political and legal mechanisms that will not give the aggressor a single chance. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine