5 captures 10 Nov 2023 - 09 Nov 2025 Oct NOV Dec 10 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231110035740/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-ukrayinskim-dityam-vipalo-nadto-bagato-viprob-86893 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are working with all partners to bolster air defense for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 November 2023 - 18:47 View all videos n latest news Olena Zelenska: Ukrainian children have faced too many challenges due to the Russian invasion, we must protect them 9 November 2023 - 21:10 President of Ukraine had a video call with the President of Paraguay 9 November 2023 - 20:01 We are working with all partners to bolster air defense for Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 9 November 2023 - 18:45 The First Lady and representatives of the Ukrainian Institute visited the Sorbonne University: a memorandum of cooperation was signed and books were donated to the library 9 November 2023 - 16:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska: Ukrainian children have faced too many challenges due to the Russian invasion, we must protect them 9 November 2023 - 21:10 During her visit to France, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, together with First Lady Brigitte Macron and Minister of Education Gabriel Attal, visited the Elementary School de l'Arbalete, a French public school located in the central part of Paris, in the historic 5th arrondissement. Currently, 268 children, including two students from Ukraine, are studying at this school. In total, as of November this year, 17,089 Ukrainian children are enrolled in secondary schools in France. In April 2022, with the assistance of the Embassy of Ukraine in France, the Academy of Paris opened Ukrainian language courses for temporarily displaced children from Ukraine at the School de l'Arbalete. The courses are free of charge and are available to both Ukrainians and children of other nationalities who study in Parisian schools under the French education system. Currently, 56 children attend the courses at this institution. The language is also taught in two other schools in Paris, in the 12th and 19th arrondissements. The total number of children attending courses in the three schools is 170. To provide teaching at the courses, the Academy of Paris has allocated a total of eight positions for Ukrainian language teachers. They were taken up by teachers who found protection from Russian aggression in Ukraine in France. "Ukrainian children have faced too many challenges because of the Russian invasion. From physical danger to moral trials due to the need to leave home and take root in a new place, often in a new culture. I really want to protect them from all possible hardships, to give them a sense of confidence, a sense of the future. It is very encouraging that here, in France, people understand this and are already doing it," Olena Zelenska emphasized. v Videos ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 ph Visit of the First Lady of Ukraine to France 9 November 2023 - 17:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine