1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025539/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=22 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 20 March 2023 - 23:07 The Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the importance of providing the Ukrainian defense forces with the additional weapons and ammunition as soon as possible. Sanctions against Russia are working, but there are opportunities to toughen them – study conducted by Yermak-McFaul International Expert Group jointly with KSE experts 18 March 2023 - 17:59 The authors of the study agree that the impact of the sanctions burden on the Russian economy, in particular on its trade and the public sector, continues to intensify. The experts believe that 2023 may become a turning point in the economic impact on the aggressor country. Representatives of Ukraine and the United States discussed repelling aggression 18 March 2023 - 00:05 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak, Minister of Defense of Ukraine Oleksiy Reznikov and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valeriy Zaluzhny held a meeting via video link with the participation of National Security Advisor to the U.S. President Jake Sullivan, U.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark A. Milley. Today, our youth have huge opportunities to declare themselves and do a lot for Ukraine in the world – Andriy Yermak at a meeting with students of the Institute of International Relations 17 March 2023 - 21:03 On Friday, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv. He said he is very pleased to communicate with young people studying at the higher education institution, which he once graduated from. Ihor Zhovkva holds meeting with Czech governmental envoy for Ukraine's reconstruction 17 March 2023 - 18:45 Zhovkva noted the high level of support for Ukraine from the Czech Republic in matters of European and Euro-Atlantic integration, as well as the important role of the Czech Republic in strengthening the defense capabilities of our country. We want all Americans to understand that Ukraine's victory is in the interests of the United States - Andriy Yermak 16 March 2023 - 21:58 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak is convinced that today Ukraine and the United States have become strategic partners and true friends. Further support of Ukraine is in the interests of the United States and all those who value freedom - Andriy Yermak in his address to the World Affairs Council of San Antonio 16 March 2023 - 20:17 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak emphasizes that after more than a year of full-scale Russian invasion, Ukraine has withstood and will not surrender to the enemy. Our country is extremely grateful for the support of the United States of America and all those who came to the aid of Ukrainians in their struggle for freedom. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Estonia 16 March 2023 - 09:26 Particular attention was paid to the issue of Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic integration, in which Estonia is a reliable partner of our country. Andriy Yermak discussed with the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme the issue of Russian responsibility for environmental crimes in Ukraine 14 March 2023 - 19:45 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Inger Andersen. Head of the Presidential Office held a meeting with the Polish delegation 13 March 2023 - 16:02 The parties discussed a wide range of issues related to defense support for Ukraine, European and Euro-Atlantic integration, and Poland's participation in the reconstruction of our country. 1 2 ... 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine