7 captures 03 Aug 2023 - 15 Dec 2025 Jul AUG Sep 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230803050230/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhna-nova-inozemna-investiciya-v-ukrayinu-ce-plyus-odin-kr-84689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:35 View all videos n latest news President met with the Hungarian community in Zakarpattia and presented state awards to the warriors 2 August 2023 - 23:23 Olena Zelenska at the Conference of Ambassadors: Today, each of us is an ambassador of Ukraine and a defender of its interests 2 August 2023 - 21:50 Zakarpattia will be one of the drivers of development for the whole of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 21:33 President held a meeting on socio-economic and security situation in Zakarpattia region 2 August 2023 - 21:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Every new foreign investment in Ukraine is one more step towards our victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 August 2023 - 20:51 Today, Ukrainian diplomats must work to enhance the interaction of our country's regions and cities with cities and regions of other countries for the sake of reconstruction and development. Other priorities include attracting investment, new technologies, and increasing economic activity in Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an emergency meeting with the heads of Ukraine's diplomatic missions to foreign countries held in Zakarpattia region. “The more jobs we can save and create in our country, the stronger we will all be. Every new investment in Ukraine now is one more step towards our victory. Paying taxes and excise duties in Ukraine is a very concrete help to our warriors and our defense. Every new technology that comes to Ukraine works to save the lives of Ukrainians. All the programs of patronage of partners over regions and cities that have been damaged by Russian terror and need to be restored help real, practical decentralization in Ukraine,” he noted. The Head of State urged the ambassadors to take the most important companies for Ukraine in the country where they work and by the end of the year, to provide decisions on investments or memorandums on starting operations in Ukraine, as soon as the security conditions allow. “But it should be something very concrete, not abstract. Take a hundred of the largest philanthropists of the country where you work and organize their visit to Ukraine. The world should see what is happening here. Be active with business associations - they should know what our country offers - what resources, production, technologies. They should know everything about the project of our post-war transformation,” the President emphasized. Volodymyr Zelenskyy set a task to do everything possible to expand duty-free access of Ukrainian goods to the markets of partner countries. The Head of State also paid special attention to humanitarian demining, which is the responsibility of First Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Svyrydenko. In Zakarpattia, the President held an emergency meeting with the heads of Ukraine's diplomatic missions to foreign countries, during which he named five main foreign policy priorities for the next political season. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine