9 captures 02 Aug 2020 - 18 Jan 2026 May JUN Jul 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240619144141/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/adaptivnij-karantin-mozhe-stati-bilsh-diyevim-dlya-kontrolyu-62497 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Witness the World's Determination Opening New Prospects for Restoring Our Security — the Address by the President 18 June 2024 - 21:01 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine Met with the Marshal of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland 19 June 2024 - 14:56 Ukraine and the EU Finalize the Text of Security Commitments 19 June 2024 - 13:22 83% of Ukrainians Consider Accessibility a New Value for Society – Survey Results 19 June 2024 - 11:32 Andriy Yermak Discussed Peace Summit Outcomes and Further Contacts Development with Advisor to the President of South Africa 18 June 2024 - 22:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Took Part in Festivities on the Occasion of Graduation of the Officers from the National Defense University 18 June 2024 - 13:08 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Adaptive quarantine may be more effective in controlling the spread of coronavirus infection - meeting chaired by the President 30 July 2020 - 12:26 Adaptive quarantine may be more effective in controlling the spread of coronavirus infection in the country. This was announced during a traditional conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Minister of Health Maksym Stepanov informed that the main reason for the increase in the number of patients in western Ukraine, especially in rural areas, is worship. Such results were shown by epidemiological investigations. The second main reason is public transport, as well as the movement of people for leisure. In addition, the minister said that a large number of people are asymptomatic, thus forming immunity. "I hope that adaptive quarantine will really be more effective when we will be able to select appropriate control measures for each settlement. The main thing is the maximum localization of the spread of infection. We must avoid peak loads," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal stressed that the coordination of cooperation with law enforcement agencies, which will help implement epidemiological control over the rules of adaptive quarantine, is being finalized. "I hope this will be the most effective way," he said. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak said that the situation with the prevention of the spread of COVID-19 in the area of the Joint Forces Operation is stable and under control. He also informed about the situation with the regime of permanent and comprehensive ceasefire, noting that no escalation or offensive actions were recorded in the area of JFO. Isolated shelling is not systemic and reveals uncontrolled emotions or provocations at the lowest level, the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine