15 captures 26 Jul 2022 - 14 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 26 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220726203447/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-v-intervyu-zhurnalu-vogue-rozpovila-pro-sprotiv-76685 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:41 View all videos n latest news Ukrainian bravery inspires all free nations, and just imagine how inspiring our victory will be - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 July 2022 - 22:38 In an interview with Vogue magazine, the First Lady talked about Ukraine's resistance to the Russian invasion 26 July 2022 - 21:57 The democracies of the world are capable of stopping any tyranny - speech by the President of Ukraine during the awarding of the Winston Churchill Leadership Award 26 July 2022 - 20:20 President of Ukraine received the Winston Churchill Leadership Award 26 July 2022 - 19:31 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the Head of State with the President of the Republic of Guatemala in Kyiv 25 July 2022 - 15:27 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife In an interview with Vogue magazine, the First Lady talked about Ukraine's resistance to the Russian invasion 26 July 2022 - 21:57 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to Vogue. The President's wife spoke about Ukrainian resistance to the Russian invasion and her work and life at this time. "After Bucha, we realized that this is a war to destroy us all," she said. The President's wife noted that every resident of the country is a target for Russia. The First Lady also talked about her work to help fellow countrymen in Ukraine and abroad and about the National Program of Mental Health and Psychosocial Support, which is designed to restore the psyche of those who suffered from the inhuman actions of the invaders. In addition, Olena Zelenska shared details of her recent visit to the United States, where, speaking in Congress, she asked for weapons for Ukraine, namely air defense systems to protect Ukrainian cities from regular Russian shelling. Photo portraits of Olena Zelenska for Vogue were made by American photographer Annie Leibovitz. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine