8 captures 14 Sep 2022 - 08 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220914061802/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kirilo-timoshenko-obgovoriv-z-parlamentskoyu-delegaciyeyu-ya-77753 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:13 View all videos n latest news Together with our troops and our flag, ordinary normal life comes to the de-occupied territory - address by the President of Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 22:10 Andriy Yermak familiarized the advisors to the heads of state and government of the countries of Eastern Europe and the Baltic countries with the developed recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine 13 September 2022 - 21:06 A regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held 13 September 2022 - 20:08 Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Japanese parliamentary delegation discussed participation in the Fast Recovery Plan and the restoration of the infrastructure of the Kharkiv region 13 September 2022 - 19:49 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the annual meeting of the Yalta European Strategy 9 September 2022 - 19:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Kyrylo Tymoshenko and the Japanese parliamentary delegation discussed participation in the Fast Recovery Plan and the restoration of the infrastructure of the Kharkiv region 13 September 2022 - 19:49 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Kyrylo Tymoshenko had a meeting in the format of a video conference with the Japanese parliamentary delegation. Members of the House of Councillors of Japan Masaaki Taniai and Mitsuo Takahashi, member of the House of Representatives of Japan Koichi Kasai and representative of the Komeito ruling party secretariat Hiroyuki Kurita joined the online meeting. Kyrylo Tymoshenko emphasized that on the eve of winter, the restoration of housing and critical infrastructure damaged as a result of the full-scale Russian invasion is an urgent issue for Ukrainian citizens. "We have developed a Fast Recovery Plan. It covers housing, schools, kindergartens, medical facilities, gas, water and electricity supply networks in the de-occupied territories of the country," said the Deputy Head of the Office of the President. He reminded that data on all objects destroyed as a result of Russian aggression can be found on the online platform. Information is updated daily. Kyrylo Tymoshenko emphasized that thanks to the successes of the Ukrainian army in the east of the country, almost the entire territory of the Kharkiv region was liberated from the invaders. "Due to this, the number of objects that we need to restore very quickly has increased. Therefore, the first thing we are calling for is to choose a school, a kindergarten or a group of private houses in one or another settlement that were destroyed by Russian troops, and help with their restoration," he said. The Deputy Head of the President's Office also said that as a result of the recent Russian bombing of Kharkiv and the region, combined heat and power plants were damaged, which must be restored before the onset of cold weather. He also suggested that the Japanese side consider the possibility of joining the restoration project of these facilities. Kyrylo Tymoshenko reported that there are about 86,000 partially or completely destroyed infrastructure facilities in our country. The Deputy Head of the President's Office noted that some of them are being restored at the expense of the state budget of Ukraine, but the help of partners is also needed. In addition, Kyrylo Tymoshenko spoke about the need for school buses for Ukrainian children, as many of them were lost as a result of shelling or stolen by the Russian military during the occupation of Ukrainian territories. "This is an extremely important humanitarian issue, because many schools have been bombed, and children have to go to educational institutions that are further away from their homes," he noted. Representatives of both houses of the Japanese parliament expressed their admiration for what President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's team is doing to protect Ukraine. They called Russia's actions against Ukraine and Ukrainian citizens unacceptable and noted that what is happening in our country affects not only Europe, but also Asian countries. The Japanese parliamentarians emphasized that their country is willing to continue supporting the sanctions policy against the Russian Federation. They also emphasized that Japan is ready to intensify efforts to help Ukraine. Kyrylo Tymoshenko invited the parliamentary delegation of Japan to visit Ukraine in order to see with their own eyes the consequences of Russian aggression and the progress of reconstruction in the de-occupied territories. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine