8 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 16 Jan 2026 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204153606/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=4 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos n latest news Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 First Lady Olena Zelenska opens Philosophy of Ability forum devoted to International Day of People with Disabilities 3 December 2022 - 18:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak discusses opportunities for cooperation with Ukraine with representative of JPMorgan Chase & Co. 2 November 2022 - 19:38 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with Managing Director, Head of Global Engagement at the largest U.S. bank holding by assets – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Clay Berry. Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression 1 November 2022 - 20:31 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Andriy Smyrnov held a meeting of the working group on the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine. Kyrylo Tymoshenko discussed with the UNICEF Ukraine Representative the urgent issues of support for Ukrainians during the war 1 November 2022 - 17:59 The parties discussed the issue of preparing schools for the education of Ukrainian children in war conditions and coordinated the relevant joint work. Andriy Yermak discussed with Ben Affleck the support for Ukraine in the world 1 November 2022 - 11:38 The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that today it is extremely important to maintain a high level of attention of the whole world to what is happening in our country. Russia can and will lose, but partners should help Ukraine with weapons - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with Welt 31 October 2022 - 10:28 If Ukraine receives a sufficient number of weapons and equipment from its partners, it will be able to put an end to the Russian genocide of Ukrainians and protect the security of Europe. Mykhailo Podolyak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office, said this in an interview with the German TV channel Welt. During this war Ukraine's army and people showed that one may have no fear and not take too seriously what Russian propaganda says – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:24 Over time, the number of states that support Ukraine and do not trust Russian propaganda will grow, but we need to work on this. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak, who participated via video call in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. Ukraine's victory is only way to avoid Russian aggression against other countries – Andriy Yermak at Brookings Institution roundtable 29 October 2022 - 15:13 The head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, called on the world community to increase pressure on the Russian Federation and increase the amount of aid to Ukraine, because only the defeat of the aggressor will make it impossible to wage similar wars against other countries of the world. He stated this participating online in a roundtable organized by the U.S. Brookings Institution. Sweden's Presidency of the Council of the EU should serve as a driving force for continued and comprehensive support for Ukraine by the European Union - Ihor Zhovkva 28 October 2022 - 22:24 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with Christian Danielsson, Minister for EU Affairs of the recently elected government of the Kingdom of Sweden headed by Ulf Kristersson. President honored the memory of the soldiers who gave their lives during the expulsion of the Nazis from Ukraine 28 October 2022 - 12:04 On the 78th anniversary of the expulsion of the Nazis from Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid a wreath at the Grave of the Unknown Soldier in the Eternal Glory Park in Kyiv. As part of the ongoing dialogue, Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 28 October 2022 - 09:09 As part of the ongoing dialogue with partners and allies of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak informed the interlocutor about the situation at the front and the measures taken by the Defense Forces to de-occupy Ukrainian territories. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 36 37 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine