6 captures 23 Jun 2022 - 11 Jul 2025 May JUN Jul 23 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220623153646/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-prezentuvala-dorozhnyu-kar-76005 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the community of major educational institutions of Israel 23 June 2022 - 15:41 View all videos n latest news Ukraine will build a European liberalized state, but with strong protection like the Israeli one - President during a meeting with professors and students of Israeli universities 23 June 2022 - 16:24 Address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the community of major educational institutions of Israel 23 June 2022 - 15:35 Yermak-McFaul international group presented the Roadmap of Financial Sanctions 23 June 2022 - 13:42 To liberate our land and achieve victory is our national goal, which we must work on every day - address by the President of Ukraine 23 June 2022 - 00:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Luxembourg in Kyiv 21 June 2022 - 16:42 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Yermak-McFaul international group presented the Roadmap of Financial Sanctions 23 June 2022 - 13:42 The international working group on sanctions against Russia has presented the Roadmap of Financial Sanctions. The document contains an analysis of the impact of previously imposed sanctions on the financial system of the Russian Federation, a list of recommendations for increasing pressure on the aggressor state and a map of risks of the implementation of sanctions policy. The developed proposals are based on the dependence of the Russian Federation on Western reserve currencies, markets and banks, in particular for trade. The purpose of the proposed restrictions is to deprive Russia of financial flows that the aggressor directs to sponsor the war. To do this, three steps need to be taken: imposing full blocking sanctions on the entire financial sector of the Russian Federation; complete refusal to provide services and cooperate with the aggressor in the financial sphere; achieving institutional isolation by launching the transition to a new economic policy without Russia's participation. These measures correspond to three levels of new financial restrictions on Russia, which may be implemented in stages over the coming months. Experts from the Yermak-McFaul group have developed detailed proposals for the implementation of these sanctions. First, it is necessary to impose full blocking sanctions on the 30 largest Russian banks with state capital, the Moscow Exchange, the National Settlement Depository, and the National Clearing Center. It is necessary to extend individual sanctions to Russian officials responsible for financial policy. Russia must be recognized as a state - sponsor of terrorism and blacklisted by the International Group Combating Money Laundering (FATF). Gazprombank may remain the only Russian institution for transactions with goods that have not been subject to sanctions. To do this, the bank must obtain a special license, which will allow a limited amount of transactions and completely block other transactions. Secondly, it is necessary to complete the severance of economic relations with Russia. Russia should be removed from Western funds and companies. Businesses and individuals should lose access to investment and other consulting services, asset management, and cryptocurrency markets. The group proposes further imposing of full blocking sanctions against all Russian banks and financial institutions. Third, it is necessary to achieve institutional isolation of the Russian Federation. To this end, it is proposed to introduce strict tools for controlling financial transactions with Russia. Strict, centralized control and regulation of Russia's trade to prevent theft of technology and intellectual property, especially for dual-use goods and services. Comprehensive export control should apply to Russian enterprises. The group also proposes to introduce a new framework for transparency and disclosure of information about companies cooperating with Russia, in order to increase market and social pressure. It is necessary to strengthen the requirements for working with the aggressor and determine the grounds for the introduction of secondary sanctions. The Roadmap of Financial Sanctions, as well as the previous documents of the Yermak-McFaul Group - the Action Plan for Strengthening Sanctions and the Roadmap of Energy Sanctions - will be submitted to the institutions responsible for implementing the sanctions policy. Sanctions pressure on Russia will be continued. Strengthening Financial Sanctions against the Russian Federation - pdf - 209.96 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine