6 captures 02 Jun 2023 - 14 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 02 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230602115647/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnictvo-ofisu-prezidenta-j-mizhnarodni-eksperti-obgovori-81781 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The duty of local authorities is to ensure the availability and accessibility of shelters around the clock – address by the President of Ukraine 1 June 2023 - 21:43 View all videos n latest news The war is on our land, so the Peace Formula can only be Ukrainian – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 June 2023 - 23:14 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Olaf Scholz in the framework of the European Political Community Summit 1 June 2023 - 22:37 President of Ukraine met with the President of Azerbaijan 1 June 2023 - 22:07 President: While Ukraine doesn’t have modern aircraft, we need more Patriots 1 June 2023 - 21:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Moldova 1 June 2023 - 11:39 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The leadership of the President's Office and international experts discussed the model of the future tax refor 24 March 2023 - 10:06 Under the patronage of the Office of the President of Ukraine and with the participation of international experts, the Ukrainian tax reform and anti-corruption summit was held, dedicated to discussing the configuration of the future tax reform. As President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized in his speech in the Verkhovna Rada on December 28, the existing tax system does not suit either those who pay taxes or those who collect them. Ukrainian citizens who receive salaries and pensions from these taxes are not happy with it either. The Head of State also noted that it is extremely important to reach national consensus on this issue. Therefore, addressing the participants of the summit, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak said that for the effective post-war recovery of Ukraine, it is necessary to create the most favorable tax conditions for investments. "It is extremely important for us to attract both foreign and domestic investors to the construction of a new country. And for this, it is necessary to create the best conditions for doing business. And among them, the taxation model is one of the most important," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The Head of the Presidential Office noted that the future tax reform should create more attractive conditions for doing business in Ukraine than in any of the countries-competitors, and at least as comfortable as in the EU in general. "In the global competition for investments, Ukraine should become a champion. At the same time, our reform should once and for all eliminate corruption from the tax sphere," Andriy Yermak said. Deputy Head of the Office of the President Rostyslav Shurma noted in his speech at the summit that the state should take into account the fact that private sector enterprises will play a leading role in post-war reconstruction and economic recovery. And that is why it is necessary to create favorable conditions for business development and to form reliable prospects for capital investments in order to prevent the outflow of entrepreneurs abroad. "The system that we will propose for the post-war reconstruction of Ukraine should not be inferior to our competitors, such as Poland, Bulgaria, and Hungary. Of course, if the income tax here is 18%, and in Bulgaria - 10%, in Hungary - 9%, then certain questions arise. We need a fundamental reset, which will provide competitive conditions and eliminate the motivation for corruption," noted Rostyslav Shurma. In addition to lowering rates for all types of income tax, the economic reform project will also take into account a number of other aspects of the country's attractiveness for doing business, the Deputy Head of the President's Office said. In particular, this is the simplification of procedures for obtaining permits for the purchase of land plots and construction, rebooting the law enforcement and judicial systems, and creating the infrastructure for financing business projects. On the last point, Ukrainian experts are working together with such companies as BlackRock, JPMorgan and McKinsey. "A comprehensive model of the creation of infrastructure for financing business projects has been prepared. It will be not about billions, but tens of billions of dollars of potential capital attracted to Ukraine," he said. The Vice President of the World Bank for Europe and Central Asia Anna Bjerde said at the summit that the management of the institution supports Ukraine in its efforts to implement anti-corruption tax reform despite the crisis caused by the war. "The World Bank welcomes this summit, because both tax reform and anti-corruption initiatives are two incredibly important elements that Ukraine must deal with while simultaneously fighting Russia's military invasion and solving the task of keeping the economy afloat," Anna Bjerde emphasized. American expert in economics, one of the authors of the Supply-Side Theory Arthur Laffer stated in his message to the participants of the event that the main tool of achieving success during the implementation of economic reform in Ukraine is to reduce the tax rate while simultaneously expanding the tax base. He also wished the Ukrainian specialists - the authors of the economic reform - strength and success, as they face a huge task: now Ukraine needs a stable and efficient financial system more than any other country in the world. "Nowhere are these problems more important than today in Ukraine. I don't know of any economy in the world that needs more help and support in these matters than Ukraine, given all the trials and tribulations that are going on right now," Arthur Laffer emphasized. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine