1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033027/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=60 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam was well prepared and supported by Russian national legislation - Oleg Ustenko in Newsweek 12 June 2023 - 22:27 According to Oleg Ustenko, on May 30, a week before the dam's collapse, the Russian government approved a law aimed at "ensuring the safety of hydraulic structures" in the territory of Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions it proclaimed to have annexed in September 2022. The strength of our warriors yields results, and I thank everyone who is now in combat for this - address by the President of Ukraine 12 June 2023 - 22:21 The battles are fierce, but we are moving forward, and this is very important. The enemy's losses are exactly what we need. Thank you to our guys for every Ukrainian flag that is now returning to its rightful place in the villages of the newly de-occupied territory! Thank you also for the significant replenishment of our exchange fund! It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:31 We are already facilitating and will continue to facilitate the most independent and objective investigation by the International Criminal Court. All our law enforcement and other institutions are involved in this process to the fullest extent possible. We provide full access to the affected areas, to witnesses, to all information and evidence. Joint address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau to Canadian journalists at the Press Gallery Dinner in Ottawa 11 June 2023 - 20:12 "Thank you for telling the truth about Russian war crimes! Thank you for using your power – probably the highest power in the modern world – the power to decide what holds people’s attention and what people know. Thank you for using your power to give guidance for people and humanity," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Olena Zelenska discussed the construction of new homes for Ukrainian foster families with Mariam Almheiri, Minister of Climate Change and Environment of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 15:01 The First Lady noted the importance of Mariam Almheiri’s visit and thanked the UAE government and President Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan for their support: in the spring, the Emirati government approved a charitable contribution of $4 million for the construction of ergonomic modern houses with shelters for large foster families (so-called FTCHs) as part of the Address of Childhood project by the Olena Zelenska Foundation. Olena Zelenska discussed with Justin Trudeau cooperation between Ukraine and Canada in the rehabilitation of veterans 11 June 2023 - 14:05 During the meeting, the President's wife thanked the Prime Minister of Canada for supporting Ukraine, in particular for temporary shelter for more than 200,000 Ukrainians and humanitarian aid: funds for the supply of more than 1,250 generators, support for the Kyiv energy system, and assistance with demining. Presidential Office hosts briefing for UAE delegation on security and humanitarian situation in Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 12:17 Roman Mashovets briefed the Emirati side on the situation on the frontline and the overall security situation in Ukraine, in particular on the continuation of missile and Iranian drone strikes throughout our country. Andriy Yermak met with the delegation of the UAE headed by the Minister of Climate Change and Environment, Head of the Office of International Affairs under the President of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 10:15 The meeting was focused on the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and the possibility of the Emirates joining the implementation of its individual points, in particular, on ensuring food, radiation and nuclear security and preventing ecocide. President of Ukraine meets with Minister of Climate Change and Environment of the United Arab Emirates, Head of the Office of International Affairs under the President of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 09:36 The President drew the Minister's attention to the consequences of environmental crimes committed by Russia during its full-scale invasion of Ukraine and emphasized the need to prosecute the aggressor for the crime of ecocide and to compensate for the damage caused. Ukrainian sense of international relations is that we should always take care of each other – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 10 June 2023 - 18:53 Our Ukrainian sense of international relations is precisely in the fact that we should always take care of each other when support is needed. And really help. I am sure it will become global principles. Mutual action, mutual support, mutual strength. 1 2 ... 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine