1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309053215/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=47 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Occupation of Crimea began in Moscow, deoccupation began in Kyiv - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the summit of the Crimea Platform 23 August 2021 - 13:46 Only by joint efforts is it possible to work out effective actions and achieve the deoccupation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the opening of the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform in Kyiv. President of Ukraine opened the inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform 23 August 2021 - 13:13 The inaugural summit of the Crimea Platform, which is to become the center for the development and adoption of international decisions on the deoccupation of the Ukrainian peninsula, has begun in Kyiv. The event, initiated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, is attended by delegations from 46 countries. In the Cherkasy region, the President took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag: We raise the flag together and we have to raise Ukraine - only together and only upwards 23 August 2021 - 10:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Flag. They took place in the village of Maryanivka, the Cherkasy region, where the art complex "Geographical Center - the Heart of Ukraine" was created specially for the 30th anniversary of our country's independence. Ivan Marchuk, Yuriy Rybchinsky, Oleg Blokhin, Sofia Rotaru, Myroslav Skoryk - Ukraine got the first national legends 23 August 2021 - 08:30 "We consider all of you true legends of our country. Living legends. The fullest and most important meaning is that the living legends are in front of us. I am grateful that I’ve seen your work, the result of your work in culture, sports, art since childhood. That's why we want to congratulate you," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that managers should work in the government, not politicians 22 August 2021 - 22:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine works more effectively when managers are in office not politicians. The Head of State does not rule out the possibility of personnel changes in the government. President: Representative offices of the Crimea Platform will work not only in the capital of Ukraine, but also in a number of countries for the deoccupation of Crimea 22 August 2021 - 21:56 The Crimea Platform offices, which will work for the deoccupation of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, will operate not only in Ukraine, but also in a number of other countries. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview for Inter TV channel, which he and his wife Olena gave on the eve of the 30th anniversary of independence. At the parade dedicated to the 30th anniversary of independence, people should see how our army has been modernized - President 22 August 2021 - 21:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that an active work to improve the technical support of troops has been held over the last two years, and the Independence Day parade will demonstrate achievements in this direction. The President said this in an interview for Inter TV channel, which he and his wife Olena Zelenska gave on the eve of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the Republic of Turkey 22 August 2021 - 20:18 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. In pursuance of the agreements between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel, a memorandum of cooperation was signed on "green" hydrogen production 22 August 2021 - 20:11 This document was signed in the context of the visit of the Federal Chancellor to Ukraine and in pursuance of the agreements on joint development of the hydrogen economy reached between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel during the meeting in Berlin in July 2021. President met with the Prime Minister of Georgia 22 August 2021 - 19:32 Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised the strong support of the friendly country for the Crimea Platform initiative and thanked Irakli Garibashvili for his personal participation in the inaugural summit of this new format for the deoccupation of the peninsula. 1 2 ... 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine