11 captures 22 Dec 2021 - 10 Jun 2024 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214135725/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vzyala-uchast-u-shorichnij-konferenciyi-posli-72209 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President started a meeting with the German Chancellor who is on a visit to Ukraine 14 February 2022 - 13:16 President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska takes part in annual conference of ambassadors of Ukraine 21 December 2021 - 19:21 First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the conference of ambassadors of Ukraine "Diplomacy 30. Strategy of Strong State," which was held in the village of Huta, Ivano-Frankivsk region. In her welcoming speech, the President's wife said that the diplomatic corps is a powerful tool for Ukraine's ties with the world. And this year there were many bright events in Ukrainian diplomacy. "And I am proud to have initiated one of them – the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. In August, we received the wives and husbands of leaders from around the world in Kyiv. And they wrote a new, Ukrainian page in the history of soft power diplomacy, because this was the first such event in the world. Our task for next year is to bring the summit of the first ladies and gentlemen to the leading international platforms, to attract as many participants and world-class experts as possible. And here the skill and initiative of our diplomats will be needed," Zelenska said. She also met separately with the spouses of Ukrainian ambassadors, who visited the event for the first time this year. The President's wife stressed the importance of family tandems in diplomatic work. "There was a phrase in my husband's inaugural speech that was remembered: 'Each of us is the President.' I want to use it in a new way. And tell you all: "Each of us is the First Lady." You represent our country abroad, build its image. I personally know many of you and I am grateful for the help I receive from you during my visits," she said. Zelenska told the audience about the priority projects implemented under her auspices – the reform of school nutrition, the introduction of a barrier-free environment for all, the fight against domestic violence – and invited representatives of the diplomatic corps to cooperate in these issues. She also thanked them for their partnership in the project to create Ukrainian audio guides for the world's leading museums. At the conference, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine Dmytro Kuleba summed up the diplomatic results of 2021. "Today, the First Lady is implementing a set of important initiatives that are changing our society for the better. This is barrier-free environment, popularizing reading, important cultural initiatives. Abroad, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is implementing a large-scale initiative of Olena Zelenska to promote the positive image of Ukraine and popularize the Ukrainian language – the launch of Ukrainian-language audio guides in museums and attractions around the world. This is a very successful cooperation for the benefit of Ukraine," the minister said. ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the conference "Diplomacy 30. Strategy of a Powerful State" 21 December 2021 - 13:21 ph Participation of the President of Ukraine in the conference "Diplomacy 30. Strategy of a Powerful State" 21 December 2021 - 13:21 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine