1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224045804/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Lithuania 10 February 2022 - 17:59 "It is very important that you came to support Ukraine today, during the tense situation on the borders of our country, on the borders with Europe, on the borders with Russia, on touch lines with the temporarily occupied territories of our state. We consider our relations with the Republic of Lithuania special at the level of presidents, prime ministers, states and nations. We feel this not only during the escalation period, but all the time," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. President at a meeting with EBA members: The best thing business can do today is to keep working 10 February 2022 - 09:14 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the business community - members of the European Business Association, during which he spoke about the government's steps to support Ukraine's economy. President of Ukraine met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the European Union and Cooperation of Spain 9 February 2022 - 15:30 The Head of State paid special attention to the development of the security situation around Ukraine, and also briefed the Spanish Foreign Minister on the initiatives of the Ukrainian side to intensify the negotiation process within the Normandy format. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with foreign ministers of the Slavkov format 8 February 2022 - 22:33 Volodymyr Zelenskyy briefed the foreign ministers on the security situation and Ukraine's initiatives to intensify the Minsk process and the work in the Normandy format. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is wise and does not react to provocations, which is very important for Ukrainians, Europeans and Russians 8 February 2022 - 18:25 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that the balanced and wise position of our state in responding to the deteriorating security situation on the borders and the likely escalation by the Russian Federation is important for the people of Ukraine, the people of European countries and even Russia. Today, the partnership between Ukraine and France in the field of security is of special importance - President 8 February 2022 - 17:04 Ukraine and France share a common vision of current threats and security challenges for our country, Europe and the world at large. That is why the partnership of our states in the field of security is of special importance today. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following talks with President of France Emmanuel Macron in Kyiv. Following the meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and France in Kyiv, a number of bilateral documents were signed 8 February 2022 - 16:19 "Today we have finalized the agreements and put into practice very important projects: the supply of 130 Alstom locomotives worth 900 million euros and the supply of 370 Desautel units of fire and rescue equipment for 300 million euros,” the President of Ukraine said. The launch of "Diia City" will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe - President 8 February 2022 - 14:02 "We are transforming Ukraine into a country of IT companies and startups. Thanks to Diia City, the share of IT in our country's GDP will increase from 4% to 10%, and the industry's revenues will grow up to $ 16.5 billion. This will allow Ukraine to become the largest IT hub in Europe," he said. Vaccinated Ukrainians over the age of 60 will be able to get a free smartphone and Internet on preferential terms - President 8 February 2022 - 13:31 In the spring, a new state program will be launched in Ukraine, under which vaccinated citizens over the age of 60 will be able to receive a free modern smartphone and a reduced rate for using the mobile Internet. This was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a speech at the Diia Summit in Kyiv. President of Ukraine began a meeting with the President of France 8 February 2022 - 12:51 After the talks, which will take place at the Mariyinsky Palace, the leaders will meet with media representatives. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine