4 captures 05 May 2022 - 18 Jun 2025 Apr MAY Jun 05 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220505144640/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-radnikami-lideriv-ssha-velikoyi-br-74757 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the High-Level International Donors' Conference in Support of Ukraine in Warsaw 5 May 2022 - 15:16 View all videos n latest news Andriy Smyrnov discussed with Amnesty International delegation the establishment of special international tribunal on Russian crimes 5 May 2022 - 16:43 Speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the High-Level International Donors' Conference in Support of Ukraine in Warsaw 5 May 2022 - 15:15 President announced the launch of United24 – a global initiative that will unite people all over the world around the desire to help Ukraine 5 May 2022 - 12:20 Remembering the victory over Nazism means never really allowing what the Nazis inflicted on Europe again - President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address 5 May 2022 - 00:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Verkhovna Rada 3 May 2022 - 14:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed security issues and strengthening sanctions against Russia with advisers to leaders of the United States, Great Britain, Germany and France 4 May 2022 - 09:47 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jacob Sullivan, National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Stephen Lovegrove, Foreign Affairs Adviser to the German Chancellor Jens Plötner, Adviser to the President of the French Republic on relations with Ukraine and Russia Isabelle Dumont, other representatives of the French side. Andriy Yermak informed his interlocutors about the course of events on the frontline noting that the most difficult situation remains in the south-east of Ukraine, where Russia has concentrated significant forces. He also spoke about the evacuation mission from the Russian-occupied city of Mariupol in the Donetsk region. According to the Head of the President's Office, on Tuesday 156 Ukrainian citizens who took refuge from the Russian bombing in the basement of the Azovstal plant finally reached Zaporizhzhia and are now safe. At the same time, according to Andriy Yermak, Russian troops continue to shell Azovstal, which still shelters civilians and wounded soldiers in need of emergency medical care. The humanitarian situation in Mariupol remains catastrophic. The Head of the President's Office stressed the need to make every effort to unblock the people at the plant. As part of the ongoing dialogue, the parties continued to discuss future security guarantees for Ukraine. Our state, which has faced Russian aggression, is interested in obtaining clear and concrete guarantees. The parties also discussed preparations for the next sanctions package against Russia. The action plan to strengthen sanctions developed by the Yermak-McFaul international expert group was handed over to Ukraine's partners. The interlocutors agreed that sanctions pressure on Russia should increase until it ends the aggressive war and seeks peace. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine