15 captures 12 Sep 2023 - 15 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 12 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230912210620/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-ekstrenu-naradu-z-kerivnikami-zakordon-84669 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:04 View all videos n latest news A new historic step between Ukraine and the EU should take place this year, and all branches of government should work for this step - address by the President 12 September 2023 - 22:03 Exerting pressure on Russia works only if there is maximum unity of the world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with the Dutch students 12 September 2023 - 16:34 Unite for freedom, for common achievements - President's address to the university community of the Netherlands 12 September 2023 - 16:25 Andrii Sybiha had a meeting with the State Secretary of the Federal Foreign Office of Germany 12 September 2023 - 15:38 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of Physical Culture and Sports 8 September 2023 - 20:51 Go to all galleries Home News Current events The Head of State held an emergency meeting with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions of Ukraine and announced five benchmarks for the next political season 2 August 2023 - 18:36 During a working trip to Zakarpattia region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an emergency meeting with the heads of Ukraine's diplomatic missions to foreign countries, during which he named five main foreign policy priorities for the next political season. “We have managed to make the previous political seasons in the world pro-Ukrainian. Moreover, they became pro-Ukrainian in all countries whose support is vital for Ukraine and Ukrainians. Now, in August, we have to prepare for a new political season in the world so that this season, a very important season, can also become pro-Ukrainian,” the President noted. The Head of State emphasized the need to prepare decisions for the next six months so that each of them - both decisions of partners and decisions of international institutions - would be pro-Ukrainian. “I will now give you five guidelines. The Peace Formula is the first. Weapons and sanctions are the second. Ukraine's integration into the European Union and NATO, security guarantees, and neighborhood policy are the third. The fourth is the economy, recovery, and transformation. The fifth is our people, both in Ukraine and abroad, in the countries where you work,” the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the next six months in Ukraine's foreign policy would be very busy and decisive and historic in many ways. The President called the implementation of the Peace Formula and the conclusion of bilateral agreements on security guarantees for our country the most pressing issue. Also, a new Crimea Platform Summit at the level of state leaders will soon take place, which, as Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted, should be even more powerful than last year's. In the autumn, there will be the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, the Food Summit to support Ukraine's humanitarian efforts under the Grain from Ukraine program, and the 78th session of the UN General Assembly, at which our country should be strongly represented (the Global Peace Summit and the Crimea Platform at the level of parliaments are planned), in November - the 90th anniversary of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 and the commemoration of the victims of the Holodomor genocide will take place, and negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union should begin. In December, Ukraine will have to prepare the content of the next NATO Summit to be held in Washington in 2024. Also, work will continue throughout six months to organize platforms, conferences, and summits between Ukraine and the countries of Latin America and Africa. In addition, there will be constant work on preparing and providing specific content for meetings of defense ministers of partner countries in the Ramstein format, as well as visits to Ukraine by state leaders and visits of the President of Ukraine to partner countries. "Each visit should provide more weapons for our warriors and more strength for our state," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Zakarpattia 2 August 2023 - 16:49 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine