10 captures 04 Dec 2022 - 18 Nov 2025 Nov DEC Jan 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221204143759/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=25-11-2021&date-to=25-11-2022&page=2 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:10 View all videos pg Photo gallery President met with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity 2 December 2022 - 21:31 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Educators-cooks who will train canteen workers of secondary education institutions took part in the seminars 24 November 2022 - 18:04 As part of the school nutrition reform initiated by First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska, a series of trainings is ongoing for educators-cooks of vocational education institutions who will pass on their knowledge to cooks of canteens in schools and preschool institutions. The Yermak-McFaul sanctions group developed a new document on increasing the effectiveness of sanctions against Russia 24 November 2022 - 15:04 The international working group on sanctions against Russia chaired by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), Ambassador Michael McFaul developed a new document "Measures to Increase the Effectiveness of Sanctions". It specifies ways of circumventing the sanctions imposed on Russia and contains a call to increase the systemic character of sanctions restrictions. I urge you to do everything possible so that the OSCE becomes a co-creator of the victory over Russian terror - President during his speech at the OSCE PA 24 November 2022 - 13:59 I urge you to do everything you can to ensure that the OSCE is among those who are truly able to stop terror and help bring Russian murderers and torturers to justice. Olena Zelenska and Ihor Zhovkva met with a delegation of women – leaders of the EU countries 24 November 2022 - 12:38 The President's wife thanked the interlocutors for the significant help from their countries to Ukraine since the beginning of the full-scale invasion of Russia. Important support for millions of forced temporary migrants from Ukraine who found refuge in EU countries was separately noted. Energy workers, utility workers, State Emergency Service will work round the clock; we are gradually connecting new and new districts - address by the President of Ukraine 24 November 2022 - 00:33 We are doing everything for the people. And the occupiers are doing everything to make people suffer, so that we can't even hear and see each other. The Russian occupiers still haven’t understood that they have only today. And we definitely have tomorrow. Ukraine proposes to adopt a resolution condemning energy terror - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the meeting of the UN Security Council convened after the missile strikes of the Russian Federation 24 November 2022 - 00:15 We expect a strong reaction from the world to today's Russian terror. We expect the reaction of partners. We expect the reaction of friends - not just observers. We expect the reaction of all those who really recognize the UN Charter. Ukraine highly appreciates support from Montenegro - Ihor Zhovkva 23 November 2022 - 20:32 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a meeting with Minister of Internal Affairs, Acting Minister of Defense of Montenegro Filip Adžić, who is in our country on a working visit. The project of assistance from the European cities with the supply of generators is designed to help Ukrainians survive the most difficult winter in modern history - Andriy Yermak 23 November 2022 - 18:27 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak together with President of the European Parliament Roberta Metsola and President of Eurocities and Mayor of Florence Dario Nardella took part in the video conference mode in the official launch in Strasbourg of the Eurocities project to help Ukrainian cities with the supply of generators. Olena Zelenska became the honored guest at the Forum of the First Ladies of the Commonwealth Caribbean 23 November 2022 - 15:59 Olena Zelenska proposed joint projects to the participants within the Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen. Across the country, we are rolling out a new "Points of Invincibility" project to support people - address by the President of Ukraine 22 November 2022 - 22:47 By helping each other, we will all be able to get through this winter together. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 166 167 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine