2 captures 09 Mar 2023 - 07 Apr 2025 Feb MAR Apr 09 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230309034136/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2022&date-to=24-02-2023&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to ensure that our tactical steps contribute to the strategic goal - the success of Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2023 - 21:49 View all videos n latest news Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 8 March 2023 - 23:44 Olena Zelenska took part in the the Forbes 30/50 Summit 8 March 2023 - 22:38 We are doing everything to ensure that our tactical steps contribute to the strategic goal - the success of Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2023 - 21:47 Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to women who distinguished themselves in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity 8 March 2023 - 17:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the UN Secretary-General in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 16:39 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Jets are the protection of our sky, we have taken major steps in this regard – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:38 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy believes that the readiness of some partner countries to start training Ukrainian pilots is the first important step for Ukraine to receive Western fighter jets. The Head of State said this at a press conference for Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The Year of Invincibility." Ukraine would like China to be on the side of a just peace – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 22:28 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it important that the People's Republic of China shows interest in the issue of ending Russia's war against Ukraine, and he would like to have more specifics on the steps proposed for a peaceful settlement. All Ukrainians are waiting for victorious steps and liberation of our land, but we need to prepare for this – President 24 February 2023 - 22:19 "I am sure that there will be a victory. Yes, I really want it this year. We have everything for this: motivation, confidence, friends, diplomacy, journalists. We united all our forces against this onslaught," Zelenskyy said. President: I believe those guilty of war crimes in Ukraine will be justly punished 24 February 2023 - 21:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the military and political leadership of Russia will be brought to justice for war crimes committed in Ukraine, and he hopes for the help of the Netherlands in this process. Ukraine grateful to Japan for its support, in particular within G7 – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 February 2023 - 21:05 Ukraine is grateful to Japan for the support it provides to our country, in particular for its central role within the G7 presidency. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a press conference for representatives of Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The year of Invincibility." My task is to do everything so that the world does not weaken its support for Ukraine – President 24 February 2023 - 20:59 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers it necessary to make every effort so that the world preserves unity around Ukraine and continues supporting our country in its struggle for freedom and independence. President of Ukraine takes part in meeting of G7 leaders via video link 24 February 2023 - 19:21 Ukraine withstood the full-scale invasion of Russia one year and started to liberate its lands from occupation, so it is necessary to make efforts so that the aggression is defeated this year and peace returns to our country. It was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech via a video link at the meeting of the G7 leaders. Implementation of Ukrainian Peace Formula to make it possible to proceed to diplomatic fixation of end of war – President 24 February 2023 - 18:55 The implementation of all points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will make it possible to restore international law and move to the diplomatic documenting of the end of the war in Ukraine. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this at a press conference for Ukrainian and foreign media entitled "February. The year of Invincibility." Head of State has phone conversation with President of Türkiye 24 February 2023 - 18:09 The President of Ukraine thanked the Turkish leader for his words of support on this symbolic day for Ukraine. Today we can announce Ukraine receives first Leopard tanks from Poland – President after meeting with Mateusz Morawiecki in Kyiv 24 February 2023 - 17:21 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki, who is in our country on a visit. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 68 69 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine