1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030930/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=28 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Head of State chairs meeting of National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine 23 June 2023 - 18:21 A meeting of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine (NSDC) was held under the chairmanship of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, during which the state of civil defense facilities, the acceleration of judicial reform and further steps towards gaining the European Union membership by Ukraine were discussed. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the occasion of the graduation of officers of higher military educational institutions via video conference 23 June 2023 - 12:35 The Head of State emphasized that the last years of studying had become the most difficult and fateful for today's graduates. However, despite all the challenges associated with Russia's full-scale invasion, a worthy replenishment of officers is now joining the officer corps of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. President and the First Lady of Ukraine visit the XI International Book Arsenal Festival 22 June 2023 - 21:05 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the book fair of the XI International Book Arsenal Festival, which will take place in Kyiv on June 22-25. Head of state accepts credentials from ambassadors of Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Pakistan and Iceland 21 June 2023 - 21:45 The ceremony of presenting the credentials traditionally took place on the territory of the Sophia Kyivska National Reserve. President had a phone call with the President of the World Bank 19 June 2023 - 18:17 The parties discussed further development of cooperation, in particular, mobilization of international support for Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Rishi Sunak 19 June 2023 - 12:28 The Head of State spoke in detail about the course of hostilities. The interlocutors discussed the defense needs of Ukraine and further cooperation in expanding the capabilities of the Ukrainian army on the battlefield, particularly through long-range weapons. No one can feel protected while Russia tries to make aggression a global norm – President of Ukraine after meeting with delegation of African countries in Kyiv 16 June 2023 - 21:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Union of the Comoros Azali Assoumani, President of the Republic of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa, President of the Republic of Senegal Macky Sall, President of the Republic of Zambia Hakainde Hichilema and Prime Minister of the Arab Republic of Egypt Mostafa Madbouly, who arrived in our country with a visit. President addressed the graduates of the National Defense University: Our army is becoming stronger, our Ukrainian state is becoming stronger 16 June 2023 - 15:54 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the graduation ceremony of the National Defense University of Ukraine. This year, this higher military educational institution has trained 317 graduates of strategic, operational and tactical levels of training. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the President of Costa Rica 15 June 2023 - 20:56 The President of Ukraine spoke about the situation caused by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam in Kherson region by Russians. He emphasized the importance of bringing the aggressor to justice. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Belize 15 June 2023 - 19:38 The President invited Belize to take part in the implementation of the points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula and join the organization of the Global Peace Summit. 1 2 ... 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine