8 captures 01 Jun 2023 - 19 Apr 2025 May JUN Jul 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230601001952/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/na-odeshini-glava-derzhavi-vidvidav-u-gospitali-poranenih-za-83285 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world is aware of a fundamental role of our maritime grain exports for food security - address by the President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2023 - 22:54 View all videos n latest news The world is aware of a fundamental role of our maritime grain exports for food security - address by the President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 31 May 2023 - 22:53 In Odesa region, the Head of State visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to the military and medical personnel 31 May 2023 - 19:54 In Odesa region, the President introduced the new Head of the RSA and held a meeting on the situation in the region 31 May 2023 - 18:22 Russia kills and injures Ukrainian children, children's lives and destinies are broken or destroyed – Daria Herasymchuk 31 May 2023 - 13:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In Odesa region, the Head of State visited wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to the military and medical personnel 31 May 2023 - 19:54 During his working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the hospital of the Armed Forces of Ukraine wounded in the fighting with the Russian occupiers, particularly in the Bakhmut sector. The Head of State talked to the defenders. They told where they were wounded and how they are undergoing treatment and rehabilitation. "I wish you a speedy recovery. Thank you from all Ukrainians for your service. You are real heroes," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President presented the Orders "For Courage" of the third degree to the servicemen who are undergoing treatment in the hospital. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also met with the medical staff of the institution and presented state awards to the military medics. "These are awards from the state for your service. For putting seriously wounded heroic people back on their feet. And you are our heroes too. I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for your golden hands. Thank you for your endurance and your honorable profession," the President said. ph Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 ph Working trip to Odesa region 31 May 2023 - 18:33 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine