1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033021/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=126 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine preparing for possible Russian offensive, we need more weapons, in particular long-range weapons – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 February 2023 - 18:50 Our goal is to start negotiations on joining EU already this year – Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the Ukraine-EU summit in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 18:25 During the 24th Ukraine-European Union summit held in Kyiv, our country confirmed its determination to start negotiations on joining the EU as soon as possible and is awaiting relevant decisions from the European Commission and the European Council. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Joint statement following the 24th EU-Ukraine Summit 3 February 2023 - 17:39 Charles Michel, President of the European Council, Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, and Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Ukraine, met in Kyiv today for the 24th EU-Ukraine Summit and issued the following statement. The 24th EU-Ukraine Summit takes place in Kyiv 3 February 2023 - 16:17 The 24th EU-Ukraine Summit is underway in Kyiv with the participation of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the European Council Charles Michel and President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Andriy Yermak and representatives of the European Commission discussed the issue of strengthening sanctions policy against the Russian aggressor 3 February 2023 - 11:37 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Head of Cabinet of the President of the European Commission Bjoern Seibert and Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the European Commission Fernando Andresen Guimarães. Olena Zelenska: Every Ukrainian child should be brought up in a family 2 February 2023 - 22:18 First Lady Olena Zelenska discussed the issue of overcoming orphanhood and introducing family-type forms of upbringing with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to Ukraine. We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 We have to continue what we are doing: strengthen our resilience, be absolutely united in our aspiration to provide our army and all defenders with the necessary weapons and equipment - we in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies. Tax reform will eliminate corruption in this area and improve business conditions - Rostyslav Shurma 2 February 2023 - 20:24 The tax reform being worked on by the Office of the President of Ukraine will eliminate corruption in the tax sphere and level the playing field for all market participants. This was stated by Rostyslav Shurma, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, speaking at the Global Outlook: Victory Mode conference, organized by the European Business Association. We must do everything we can so that next year we will be able to pray with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the National Prayer Breakfast in the United States 2 February 2023 - 18:33 We believe in God. We do not allow despair. Thanks to the bravery of our soldiers. Thanks to the help of friends of freedom in the world – thanks to President Biden and all of you – the leaders and people who help. This year should be the time when no obstacles remain to the start of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU - President at the joint meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers and the European Commission Board 2 February 2023 - 16:50 Ukraine and the European Union are no longer separate entities in European life. Our values are common. Our destiny is common. Our enemy is common. Our defense is common. Hence, our life is also being united. 1 2 ... 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine