1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072051/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=40 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – The visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the United States is very substantive and well-prepared - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 September 2021 - 11:03 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that the visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the United States of America is extremely productive. We have a clear vision of what the country should become in five to ten years - the President presented the Transformation Plan of Ukraine in Washington 1 September 2021 - 09:26 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the presentation of the Transformation Plan of Ukraine. The event was held at the Fred W. Smith National Library for the Study of George Washington. President met with the US Secretary of Defense in Washington 1 September 2021 - 07:52 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. Lloyd Austin said that the United States had decided to provide additional security assistance to Ukraine in the amount of $ 60 million, including the purchase of portable anti-tank missile systems "Javelin". President of Ukraine met with the President of the World Bank Group in Washington 1 September 2021 - 07:33 During a working visit to the United States, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the World Bank Group David Malpass. The interlocutors praised the successful cooperation, as evidenced by the receipt of record amounts of funding from the World Bank by our state. An agreement, which defines a new stage of cooperation between Ukraine and the United States in the field of defense and security, was signed in the presence of the President 1 September 2021 - 00:14 During the working visit of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the United States, a number of agreements on strategic defense partnership, scientific and technical cooperation, space flight security, information protection and border security were signed. In Washington, the President and the First Lady honored the memory of the victims of the Holodomor of 1932-1933 in Ukraine 31 August 2021 - 20:50 The Head of State and his wife put symbolic sheaves of wheat at the foot of the Memorial. After that, members of the official delegation of Ukraine honored the memory of the victims of the terrible tragedy of the Ukrainian people. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and NASA Administrator Bill Nelson discussed cooperation in the space industry 31 August 2021 - 19:54 During a working visit to the United States, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Bill Nelson, Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). President of Ukraine met with US Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm 31 August 2021 - 19:40 During the meeting, topical issues of energy security of Ukraine and the region were discussed. The parties exchanged views on the threats of Nord Stream 2 for the security of our country and energy security in Europe. The common approaches of Ukraine and the United States to the risks posed by this project were stated. In the framework of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's working visit to the United States, documents in the energy sphere were signed 31 August 2021 - 18:49 Two documents in the energy sector were signed in the presence of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who is on a working visit to the United States. President met with the families of the fallen defenders of Ukraine 29 August 2021 - 14:47 On the Day of Remembrance of Defenders who died in the struggle for the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with members of the families of fallen soldiers. 1 2 ... 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine