5 captures 03 Jan 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 Dec JAN Feb 03 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240103111602/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-88061 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is in Ukraine that we must prove that democracies are capable of protecting life from all forms of terror – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 January 2024 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news An independent and strong Ukraine will always be grateful to everyone who fought for it – President during the presentation of apartment certificates to the Heroes of Ukraine and the families of the fallen Heroes 3 January 2024 - 09:32 Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 2 January 2024 - 22:37 It is in Ukraine that we must prove that democracies are capable of protecting life from all forms of terror – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 January 2024 - 20:54 President of Ukraine discussed defense cooperation with the UK Prime Minister, particularly further bolstering of Ukraine's air defense 2 January 2024 - 18:45 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President’s participation in the presentation of apartment certificates to the Heroes of Ukraine and the families of the fallen Heroes 3 January 2024 - 09:45 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 2 January 2024 - 22:37 As part of the continued dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. During the first conversation in 2024, the parties discussed the consequences of Russia's recent massive shelling of Ukraine's territory with the use of various types of missiles and Shahed-type kamikaze drones. Andriy Yermak informed about the performance of Ukraine's air defense forces, which shot down the vast majority of enemy aerial targets, including Kinzhal air-launched ballistic missiles. The parties agreed on the need to continue to bolster Ukraine's air defense. The importance of maintaining the necessary level of U.S. support for Ukraine's air defense was emphasized. The Head of the President's Office expressed sincere gratitude to the team of U.S. President Joseph Biden for all the efforts aimed at the prompt adoption of the aid package by the U.S. Congress, which is essential for our country. Andriy Yermak and Jake Sullivan also coordinated steps to implement the plans for Ukraine – U.S. cooperation in 2024 in all areas, including national security. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine thanked Jake Sullivan for his comprehensive assistance and conveyed words of gratitude to U.S. President Joseph Biden, his entire team, both chambers and parties of the U.S. Congress and every American for their support to our country in countering Russia's terrorist attacks and for the powerful assistance in the fight for freedom and democracy on the European continent. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine