7 captures 19 Sep 2024 - 16 Nov 2025 Aug SEP Oct 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240919042508/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/cinuyemo-znachnij-vnesok-islandiyi-u-stvorennya-mizhnarodnih-93329 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Our Plan for Victory Is Already Fully Prepared; the Most Important Thing Now Is the Determination to Implement It – Address by the President 18 September 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news Nine Regions Are Negotiating Cooperation with American States – Viktor Mykyta 18 September 2024 - 21:00 Our Plan for Victory Is Already Fully Prepared; the Most Important Thing Now Is the Determination to Implement It – Address by the President 18 September 2024 - 20:05 We Have Made an Important Step Towards the Creation of a Special Tribunal for the Crime of Aggression – Iryna Mudra 18 September 2024 - 14:27 Olena Zelenska's Foundation Opened a Modernized Laboratory at the Clinical Center for Pediatric Medicine in Lviv 18 September 2024 - 12:14 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's Participation in the Events on Rescuer's Day 17 September 2024 - 12:54 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office We Appreciate Iceland's Significant Contribution to Creating International Mechanisms for Holding Russia Accountable for Its Crimes in Ukraine – Ihor Zhovkva 18 September 2024 - 10:53 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a videoconference with Andri Lúthersson, the newly appointed Foreign Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Iceland. Ihor Zhovkva expressed gratitude to Iceland for its assistance to Ukraine during the full-scale Russian invasion. He emphasized the importance of effectively implementing the bilateral security agreement and highlighted efforts in establishing a special tribunal and an International Register of Damages. “We appreciate Iceland's significant contribution to the creation of international mechanisms for holding Russia accountable for its crimes in Ukraine,” said the Deputy Head of the Presidential Office. Ihor Zhovkva and Andri Lúthersson discussed international efforts to implement the Peace Formula and agreed on actions to engage more countries from the Global South. The conversation also touched upon cooperation within international initiatives, particularly within the Ukraine – Northern Europe format. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine