1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025534/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=23 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Olena Zelenska took part in the Prayer for Ukraine 24 August 2023 - 11:01 On Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the solemn event "Prayer for Ukraine" held at St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv. President and First Lady honored memory of fallen defenders of Ukraine 24 August 2023 - 10:58 On Independence Day of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska honored the memory of our country's defenders fallen in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Congratulations by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Independence Day of Ukraine 24 August 2023 - 09:01 When we celebrate Ukraine's independence, everyone can feel a part of it. Everyone can ask themselves: where are you in Ukrainian independence? What did you add to independence? And what did you do to help independence? And today I want to dedicate these congratulations to you. To you, who is giving Ukraine its independence. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award 23 August 2023 - 22:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation of the National Legend of Ukraine Presidential Award. We do not exchange our territories for any membership in any union - President of Ukraine 23 August 2023 - 21:22 Ukraine is fighting for the de-occupation of Crimea and all other Ukrainian territories temporarily occupied by Russia and is not ready to give up any of its lands in exchange for membership in any union. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives in the framework of the 3rd Summit of the International Crimea Platform in Kyiv. Olena Zelenska: Neonatal ambulances for Ukrainian hospitals are an effective result of our negotiations on the margins of the UN General Assembly 23 August 2023 - 21:05 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the transfer of new neonatal ambulances to medical institutions in the country. 20 vehicles with state-of-the-art neonatal care equipment were delivered to Ukraine by the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) at the request of the President's wife and the Ministry of Health of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with U.S. Senators 23 August 2023 - 20:33 The Head of State commended the bicameral and bipartisan support for Ukraine in the U.S. Congress and expressed special gratitude to the President of the United States and the entire American people for their leadership in defense and financial assistance to our country. President of Ukraine met with the President of Hungary 23 August 2023 - 19:41 Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the importance of Hungary's support for Ukraine, in particular, in the fight against the Russian aggressor, as well as on the path of our country's integration into the European Union and NATO. Olena Zelenska at the presentation of the Coordination Center for the Development of Family Upbringing: We must give family warmth to every child 23 August 2023 - 18:29 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the presentation of the Coordination Center for the Development of Family Upbringing and Child Care established on the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife with the support of President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen. Russia caused the isolation of Crimea, we will return the whole world to Crimea - President's speech at the third Crimea Platform Summit 23 August 2023 - 17:35 Crimea will be de-occupied. As will all other parts of Ukraine that are now, unfortunately, under occupation. 1 2 ... 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine