5 captures 12 Oct 2024 - 17 Nov 2025 Sep OCT Nov 12 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241012185734/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=11-09-2023&date-to=11-09-2024&page=8 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Week, We Added New Arms Agreements for Ukraine – Address by the President 12 October 2024 - 20:47 View all videos n latest news This Week, We Added New Arms Agreements for Ukraine – Address by the President 12 October 2024 - 20:44 Financial Support to Ukraine and Reconstruction of the Chernihiv Region: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Met with the Federal President of Germany 11 October 2024 - 20:07 We Will Work with Our Partners in Europe to Make the Most of Each Planned Step – Address by the President 11 October 2024 - 19:53 This Is a Plan of Absolutely Clear and Realistic Steps: Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to Olaf Scholz 11 October 2024 - 19:09 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy Meets with Pope Francis in the Vatican 11 October 2024 - 13:58 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Andriy Yermak Visited Italy and the Vatican City on the Instructions of the President of Ukraine 8 June 2024 - 23:07 On his way back from France, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak paid a working visit to the Italian Republic and the Vatican City on the instructions of the President. Ukraine and the EU Held Another Round of Negotiations on a Security Agreement 8 June 2024 - 20:25 The Office of the President Hosted an Inter-Ministerial Meeting on the Ratification of the Rome Statute 8 June 2024 - 13:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra and Prosecutor General of Ukraine Andriy Kostin held an inter-ministerial meeting on the ratification of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court. Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 4 June 2024 - 22:55 The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, Andriy Yermak, held an online meeting with the heads of the world's leading universities and educational associations. He spoke about the Peace Formula proposed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, ways of its implementation, and preparations for the Global Peace Summit. Presidential Office Held a Meeting with Representatives of Student and Youth Organizations 31 May 2024 - 22:33 The Head of the Office of the President, Andriy Yermak, held an online meeting with almost a hundred representatives of international youth organizations from all over the world. Andriy Yermak Discussed Support for the Peace Summit with the President of the World Boxing Council 31 May 2024 - 10:02 Andriy Yermak called on the President of the World Boxing Council to support the Peace Summit and spread the word about it. The Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the U.S. Deputy Secretary of the Treasury 30 May 2024 - 13:42 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Iryna Mudra and Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Vladyslav Vlasiuk met with U.S. Deputy Secretary of the Treasury Wally Adeyemo. The parties discussed U.S. support for Ukraine, steps to strengthen sanctions against Russia, and implementation of reforms. Ukraine and Chile Deepen Their Cooperation to Return Ukrainian Children Abducted by Russia 29 May 2024 - 13:07 Within the framework of the Stolen Voices information campaign, which is part of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Bring Kids Back UA action plan, a Ukrainian delegation led by Daria Herasymchuk, Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation, visited Chile. The visit was organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak Discussed with Yuval Noah Harari the Importance of Drawing More Attention to the Global Peace Summit 27 May 2024 - 14:25 The Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held a video conversation with Israeli historian and author, Professor Yuval Noah Harari. Argentina Plans to Join the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children 25 May 2024 - 18:25 Within the framework of the Stolen Voices information campaign, which is part of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Bring Kids Back UA action plan, a Ukrainian delegation visited Argentina. The delegation was headed by Daria Herasymchuk, Advisor – Presidential Commissioner for Children's Rights and Child Rehabilitation. The visit was organized by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine