1 capture 08 Feb 2023 Jan FEB Mar 08 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230208025319/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=07-02-2022&date-to=07-02-2023&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are working on all enemy scenarios and defending the state - address by the President of Ukraine 7 February 2023 - 20:11 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the plenary session of the Verkhovna Rada 7 February 2023 - 15:43 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska: Every Ukrainian child should be brought up in a family 2 February 2023 - 22:18 First Lady Olena Zelenska discussed the issue of overcoming orphanhood and introducing family-type forms of upbringing with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to Ukraine. We in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies and increase pressure on Russia - address by President Zelenskyy 2 February 2023 - 21:54 We have to continue what we are doing: strengthen our resilience, be absolutely united in our aspiration to provide our army and all defenders with the necessary weapons and equipment - we in Ukraine need to speak with one voice to the world on defense supplies. Tax reform will eliminate corruption in this area and improve business conditions - Rostyslav Shurma 2 February 2023 - 20:24 The tax reform being worked on by the Office of the President of Ukraine will eliminate corruption in the tax sphere and level the playing field for all market participants. This was stated by Rostyslav Shurma, Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine, speaking at the Global Outlook: Victory Mode conference, organized by the European Business Association. We must do everything we can so that next year we will be able to pray with thanks for the obtained salvation from evil - Volodymyr Zelenskyy's address to the participants of the National Prayer Breakfast in the United States 2 February 2023 - 18:33 We believe in God. We do not allow despair. Thanks to the bravery of our soldiers. Thanks to the help of friends of freedom in the world – thanks to President Biden and all of you – the leaders and people who help. This year should be the time when no obstacles remain to the start of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU - President at the joint meeting of the Cabinet of Ministers and the European Commission Board 2 February 2023 - 16:50 Ukraine and the European Union are no longer separate entities in European life. Our values are common. Our destiny is common. Our enemy is common. Our defense is common. Hence, our life is also being united. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The European Commission will help Ukraine create a system of family-type children's homes 2 February 2023 - 16:09 "We have agreed with Mrs. Ursula that the European Commission will help us launch the reform of the system of care and protection of children who, unfortunately, do not have parental care," the Head of State noted. Further integration of Ukraine and the EU means strengthening the common European capabilities to protect life - President following the negotiations with Ursula von der Leyen in Kyiv 2 February 2023 - 15:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to Ukraine. Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 2 February 2023 - 11:46 The interlocutors were briefed on the current situation on the frontline, particularly in the Donetsk and southern directions. In addition, the parties exchanged views on possible actions of the enemy in the near future. Justice will be ensured - address by the President of Ukraine 1 February 2023 - 22:56 I thank all law enforcement officials who have demonstrated the power of law and the power of the state today. I am grateful to the Government of Ukraine for its prompt personnel response. Ihor Zhovkva had a phone call with the Diplomatic Advisor to the Prime Minister of Italy 1 February 2023 - 20:44 The conversation was devoted to the discussion of topical issues in the context of preparations for the upcoming visit to Ukraine by Prime Minister of Italy Giorgia Meloni and its practical results. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine