5 captures 07 Nov 2024 - 09 Sep 2025 Oct NOV Dec 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Media Cloud A longitudinal web archival collection based on URIs from the daily feed of Media Cloud that maps news media coverage of current events. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241110195417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhne-pidpriyemstvo-sho-pracyuye-ce-investiciya-u-majbutnye-94277 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 21:50 View all videos n latest news This Week, We Have Important Decisions from Our Partners – Address by the President 10 November 2024 - 20:10 Ukrainian-Language Audio Guides Introduced in Mexico and Argentina 10 November 2024 - 12:30 We Surpassed the Milestone of the First 100 Units of Missile Armament This Year – Address by the President 9 November 2024 - 19:07 Andriy Yermak Met with Students of the Institute of International Relations of Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv 8 November 2024 - 22:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President Presented Apartment Certificates to Heroes of Ukraine and Families of Fallen Heroes 8 November 2024 - 16:20 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Every Operating Enterprise Is an Investment in the Future of Our State – Address by the President to the Participants of the Kyiv International Economic Forum 7 November 2024 - 14:10 I wish you good health! Ladies and gentlemen! All participants of the already Tenth Kyiv International Economic Forum. I am confident that the next years of Ukraine's independence will only give more weight to such platforms. We are fully aware: the Ukraine we want for our children is a Ukraine that has achieved lasting peace, has fulfilled all its reconstruction goals, and is using every connection to the global world in the right way. This is our collective effort. The state can achieve ambitious goals only in cooperation with social forces and business. That is why I want to thank all of you for standing with our country, for being in Ukraine, and for helping our state. Every operating enterprise is an investment in the future of our state. All the jobs that have been preserved, every new job for our people, all the preserved and new production facilities are now actually part of Ukraine's internal security guarantees. And we must only strengthen these guarantees. In these weeks, we are preparing our internal Strengthening Plan for Ukraine, for internal resilience, our internal tasks for victory. And one of the key elements in it will be the economic element, the business element, how we can unleash Ukraine's internal economic power through deregulation, normal competition, the potential of our entrepreneurship, to strengthen Ukraine's sovereignty and our defense against external aggression. We have invited the business community to join in developing the internal Plan, specifically the economic aspect. Yuliia Svyrydenko is leading this work, and the strategic vision of entrepreneurs will be taken into account. Just as will be one of our key geopolitical needs – to be in Europe. This is the foundation. Right now, I am on my way to Budapest to attend the European Political Community Summit. It is obvious how important this is now. Last night I spoke with President Trump. It was a very warm conversation. But we must do everything to ensure that the results of our interaction – between Ukraine and America, between Europe and America – are productive and positive. This is a concrete task. I'm confident we will resolve it too. And I rely on your support – no less now than in previous years. It is important for Ukraine, for Ukrainians. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine