7 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 05 Sep 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233507/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/obyednujte-zaradi-svobodi-zaradi-spilnih-zdobutkiv-zvernenny-85565 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Unite for freedom, for common achievements - President's address to the university community of the Netherlands 12 September 2023 - 16:25 Madam Rector! Thank you for your kind words. Greetings, Netherlands! Dear students! I would like to dedicate this address primarily to you - those who are still very young and starting their academic year. But in a very short time - and believe me, you won't even notice how quickly this time will pass - you yourself may be addressing others who are starting their academic year... Perhaps these will be the words that you, as parents, may say to your children. Perhaps you will be working at a university, teaching the disciplines you are currently studying, and then you will greet new students who have come to you for the first time. And you may become leaders in politics, business or civic activism who are invited to address students at such solemn moments... This is your life, and what it will be like, what will become your destiny over time, and what you will be able to say to others depends only on you and no one else. In today's world, there is definitely no shortage of advice, let alone motivational speeches. People are telling you how to live and what to do or not to do everywhere. Even when it is absolutely inappropriate. And I'm sure all of you have heard many times what you should do to make sure you will succeed in someone else's opinion. And sometimes this is even the right advice. Sometimes you really need to listen to others... But still, if you don't understand what path you are on and what your own boundaries of right and wrong are, everything you have can simply drown in the flow of life – dissolve in time. And it is very frightening when people look back at their lives and do not see their own lives... they see something else instead. This is exactly the same for countries. Just like for people. Every country needs the ability to say "yes" or "no". Just like a person. No matter what the situation is and no matter what others offer, you need to know the boundaries of your "yes" and "no", your own interest. Every country needs to know what it is worth, what exactly belongs to it in this world. Just like every individual. Because if you don't understand what is yours, you won't be able to defend your choice. Each country has its own level of freedom – some have more, some have less. Someone inherited it. Someone fights for freedom... But whatever the country, freedom is never a gift. It always needs to be protected. It always needs to be appreciated, it's always necessary to realize what gives freedom its strength, and it's necessary to constantly increase guarantees for freedom. So that there is no moment when the country loses its freedom. And it is the same with every person – you need to understand what gives you the power to be free, so that you can always be free. And we must always – always! – be able to find reasons for unity. All countries. And all people. The modern world is overly divisive. It happens every moment... When your social networks create an informational and, even more importantly, emotional picture of life tailored to you... When your social circle gradually grows into a social bubble in which you hardly feel how others live in other bubbles... And when your work, your habits, your place in life become not just something that distinguishes you from others, but something that completely closes you off from other lives. This is the case with people. But isn't it the same with countries? The world lacks unity... It lacks the ability to feel the other and make the other your ally. It lacks the ability to put ambitions at the service of common values. Now the world is going through a special stage, when it is being decided not only whether we alone, somewhere in Eastern Europe, will preserve freedom... Now it is being determined whether it will be possible to make genocidal policy part of the allegedly normal world politics. This is exactly what Russia is trying to do with its war against us... To make genocide a background against which others can live in peace somewhere in their "bubbles"... To freeze the war and turn death from a shocking picture of battles into the almost imperceptible reality of daily repression in the occupied territory. Is the world united against this? Not all of it. Not yet. But we are trying! This is one of the main things we are doing. Ukraine is looking for reasons for unity with different countries. Even with those that we have had almost no relations with for decades. We are building new ties. We are building new partnerships. The Netherlands, in particular, is helping us with this - your leadership, your participation helps us unite the world for the sake of our common values. And this makes our defense stronger, our freedom stronger. Would we be able to communicate like this today, on the five hundred and sixty-sixth day of a brutal full-scale war, if Ukraine did not work for unity? I sincerely wish you to see your own path. I wish you to be able to always say "yes" or "no" as it corresponds to your sense of life, your interests, your nature. But at the same time, please do not turn what is yours into a wall that closes others off you. Look for unity. Look for friends, partners, like-minded people. It doesn't matter what country they are from... the Netherlands or Ukraine... it doesn't matter if their name is Mark or Volodymyr... The main thing is your common result. Work together with others. Unite for the sake of freedom. For the sake of common achievements that may even become historical. Overcome the things that divide you so that in any crisis situation you will always have an ally by your side. When this is your skill on a personal level, it will invariably become your special strength on a community and national level. Dear students! Today, the Netherlands is among the global leaders in the defense of freedom and human life. Thanks to the generations you came to learn from. And I wish that when the next generation comes to learn from you, some foreign leaders will be able to thank your country in the same way... for jointly defending freedom, for supporting human life, and for giving every person and every country this fundamental choice in life - to say "yes" or "no" when it concerns the path to the future. One's own future. The real one. The one we are fighting for for Ukraine right now. And we will definitely prevail! Thank you for your attention and thank you for your support! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine