4 captures 29 Jul 2021 - 02 Jul 2024 Feb MAR Apr 25 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220325070750/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-olena-zelenska-ta-yunisef-v-ukrayini-pidpisali-m-61405 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:13 View all videos n latest news If Russia had known what it would face in Ukraine, it would have definitely been afraid to come here - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 March 2022 - 01:11 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the European Council 25 March 2022 - 01:03 President of Ukraine met with the Speakers of the Parliaments of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia who arrived in Kyiv 24 March 2022 - 20:34 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the participants of the Group of Seven summit 24 March 2022 - 17:21 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded KORD fighters who protect Ukrainians and maintain law and order in the conditions of the Russian invasion 19 March 2022 - 16:07 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady Olena Zelenska and UNICEF in Ukraine signed a Memorandum of Understanding 1 June 2020 - 14:54 On Children's Day, President's wife Olena Zelenska and UNICEF Representative in Ukraine Lotta Sylwander signed a Memorandum of Understanding. The document aims to consolidate the efforts of the First Lady and the UNICEF team for effective results in protecting the rights and interests of children in various fields. The memorandum provides for cooperation in such areas as creating a barrier-free environment for children to be fully included in social life, improving school nutrition and promoting a healthy lifestyle, as well as ensuring equal rights for boys and girls to realize their potential. "This document demonstrates our shared vision of how to act. Protection, support, equal opportunities are its main principles. It is symbolic for me that we signed it on Children's Day. After all, this day is a reminder to adults of the responsibility they bear for children's lives and health, full development and formation," Olena Zelenska said. "This memorandum is an opportunity to join forces and work together to create better conditions for children in Ukraine. Children and families with children need special support in these difficult times as the world struggles with new challenges. We are glad that we have so many common areas for cooperation. I am convinced that we have numerous projects ahead in support of the rights of the child, a healthy lifestyle and the barrier-free society,” Lotta Sylwander emphasized. Currently, the President's wife and specialists from the Ukrainian office of UNICEF are actively cooperating for the high-quality implementation of the healthy nutrition program in Ukrainian schools. Specialists of UNESCO joined the development of the National Strategy for Building a Safe and Healthy Educational Environment, which was approved by the Decree of the President of Ukraine on May 25, 2020. They also participate in the implementation of this strategy. Another joint initiative of the First Lady and the UNICEF team is TV lessons for primary school pupils in the framework of the national distance learning project for the period of quarantine "Nationwide Online School". According to Olena Zelenska, UNICEF's international expertise and access to the best world experience in implementing such projects is very valuable for Ukraine. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine