1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309050445/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=69 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – There is a decrease in the incidence of COVID-19 for the seventh week in a row in Ukraine - meeting with the President 11 May 2021 - 14:16 There is a positive trend in the situation with the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine according to all indicators. This was announced by Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal during a conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Educational institution for training of cybersecurity specialists will be established in Ukraine - Head of State 11 May 2021 - 12:48 In order to more efficiently combat cybercrime in Ukraine, it is planned to create an educational institution to train specialists in the field of cybersecurity. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Country Security" in Kyiv. Due to the joint efforts of Ukraine and international partners, there is a decrease in the number of shots in Donbas, although the provocations have not stopped - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 11 May 2021 - 12:35 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that today, due to the joint efforts of Ukraine and international partners, there is a decrease in the number of cases of violation of the regime of silence in Donbas, although the enemy’s provocations have not stopped. Ukraine doesn’t want a war, yet must have a powerful and capable army for peace - President 11 May 2021 - 11:50 The development of the Concept of a National Resilience System, which provides for the fulfillment of the basic requirements of NATO, is currently being finalized. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the forum "Ukraine 30. Country Security" in Kyiv. President visited the National Museum of the History of Ukraine in the Second World War and watched the expositions dedicated to the struggle of Ukrainians for their land 9 May 2021 - 11:02 On the Day of Victory over Nazism, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the National Museum of the History of Ukraine in the Second World War and watched the exhibitions "History of the Second World War" and "Ukraine. The Unfinished War". Volodymyr Zelenskyy laid flowers to the Eternal Flame, honoring the memory of those killed in World War II 9 May 2021 - 09:31 On the Day of Victory over Nazism, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a ceremony of honoring the victims of World War II on Glory Square in Kyiv. Presidents of Ukraine and Latvia signed a joint Declaration on Ukraine's European prospect 8 May 2021 - 17:52 During a working trip to the Luhansk region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with President of the Republic of Latvia Egils Levits. As a result of the conversation, the heads of state signed a joint Declaration on Ukraine's European prospect. Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the memorial "Ukraine for Liberators" in the Luhansk region and honored the memory of those killed in World War II 8 May 2021 - 15:18 On the occasion of the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation and on the eve of the Day of Victory over Nazism in World War II, the Head of State laid flowers to the Eternal Flame and honored those killed in the battles for the homeland. The memory of the warriors was also honored by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak, his deputies and ambassadors of the G7 countries and the EU who arrived in the Luhansk region together with Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President began a working trip to the Luhansk region 8 May 2021 - 12:45 The Head of State will take part in a ceremony of honoring the memory of the victims of World War II. Cooperation with Stadler will contribute to the establishment of modern production of trains and trams in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 May 2021 - 19:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Peter Christoph Spuhler, President of the Board of Directors of one of the world's leading rolling stock manufacturers – the Swiss company Stadler CIS AG, and Alexander Luft, CEO of Stadler CIS AG. 1 2 ... 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine