8 captures 05 Jun 2024 - 19 Nov 2025 May JUN Jul 05 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240605154821/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-koaliciya-za-povernennya-ukrayinskih-ditej-posti-91349 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It Is Only the Beginning of June, but These Are Already the Weeks That Will Define the Whole Summer, and in Many Ways This Year – the Address by the President 4 June 2024 - 19:59 View all videos n latest news The International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children is Constantly Growing – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Latin American Media 5 June 2024 - 15:19 Our task is to provide Ukraine with all the opportunities to produce weapons and ammunition to have reliable protection against aggression – address of the President 4 June 2024 - 22:55 It Is Only the Beginning of June, but These Are Already the Weeks That Will Define the Whole Summer, and in Many Ways This Year – the Address by the President 4 June 2024 - 19:57 Olena Zelenska Honored the Memory of Children Killed as a Result of Russian Aggression Against Ukraine 4 June 2024 - 15:15 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of the Philippines 3 June 2024 - 07:00 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children is Constantly Growing – Olena Zelenska in an Interview with Latin American Media 5 June 2024 - 15:19 Ukraine is searching for 19,000 Ukrainian children forcibly taken by the aggressor state of Russia. These are only those whose names have been verified. First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska said this in an interview with journalists from Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, El Salvador and Chile. The President's wife emphasized that Russia continues to conceal the information and whereabouts of Ukrainian children. Neither Ukrainian authorities nor international organizations have access to them. “Only the joint efforts of all free countries can counter Russian arbitrariness against defenseless children. It is encouraging that the International Coalition for the Return of Ukrainian Children is constantly growing. It is important that all countries of the world realize as soon as possible that the rights and protection of Ukrainian children mean the rights and protection of their children as well,” Olena Zelenska said. She added that the coalition now includes 37 countries. Recently, Argentina joined it. During the interview, the First Lady also spoke about the work on the implementation of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program “How Are You?” and the activities of the Olena Zelenska Foundation. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine