12 captures 05 Aug 2021 - 13 Oct 2025 Apr MAY Jun 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220516090800/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/posilannyam-na-tu-chi-inshu-susidnyu-derzhavu-ne-mozhna-zagl-62753 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are doing everything to maintain the world's maximum attention to Ukraine and our needs - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 May 2022 - 23:03 View all videos n latest news We are doing everything to maintain the world's maximum attention to Ukraine and our needs - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 15 May 2022 - 23:01 Support for Ukraine means working to prevent a global famine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2022 - 22:51 President met with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:12 Ukraine does not have extra six months to wait for the EU oil embargo as Russia continues to kill our citizens - Oleg Ustenko 14 May 2022 - 12:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with a delegation of the US Senate 14 May 2022 - 15:16 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Referring to one or another neighboring state cannot drown out voice of thousands of protests of own citizens – Office of President on situation in Belarus 16 August 2020 - 17:08 Interstate relations are, first of all, accuracy and balance of public statements. No matter what emotional state you are in today, relations between neighbors will definitely be tomorrow, the day after tomorrow. However, today it was practically officially announced in Minsk that the Ukrainian leadership allegedly "orders" new elections in Belarus. This is not just a patently false claim. This is a deliberate mounting tension, conscious provocative behavior. For what? Or even not in this way: what does Ukraine have to do with it, if the events relate exclusively to Belarus and internal mistrust?.. Firstly, Ukraine respects both the geographical and political boundaries of each nation for sure and does not interfere in the decision making about the elections or someone's victory in them, because accuracy, patience is a sign of civilization of any nation... Secondly, undoubtedly, referring to one or another neighboring state cannot drown out the voice of thousands of protests of own citizens. If there is no trust – and the world sees that there is no credibility at all – then this gap cannot be filled with unfair accusations against the "leadership of another country." Rather, more mistrust can be generated. Thirdly, the official Minsk, unfortunately, has already showed, having irresponsibly released the "Wagner" fighters, that the historical closeness between our two nations and the principle of mutual assistance of neighbors is worth nothing for it. This, by the way, is the choice of the state that unambiguously speaks of its internal values. Let's leave this question rhetorical. The only thing it is worth saying to the Belarusian state is to respect the right of its fellow citizens to life, health and freedom, and to political maturity... Not only the future of Belarus, but also the future of many people, with any politicians, will depend on this. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine