11 captures 06 Sep 2020 - 18 Nov 2025 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214033649/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/leonid-kravchuk-ukrayinska-storona-chitko-j-poslidovno-dotri-63333 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the citizens: Distinguish rumors and fakes from the real state of affairs 25 January 2022 - 20:19 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 13 February 2022 - 21:55 Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council discussed further steps of the EU in support of Ukraine 13 February 2022 - 13:12 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Canada 12 February 2022 - 23:02 Ukraine is aware of the risks of escalation of the situation by Russia, but is taking measures for a political and diplomatic settlement - President 12 February 2022 - 17:43 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President to the Kherson region 12 February 2022 - 15:11 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Leonid Kravchuk: The Ukrainian party clearly and consistently adheres to the regime of full and comprehensive ceasefire 6 September 2020 - 17:52 On Sunday, September 6, Kyiv hosted an extended meeting of the leadership of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group involving Deputy Prime Minister of Ukraine - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories Oleksiy Reznikov, Minister of Defense of Ukraine Andriy Taran and representatives of the General Staff of Ukraine. The meeting was devoted to the consideration of public statements by members of illegal armed groups regarding threats to open fire on the positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine near Horlivka. The participants of the meeting conducted a detailed analysis of the situation, hearing the reports of the representative of the TCG working group on security, representatives of the Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine, and taking into account the report of the OSCE Special Monitoring Mission of September 5, 2020. "We very much appreciate the full and comprehensive ceasefire regime that was reached on July 27. That is why we are constantly monitoring the implementation of the agreements, and it is important to us that the Normandy process gives results as soon as possible. The Ukrainian party will do everything to prevent the truce in Donbas from being disrupted," Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group Leonid Kravchuk said. The OSCE document clearly states that the Mission conducted aerial surveillance in the area of the town of Shumy and did not find any changes in the existing positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine compared to July 5, 2020. That is, the OSCE SMM in fact confirms the absence of any changes in the positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine that would violate the TCG agreement of July 22, 2020 on measures to reinforce the ceasefire regime. The participants of the meeting confirmed that the Ukrainian party clearly and consistently adheres to the regime of full and comprehensive ceasefire. "It is important that this is fully confirmed in the OSCE SMM reports as well," the Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the TCG added. Particular attention was paid to the incident that took place on September 6 and as a result of which a Ukrainian serviceman was wounded while dismantling a burnt dugout. Taking into account all the circumstances of the incident, the participants of the meeting came to the conclusion that single provocations by the ORDLO cannot and will not be grounds for disrupting the peace process. That is, the Ukrainian party will do everything to prevent the truce in Donbas from being disrupted. Following the meeting, Head of the Ukrainian delegation to the Trilateral Contact Group Leonid Kravchuk addressed Special Representative of the OSCE Chairperson-in-Office in Ukraine and the TCG Heidi Grau. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine