12 captures 03 Sep 2022 - 13 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 03 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Mark Graham Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham Collection: "Fake News" II (2019) Archive-It Partner 1028: Mark Graham - Collection 12099: "Fake News" II (2019) TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220903081559/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-zrobimo-vse-shob-ukrayinci-polyaki-i-vsi-narodi-yevropi-z-77477 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Ukraine's movement to EU, transformation within the country is guarantee of freedom for all Ukrainians – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 September 2022 - 21:53 View all videos n latest news Ukraine's movement to EU, transformation within the country is guarantee of freedom for all Ukrainians – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 2 September 2022 - 21:50 Sanctions and visa restrictions should make Russians feel the price of aggression against Ukraine - President at the Ambrosetti Forum 2 September 2022 - 12:46 We will force Russia to peace if all our partners keep their word as Ukraine does - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ambrosetti Forum 2 September 2022 - 12:26 It is demilitarization of the territory of the Zaporizhzhia NPP that is the goal of Ukrainian and international efforts - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 1 September 2022 - 22:27 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President visited the school in Irpin on the occasion of Knowledge Day 1 September 2022 - 12:44 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We will do everything so that Ukrainians, Poles and all the peoples of Europe live freely – President of Ukraine addresses the people of Poland on the 83rd anniversary of the outbreak of the Second World War 1 September 2022 - 10:03 Dear friends! Dear Polish people, brothers and sisters! Already 83 years separate us from that morning that put Europe and the world on the brink of ruin. On September 1, 1939, around 4 a.m., the Polish city of Wieluń was the target of a terrible bombardment. Nazi Germany went to war against all free nations, starting with Poland. And there will not be such a generation of Ukrainians, Poles, all Europeans or people in general who will forget what Nazism brought and what the Nazi executioners were held accountable for. People believed that it would be possible to avoid the repetition of those terrible crimes and such a cruel war. But it was such a morning again. Only on February 24, 2022, when bombs and missiles hit peaceful cities. Once again, the ideology of hatred is trying to seize space in Europe through mass murder and terror. Wieluń is repeated – in Kharkiv, in Mykolaiv, in the cities of Donbas, in Mariupol. Burnt cities and villages were repeated. Katyń was repeated – in Olenivka. The deportation was repeated. But there is something that did not happen again. No one made criminal pacts with hatred. And from the first minute of this war, we receive real help from true friends and brothers, who have become our powerful rear and are doing everything to help us win. We will do everything to ensure that Ukrainians, Poles and all the peoples of Europe live freely. So that every generation of our peoples, all Europeans and people in general remember what racism was and what the racist executioners will be punished for. We will do everything to ensure that the morning of September 1, the morning of June 22 and the morning of February 24 do not repeat. Never again. We will do everything so that hatred finally loses. Thank you for your support! Thank you, dear Andrzej, for your leadership! Glory to Poland! Glory to Ukraine! Eternal memory to all innocent victims! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine