4 captures 16 Aug 2022 - 17 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 16 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220816152711/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/golovnim-principom-vikoristannya-koshtiv-zaluchenih-na-vidbu-76285 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops must be immediately withdrawn from the territory of the Zaporizhzhia NPP without any conditions - address by the President of Ukraine 15 August 2022 - 22:53 View all videos n latest news Russian troops must be immediately withdrawn from the territory of the Zaporizhzhia NPP without any conditions - address by the President of Ukraine 15 August 2022 - 22:52 Andriy Yermak met with U.S Ambassador to Ukraine, Deputy Chief of Mission and U.S. Defense Attaché 15 August 2022 - 22:05 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with UNITED24 ambassadors Andriy Shevchenko and Liev Schreiber 15 August 2022 - 18:55 Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with the Head of the Diplomatic Directorate of the Office of the President of Hungary 15 August 2022 - 15:41 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the occasion of Youth Day 12 August 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Transparency and trust should be the main principle of using the funds directed to the reconstruction of Ukraine - Andriy Yermak at the conference in Lugano 4 July 2022 - 21:25 Ukraine's reconstruction plan should envisage funding from various sources, and one of the main principles of using funds should be transparency and trust. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak during his participation in the Ukraine Recovery Conference in Lugano (Switzerland). "We envisage various sources of funding. But you well understand the current state of our economy and private sector. Therefore, we count on the mighty support and participation of our partners. This is one of the goals of the conference in Lugano," Andriy Yermak said. He emphasized that Ukraine is working on reparations mechanisms and on attracting funds for reconstruction, which were blocked on the accounts of representatives of the aggressor country as a result of the introduction of sanctions by Western partners. "As far as possible, we will also use internal potential. But today, almost all internal potential is directed to support our people, to pay salaries, pensions, to support the socially vulnerable population and, most importantly, to finance the Armed Forces for our victory," said the Head of the President's Office. According to him, Ukraine has several options for the use of funds that will be directed to the recovery of the state. "The most important thing for us is that it should be transparent, with one hundred percent trust of our partners. It is fundamental for us. So that today no one has any doubts about how these funds are used and that they are directed to the appropriate goals - the restoration of our economy, the restoration of our infrastructure," Andriy Yermak emphasized. The Head of the President's Office noted that all partner states of Ukraine, which expressed a desire to participate in the restoration of our country, should unite their efforts in the framework of a single platform. "We want all countries that provide aid and support to Ukraine to be able to participate in this process. We are also interested in having a single platform for this," he said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine