7 captures 30 Jan 2023 - 14 Dec 2025 Dec JAN Feb 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230130123015/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=26-01-2022&date-to=26-01-2023&page=3 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must make time our weapon - we must speed up the supply of new weaponry options to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 January 2023 - 20:36 View all videos pg Photo gallery President of Ukraine honored memory of Kruty Heroes 29 January 2023 - 13:00 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Boris Johnson 22 January 2023 - 15:29 During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Boris Johnson exchanged views on practical steps that the British politician could take to help Ukraine in this difficult time. Ukraine is united because it is strong. Ukraine is strong because it is united - President's greetings on the Day of Unity 22 January 2023 - 09:03 Today we celebrate the Day of Unity of Ukraine. This historical event passed on two pieces of wisdom to the next generations of Ukrainians. If the struggle is not stopped, sooner or later a unified and independent state will be restored. If true unity is not attained, independence will be lost. Every day we lose people whom we will always remember and regret they're not coming back – address of President of Ukraine 21 January 2023 - 20:24 You cannot bring back Ukrainians, patriots, and people who are professional and simply loyal to themselves and the state. I wish we could all feel that today. Feel how many lives, how many bright people have been taken by wartime. I would like us all to honor their memory today… The world needs more determination and cooperation to stop the tyrant who tries to use famine as his tool – address of President of Ukraine to Berlin Agriculture Ministers' Conference participants 21 January 2023 - 18:00 Join our initiative Grain from Ukraine. Get involved in the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula. Andriy Yermak briefs US senators on situation at front, strengthening of Ukrainian army 21 January 2023 - 14:26 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak organized a briefing for a delegation of US senators visiting our country. President and First Lady take part in farewell ceremony for head and employees of Ministry of Internal Affairs killed in helicopter crash in Brovary 21 January 2023 - 14:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with his wife Olena Zelenska, took part in the farewell ceremony for the managers and employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs killed as in a helicopter crash in Brovary, Kyiv region on January 18. Today's Ramstein to strengthen our resilience – address of President of Ukraine 20 January 2023 - 20:11 The partners are firm in their attitude – they will support Ukraine as much as necessary for our victory. President holds meeting with US Senate delegation 20 January 2023 - 19:48 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with United States Senators Lindsey Graham, Richard Blumenthal and Sheldon Whitehouse, who are visiting Kyiv. Head of state receives credentials from ambassadors of Cyprus, Austria, Finland and Libya 20 January 2023 - 19:28 "Thank you for being with us here in Kyiv at this hard time. Especially now when Ukraine is under regular heavy missile attacks by the terrorist state. We appreciate your solidarity," the Head of State said, addressing the newly appointed ambassadors. Volodymyr Zelenskyy has telephone call with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 20 January 2023 - 18:37 The leaders underlined the need to continue the grain export agreement and noted the possibility of its expansion to other ports of Ukraine. The heads of state also supported the further action of the Ukrainian humanitarian initiative Grain from Ukraine. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 178 179 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine