1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032922/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=140 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – In year-end interview Olena Zelenska talks about her work during the war 31 December 2022 - 10:21 In an interview with Vadym Karpiak during the United News telethon, the President's wife said that the duties of the first ladies, especially during the war, are not regulated, so she had to decide for herself what a priority for the country is and where she will be able to bring the greatest benefit. Therefore, her work focused on several directions. In the new year Ukrainian air defense will become stronger, more effective – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 30 December 2022 - 19:46 Ukrainian air defense can become the most powerful in Europe, and this will be a guarantee of security not only for our country, but also for the entire continent. Olena Zelenska: The mission of my Foundation is to recover Ukraine through the recovery of every person 30 December 2022 - 18:08 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska told how her Foundation appeared in response to the Russian invasion and challenges related to the war and what tasks the organization faces. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presents Golden Heart awards to volunteers 30 December 2022 - 17:47 The Head of State presented the representatives of the Ukrainian volunteer movement with the Golden Heart awards of the President of Ukraine. "Soft power" becomes effective and powerful - Olena Zelenska told how the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen helps Ukraine and changes the world 30 December 2022 - 14:03 The wife of the President of Ukraine Olena Zelenska told about the development of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen in the year 2022. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff 30 December 2022 - 13:37 The participants of the meeting focused on the provision of defense forces units in the hottest areas with weapons and other means. Andriy Yermak discussed with Ukrainian defenders released from Russian captivity the work of the Coordination Headquarters on the treatment of prisoners of war 30 December 2022 - 13:25 Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak visited the Coordination Headquarters on the treatment of prisoners of war and held a meeting with Ukrainian defenders who were released from Russian captivity. Every Russian missile only confirms that all this must end with a tribunal - address by the President of Ukraine 29 December 2022 - 22:54 With each such missile strike, Russia is only driving itself deeper into a dead end. They have fewer and fewer missiles. Instead, the status of the biggest terrorist in the world will have consequences for Russia and its citizens for a long time. And each missile only confirms that all this must end with a tribunal. The main goal of the Peace Formula is to deprive Russia of the tools to commit the crime of aggression against our state and the world - Ihor Zhovkva 29 December 2022 - 21:12 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with Foreign and European Policy Adviser to the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. For the President, the life of every Ukrainian is important, therefore a large team is working on the release of Ukrainian prisoners - Andriy Yermak 29 December 2022 - 20:51 For President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the release of Ukrainian citizens from Russian captivity is a priority, so a large team is working on this issue every day. This was stated by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with TV presenter Natalia Moseychuk. 1 2 ... 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine