17 captures 26 Aug 2024 - 16 Nov 2025 Jul AUG Sep 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240826175417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kozhen-takij-udar-znovu-j-znovu-povertaye-vsih-nas-do-zavdan-92845 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:09 View all videos n latest news Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:08 There Should Be No Restrictions on the Range of Weapons for Ukraine, While Terrorists Have No Such Restrictions – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 12:40 The World Must Not Forget for a Single Day That Together, We Are Stronger Than Any Terrorist – Address by the President 25 August 2024 - 21:42 President Met with Winners and Medalists of the Summer Olympic Games in Paris and Presented Them with State Awards 24 August 2024 - 19:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Winners of the XXXIII Summer Olympic Games 24 August 2024 - 19:40 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches Each of These Strikes Repeatedly Brings Us Back to the Task of Long-Range Capabilities – Address by the President 26 August 2024 - 20:08 Dear Ukrainians! The aftermath of the Russian strike is still being dealt with. In total, there were more than 120 missiles of various types and over a hundred Shahed drones. The missiles were launched from various locations, including the airspace over Kursk and Belgorod regions, other Russia’s border areas, the Black Sea, and the territory of our occupied Crimea. Each of these strikes repeatedly brings us back to the task of long-range capabilities – the need to provide our Defense Forces with enough long-range weapons that can destroy terrorists exactly in the areas of their strikes. This is the optimal counter-terrorism tactic, one that every partner of ours has the right to and would undoubtedly use to protect themselves. And we expect decisions from them – decisions on our long-range capabilities. The physical presence of our Forces in the Kursk region and our active efforts to eliminate the Russian threat on its own territory are also a way to compensate for the deficit of long-range capabilities. Today, I started the day with a separate long conversation with Commander-in-Chief Syrskyi – discussing in detail the repulsion of this missile attack, our response to Russia – we are preparing it, the use of F-16s, and the ongoing operation in the Kursk region. We continue our actions in the designated areas as needed for Ukraine. Over the past day, we've gained more control and once again added to our "exchange fund." The Commander-in-Chief also reported on the situation on the Donetsk front, both separately and at the Staff meeting, focusing on the Pokrovsk direction, which remains the most difficult with the heaviest Russian assaults, as well as the Vremivka, Toretsk, and Kurakhove directions. Decisions were made to strengthen our positions. I thank every soldier and commander, every unit that is doing everything to destroy as much enemy force as possible. At the Staff meeting today, all the necessary reports were provided on the energy sector – the current state of the system and its restoration capabilities. Work will continue around the clock. We also thoroughly reviewed the situation regarding protective structures at energy facilities, and several important decisions were made on this matter as well. Thank you to everyone who promptly fulfills these tasks for the sake of our state and our people! And one more thing. I held a meeting with the heads of law enforcement and anti-corruption agencies, including the Prosecutor General and the Head of the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine. Reports were presented on combating collaborators and on criminal cases against those who justify Russian aggression and contribute to this war against Ukraine. We also specifically addressed border issues and incidents of illegal crossings, with reports from Klymenko, Maliuk, and Sukhachov. Regarding the anti-corruption program and the status of all related measures, reports were given by the heads of NACP, NABU, and SAP. In two weeks, they have to develop and present a clear plan for solving problematic issues – all of them are absolutely clear. Action is needed. Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine