12 captures 15 Oct 2021 - 10 Oct 2025 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071838/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-prijnyav-virchi-gramoti-v-apostolskogo-nunciy-70885 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of Israel and Latvia 1 October 2021 - 18:14 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the Apostolic Nuncio, Ambassadors of the State of Israel and the Republic of Latvia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the newly appointed Ambassador of the State of Israel to Ukraine Michael Brodsky and stressed the importance of further development of mutually beneficial, fruitful interstate cooperation. During the conversation, the parties also touched upon the issue of the 80th anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, in particular the participation of the Israeli delegation led by President Isaac Herzog in the commemorative events next week. "We highly appreciate the fact that Isaac Herzog's first state visit as President will take place in Ukraine. This is evidence of the special nature of the relations between our countries and peoples," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The President of Ukraine announced the adoption of the Law "On Prevention and Counteraction to Anti-Semitism in Ukraine" by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on September 22. The President raised the issue of the need for Israel to properly assess the Holodomor of 1932-1933. "The time has come for the Knesset of the State of Israel to support the recognition of the Holodomor as genocide of the Ukrainian people," Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed. The parties discussed the importance of developing cooperation in a number of promising areas where innovative technologies and best practices of Israeli companies can be used. In particular, they discussed agriculture and the involvement of Israel in a national project to create new and modernize existing irrigation systems in the southern regions of Ukraine. For his part, the Israeli Ambassador reaffirmed his commitment to work in these areas, and also expressed the Israeli side's interest in participating in the implementation of presidential infrastructure projects in Ukraine, in particular in the framework of the Large Construction program and the Presidential University project. In a conversation with the Apostolic Nuncio Visvaldas Kulbokas, the Head of State stressed that Ukraine appreciates the bilateral dialogue with the Holy See, which is developing and deepening. "We have a special relationship with the Holy See. We are grateful to the Pope for his continued support in speeches, prayers, mentions of Ukraine and the difficult situation of people in the temporarily occupied territories. We appreciate it," the President said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to Ukraine could be a particularly important event in the context of strengthening relations with the Holy See. The President reminded that this year Ukraine celebrated the 20th anniversary of the visit of Pope John Paul II, and we are looking forward to a new apostolic visit to our country. For his part, the Apostolic Nuncio thanked the President of Ukraine for evacuating 18 students and members of their families from Afghanistan. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy touched upon the issue of the beatification of Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky, long-awaited by the Ukrainian people. Greeting Ambassador of Latvia Ilgvars Klava, the President noted the friendly nature of cooperation between the states at the bilateral level, as well as within international organizations. An exchange of views on the preparation of future bilateral political contacts at the highest level took place, and key priorities of Ukrainian-Latvian relations were discussed. The newly appointed Ambassador confirmed the readiness of the President of Latvia to pay a visit to Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed that Latvia was among the first countries to support the founding summit of the Crimea Platform this year. The Ambassador of the Republic of Latvia announced the intentions of official Riga to continue to participate in the development of this important mechanism of deoccupation of Crimea, in particular by holding thematic events on international platforms. The President of Ukraine thanked the Latvian party for the assistance provided in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine