1 capture 14 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 14 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220214193132/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=14-02-2021&date-to=14-02-2022&page=95 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting on economic development: The main goal of the state is a wealthy Ukrainian 22 February 2021 - 18:02 Economic recovery, entrepreneurship, investment and public finances were discussed by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy with the heads of relevant departments in the Office of the Head of State, Parliament and Government. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Oleksiy Danilov discussed the work plan of the National Security and Defense Council for the near future 22 February 2021 - 16:07 Oleksiy Danilov informed the President about current threats to state and economic security, in particular in the financial and energy spheres. Ukraine continues cooperation with the IMF - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2021 - 15:04 Ukraine does not stop cooperating with the International Monetary Fund, but to receive the next tranche it is necessary to make a number of decisions, including at the legislative level, which takes some time. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure". President: It is planned to start construction of an airport in Donbas this year 22 February 2021 - 15:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that this year it is planned to find a place for construction and start designing an airport that would provide civil air services for the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. He told this during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure". Head of State: Thanks to the "Large Construction" program, 190,000 jobs have been saved 22 February 2021 - 14:52 The implementation of the National “Large Construction” Program helped save about 190,000 jobs in Ukraine during the restrictive measures against the COVID-19 pandemic. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure". COVID-19 vaccine to be available in Ukraine shortly: President speeds up supplies within his powers 22 February 2021 - 12:57 The COVID-19 vaccine will be available in Ukraine in the near future. This was announced during a traditional conference call chaired by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The "Large Restoration" program is designed for several years and is expected to be funded through a public-private partnership - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 February 2021 - 12:29 The "Large Restoration" program for the renovation of historical monuments and cultural heritage sites is designed for several years and will envisage various funding systems, including public-private partnership. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during an interview for Ukrainian TV channels in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure". President: Infrastructure is the attitude of the state to its people 22 February 2021 - 11:52 During his speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Infrastructure", President Volodymyr Zelenskyy outlined the key vectors of infrastructure development for the transformation of Ukraine into a country comfortable for people. President: The work on the creation of the Museum of the Revolution of Dignity will begin this year 20 February 2021 - 12:58 This year, the design and construction work on the creation of the Museum of the Revolution of Dignity will finally begin in Ukraine. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. President held a meeting on strategy for reintegration of temporarily occupied territories and national security buildup 20 February 2021 - 10:12 Establishing peace and deoccupation of all territories of Ukraine were one of the priorities of Volodymyr Zelenskyy's election campaign. The strategy of reintegration of the temporarily occupied territories and development of a strong system of national security and defense was discussed at a meeting chaired by the President of Ukraine. 1 2 ... 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine