8 captures 21 Sep 2022 - 09 Dec 2025 Aug SEP Oct 21 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220921054326/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dlya-peremogi-nad-agresorom-duzhe-vazhlivo-shob-ssha-zalisha-77881 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The state that provokes famine should get the toughest reaction from the world - President's speech at the Global Food Security Summit 21 September 2022 - 02:21 View all videos n latest news The state that provokes famine should get the toughest reaction from the world - President's speech at the Global Food Security Summit 21 September 2022 - 02:19 The situation on the frontline clearly indicates that the initiative belongs to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 September 2022 - 00:29 Andriy Yermak and Members of the US House of Representatives Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence discussed further support for Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation 20 September 2022 - 23:42 In order to defeat the aggressor, it is very important that the US remain a leader in supporting Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during The Clinton Global Initiative 20 September 2022 - 23:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Events on Rescuer Day with the participation of the President 16 September 2022 - 16:14 Go to all galleries Home News Current events In order to defeat the aggressor, it is very important that the US remain a leader in supporting Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during The Clinton Global Initiative 20 September 2022 - 23:05 The leadership of the United States of America in supporting Ukraine in the fight against the Russian aggressor will contribute to the further strengthening of the defense capabilities of the Ukrainian army and victory. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his online participation in the meeting of The Clinton Global Initiative (CGI), a separate panel of which was devoted to Ukraine. During a conversation with the 42nd US President Bill Clinton, Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the United States of America is an indicator of democracy for the entire civilized world, to which other countries are compared. Therefore, it is important that they remain leaders in supporting Ukraine and exerting pressure on Russia. "When the US gives Ukraine artillery, then other countries support us and also provide it. When the US designates (the country - ed.) a sponsor of terrorism, the democracies of Europe will also support this initiative. Therefore, when you ask me how the United States can help, it is to be a leader," the Head of State said. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that the world and, in particular, the US, has already done a lot to support Ukraine and strengthen our army, which resulted in the de-occupation of a number of Ukrainian territories. "Our troops have internal resilience - it is their love and respect for their homeland, for Ukraine. But on the battlefield, hands and eyes are not enough. Weapons are also very important. And here I want to thank both President Biden and the US Congress for the bipartisan support of Ukraine," he said. The Head of State also called on the US to encourage other democratic countries to provide more assistance to Ukraine, in particular to provide the necessary weapons. "They have the artillery we need, the appropriate weapons. And here, politically, the United States could put pressure," Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted and added that this issue was repeatedly discussed with congressmen, senators, as well as at the level of presidents. He expressed his belief that in the issue of fighting the aggressor, one cannot stand aside and not express a position clearly. "You cannot balance between good and evil, light and darkness. You have to choose a side. Every subject, every state is open, free. So they can choose a side, but they can't be in the middle," said the President and emphasized that Ukraine is fighting precisely for values - for freedom. The Head of State noted that the US and the world community should force Russia to sit down at the negotiating table after its troops leave the territory of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized the importance of preserving the unity of the free world in matters of sanction pressure on the aggressor. This especially applies to those countries where there is Russian lobbying. "It is very important not to lose a united Europe, and then the combined volume of these sanctions will definitely hit both Russia's military-industrial complex and the economy. And they will definitely feel it. But the main thing is that it should be felt not by the leaders of the Russian Federation, but by their society. And society feels it when citizens' wallets are affected, when their rights and freedoms are restricted. And here it is very important to introduce visa restrictions for the Russian Federation. Russian society will know that it must also bear responsibility for this war. Because they elected these leaders. And they should feel the tangible price of this war," the President said. According to the Head of State, the most important sanction measure that must be applied to Russia is to designate it a state – sponsor of terrorism. He also reminded that the Ukrainian side recently presented recommendations on security guarantees for Ukraine prepared by the international working group led by Andriy Yermak and former NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. These recommendations should become the basis of the future compact on security guarantees for Ukraine, which, according to the President, could be an example of security for all states that are not members of NATO. Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke in favor of such partners as the United States, Great Britain and EU countries joining the circle of guarantors of the security of our state. "I think it is very important that the USA become the first country to sign these security guarantees with the Ukrainian side," he summarized. Established in 2005 by President Bill Clinton, the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) convenes global leaders to create and implement solutions to the world’s most pressing challenges. This September, CGI will convene alongside the United Nations General Assembly. During this meeting, more than 1,000 attendees will come together to drive action on climate change, inclusive economic growth, health equity, the refugee crisis, and more. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine