9 captures 11 Oct 2020 - 11 Dec 2025 Jun JUL Aug 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220706195006/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/ponad-670-mln-grn-vzhe-nadijshli-v-medzakladi-dlya-viplati-l-64269 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:37 View all videos n latest news Ukraine expects to receive air defense systems from partners to protect the sky - Head of State 6 July 2022 - 18:24 President of Ukraine met with the Prime Minister of Ireland, whose visit to our country is the first since independence 6 July 2022 - 18:01 The maximum task for our state is to provide Ukrainians with basic protection against missile strikes already this year - address by the President of Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 21:35 President: Democracy and freedom will be protected as long as Europe and the world can support Ukraine 5 July 2022 - 13:25 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Prime Minister of Ireland 6 July 2022 - 16:24 Go to all galleries Home News Current events More than UAH 670 million has already been received by medical institutions to pay doctors a higher salary for September - a conference call chaired by the President 5 October 2020 - 13:15 Half of medical institutions have already received funds to pay higher salaries to doctors in September this year. In total, it is over UAH 670 million. This was stated by Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal at a conference call chaired by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. 80% of hospitals have already signed contracts with the National Health Service, and the process of concluding agreements with other medical institutions is underway. The President was also informed that restrictive measures in the regions yield positive results. Thus, in the cities located in the "red" zones, the dynamics of the incidence of coronavirus infection decreases. Volodymyr Zelenskyy raised the issue of oxygen supply to the beds of patients with coronavirus. “As of the two last conference calls, the oxygen supply for beds of patients with COVID-19 was 40.7%, and our goal is more than 80%. The issues we have to resolve within days are resolved within weeks. And we need to speed it up. The high workload of laboratories is also among the issues," the Head of State stressed. Officials have told the President that the necessary documents are ready and the government plans to approve them on Friday. "I know that the National Academy of Medical Sciences has decided to allocate 500 beds for hospitalization of COVID-19 patients in seven research institutions in Kyiv. This is important information, and the government must actively cooperate so that this aid is not lost," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. The President also heard the report on the firefighting in the Luhansk region. Mykola Chechotkin, Head of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine, noted that the situation with the elimination of fires was deteriorating due to unfavorable weather conditions, mines and the impossibility of using aircraft due to bad weather. However, the firefighters managed to prevent the destruction of ammunition depots by fire. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Ruslan Khomchak reported in detail on the situation on the frontline and noted that the 71st day of the full and comprehensive ceasefire, which the parties generally adhere to, is underway in Donbas. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine