1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004030954/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=29 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Head of State met with IAEA Director General 13 June 2023 - 20:20 Volodymyr Zelenskyy positively noted the presence of the Agency's inspectors at the ZNPP, illegally occupied by Russia, and welcomed Rafael Grossi's intention to personally visit the plant to assess the situation on the ground. President discussed possible scenarios of establishing a special international tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine 13 June 2023 - 19:06 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the creation of a special international tribunal to try the Russian military and political leadership for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. President of Ukraine meets with Minister of Climate Change and Environment of the United Arab Emirates, Head of the Office of International Affairs under the President of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 09:36 The President drew the Minister's attention to the consequences of environmental crimes committed by Russia during its full-scale invasion of Ukraine and emphasized the need to prosecute the aggressor for the crime of ecocide and to compensate for the damage caused. Defense forces conducting counteroffensive actions on the front line, we trust our military – President of Ukraine 10 June 2023 - 18:49 "Appropriate counteroffensive and defensive actions are taking place in Ukraine. I will not say in detail at what stage they are. I believe we will certainly feel all this," the Head of State said. Joint Declaration by Ukraine and Canada 10 June 2023 - 15:21 At their meeting in Kyiv on 10 June 2023, the President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Canada adopted the following declaration. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands 9 June 2023 - 17:05 The President informed Mark Rutte of the situation in the regions of Ukraine affected by the Russian act of terrorism at the dam of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station. In addition, Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the current situation on the frontline and Ukraine's current defense needs. Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with the Prime Minister of Japan 9 June 2023 - 11:29 The President informed the Prime Minister of Japan about the consequences of Russia blowing up the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant and his visit to the southern regions of Ukraine that ended up in the disaster zone. President held a meeting on water supply of Dnipropetrovsk region in Kryvyi Rih 8 June 2023 - 23:06 Deputy Prime Minister for Restoration of Ukraine - Minister for Communities, Territories and Infrastructure Development of Ukraine Oleksandr Kubrakov informed about the projects of construction of the following water pipelines: Karachunivka reservoir - Kryvyi Rih - Pivdenne reservoir, Marhanets - Nikopol and Khortytsia - Tomakivka. Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video call with representatives of the global environmental protection community in Kryvyi Rih and invited them to join the international working group on countering Russia's environmental crimes 8 June 2023 - 22:58 The meeting was joined by more than 60 world political and public figures. In Mykolaiv region, the President was briefed on the progress of liquidation of the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka HPP dam 8 June 2023 - 15:14 During a working visit to Mykolaiv region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy inspected the condition of the main pumping station of the Inhulets River Canal Management, which was flooded due to the blasting of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant dam. 1 2 ... 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine