13 captures 16 Jul 2023 - 29 Apr 2025 Jun JUL Aug 16 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230716000053/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mi-ne-mozhemo-zalishiti-zhodnogo-mista-j-sela-v-rosijskij-ok-84357 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We cannot leave any city and village under Russian occupation, where violence and humiliation of people reign – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2023 - 16:41 View all videos n latest news We cannot leave any city and village under Russian occupation, where violence and humiliation of people reign – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2023 - 16:39 Presidents and first ladies of Ukraine and the Republic of Korea visit St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv 15 July 2023 - 16:33 Cooperation between Ukraine and the Republic of Korea will give more strength to our nations and the global positions of the two countries – Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with Yoon Suk Yeol in Kyiv 15 July 2023 - 16:20 Andriy Yermak told Ukrainian and foreign journalists about the results of the President's recent foreign visits and the NATO Summit in Vilnius 14 July 2023 - 23:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Lithuania 11 July 2023 - 19:38 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches We cannot leave any city and village under Russian occupation, where violence and humiliation of people reign – address of President of Ukraine 15 July 2023 - 16:39 Dear Ukrainians, I wish you good health! Today, the President and First Lady of the Republic of Korea are visiting our country. A very important visit, a very important direction of our international work. And this is the first visit of the President of the Republic of Korea to Ukraine for the entire period of relations between our states. Now, when the speed of ending the war directly depends on global support for Ukraine, we are doing everything possible to ensure that such support is as intensive and meaningful as possible. In 15 days of July, we've already held negotiations, meetings, events with the leaders of the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Türkiye, the Czech Republic, and Poland. Also Slovakia, Bulgaria, Lithuania, Sweden, Portugal, Spain and Canada, Australia and New Zealand, the Republic of South Africa, Guinea-Bissau. NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg, President of the European Council Michel, President of the European Commission von der Leyen, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew. The address to the student community in Argentina, talks with the largest and most promising American investors and company executives. Today, very meaningfully, Mr. President of the Republic of Korea. And we will maintain the highest tempo of international work at all levels to restore peace for all our land and all our people. One of the most terrible things that war brings is separation... We cannot leave any of our people, any towns and villages under Russian occupation. Wherever the Russian occupation continues, violence and humiliation of people reign. I am grateful to all our partners – every leader, every politician, public figure, every country who really supports us in the fact that only the complete liberation of our entire Ukrainian territory will allow the full force of the international rules-based order to be restored. And of course, my thank you to all our warriors. Those weeks on the front lines were very important. Marines of the 35th and 36th separate brigades. Gunners of the 55th separate brigade Zaporizka Sich. The Magura 47th separate mechanized brigade. Paratroopers of the 79th brigade. The third separate assault brigade. The fifth separate assault brigade. The 80th separate brigade of the airborne assault troops. The 57th separate motorized infantry brigade. I thank all of you! All of you guys, you are great! All those who bravely, firmly, and strongly fight for the sake of Ukraine! Ukraine will prevail for sure! Glory to you, warriors! Glory to all who fight and work for Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine