2 captures 06 Feb 2024 - 03 Aug 2025 Jan FEB Mar 06 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Internet Archive These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved. Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors. The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. Collection: Wordpress Blogs and the Pages They Link To This is a collection of pages and embedded objects from WordPress blogs and the external pages they link to. Captures of these pages are made on a continuous basis seeded from a feed of new or changed pages hosted by Wordpress.com or by Wordpress pages hosted by sites running a properly configured Jetpack wordpress plugin. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240206125417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/chorne-more-bude-bezpechnim-dlya-sudnoplavstva-yak-ce-peredb-88797 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We discussed the enhancement of the veterans' policy with the Prime Minister; Ukraine needs strength, fresh energy and leadership – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 February 2024 - 20:20 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The Black Sea will be safe for navigation, as envisaged by the Ukrainian Peace Formula 5 February 2024 - 22:12 In Cherkasy region, Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in a regional meeting of members of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine 5 February 2024 - 21:56 Ukraine held the third round of negotiations with the Netherlands on the conclusion of a bilateral agreement on security commitments 5 February 2024 - 21:21 We discussed the enhancement of the veterans' policy with the Prime Minister; Ukraine needs strength, fresh energy and leadership – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 February 2024 - 20:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The Black Sea will be safe for navigation, as envisaged by the Ukrainian Peace Formula 5 February 2024 - 22:12 One of the tangible results of the implementation of the Ukrainian Peace Formula will be free and safe navigation in the Black Sea, and its waters will be liberated from Russian armed aggression. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Cherkasy region during a regional meeting of the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities under the President of Ukraine. "We have, for example, the Peace Formula. We will ensure the first summit at the level of leaders. And we want to come up with a result, in particular, a free and secure Black Sea. Exactly as envisaged by the Peace Formula. Everyone will be able to enter the Black Sea: vessels of any size. There will be free navigation," the Head of State said. The President reminded that last year Ukraine had pushed Russian ships out of the Black Sea shipping lanes and demonstrated that export corridors work without Russian influence and there is no need to look for other ways and ports to export food. As a reminder, paragraph 2 of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula "Food Security" states that the matter of food security shall be de-weaponized. In particular, it is necessary to ensure free, full and safe navigation in the Black and Azov Seas, restore sovereign control of Ukraine over Ukrainian ports, establish new ports and expand the assortment of Ukrainian goods transported by sea. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk, Kirovohrad and Cherkasy regions 4 February 2024 - 14:03 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine