1 capture 26 Sep 2024 Aug SEP Oct 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240926211236/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=25-09-2023&date-to=25-09-2024&page=84 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos There Can Be No Just Peace Without Ukraine - Speech of the President at the UN General Assembly 25 September 2024 - 18:48 View all videos n latest news Statement by the President of Ukraine Before Meeting with the President of the United States 26 September 2024 - 22:57 President of Ukraine Briefed Members of the U.S. House of Representatives on the Victory Plan 26 September 2024 - 22:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy Briefed U.S. Senate Members on the Victory Plan 26 September 2024 - 20:43 More than 30 Countries and the EU Adopted a Joint Declaration of Support for Recovery and Reconstruction of Ukraine 26 September 2024 - 02:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine to the U.S. 23 September 2024 - 01:58 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Ukraine's resilience is the future resilience of Europe – Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a conversation with EU Foreign Ministers 2 October 2023 - 16:15 As part of his participation in the offsite meeting of the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with the heads of foreign ministries the topical issues of support for our country during the war, integration into the EU, implementation of the Peace Formula and the establishment of an international tribunal to punish the crime of Russian aggression against Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers’ meeting in Kyiv 2 October 2023 - 15:15 In his speech, the Head of State noted that today's offsite meeting of the EU Foreign Ministers is not only a significant manifestation of solidarity with Ukraine, but also a new step towards strengthening Europe, adding to its leadership and initiative. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President presented state awards and took part in the oath taking by military lyceum students 1 October 2023 - 14:38 "Today, on a special day, we have a special mission. A mission of gratitude. A mission of loyalty. The ceremony of presenting state awards of Ukraine to those who distinguished themselves in its defense. And the solemn oath of our military lyceum students, who have yet to gain the respect of the Ukrainian people. Respect that has to be earned. But it will be absolute when you earn it with dignity," the Head of State said. We must turn every opportunity into bringing our victory closer – and victory will come – Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 1 October 2023 - 13:17 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, which is celebrated in our country on October 1 from now on. On the Day of Defenders of Ukraine, the President honored the memory of warriors perished for the homeland 1 October 2023 - 11:45 The Head of State laid flowers to the Wall of Remembrance of the Fallen Defenders of Ukraine on Mykhailivska Square in Kyiv. President of Ukraine meets with Defense Minister of Slovakia 30 September 2023 - 10:50 The President noted the high level of the defense industry of Slovakia, which is of great interest for Ukraine. Now is the right time to create a military hub in Ukraine - President at the meeting with representatives of international defense companies 30 September 2023 - 10:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of defense companies from the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Türkiye, Sweden and the Czech Republic who arrived in Kyiv to participate in the First International Defense Industries Forum. The principled stance of a warrior is an extension of the principles instilled by their family and teacher – President of Ukraine on the eve of Educators' Day 29 September 2023 - 17:12 On the occasion of the upcoming Educators' Day, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to educators and also awarded certificates for the President's Prize to the winners of international student Olympiads and their mentors. Head of State holds meeting with EBRD President 29 September 2023 - 15:49 Ukraine is interested in continuing cooperation with the EBRD, particularly in the areas of energy security, trade financing, support for critical infrastructure and municipalities, food security, the corporate sector, and more. President of Ukraine pays tribute to memory of Babyn Yar victims 29 September 2023 - 11:58 On the 82nd anniversary of the Babyn Yar tragedy, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy honored the memory of the victims of Nazi mass shootings of civilians in occupied Kyiv during World War II. 1 2 ... 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine