5 captures 08 May 2021 - 17 Apr 2025 Oct NOV Dec 30 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231130214440/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/dotaciyi-dlya-mironivskogo-hliboproduktu-zlovzhivannya-v-obo-56509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 View all videos n latest news In Zaporizhzhia, President held a meeting on fortifications 30 November 2023 - 21:37 We discussed mobilizing resources for fortification works: the priority is clear – address by the President of Ukraine 30 November 2023 - 20:58 President visited metro school in Kharkiv and talked to pupils 30 November 2023 - 16:48 First Lady of Ukraine is included in the list of the 25 most influential women in the world according to the Financial Times 30 November 2023 - 16:07 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Kharkiv and Zaporizhzhia region 30 November 2023 - 13:09 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Grants for “Myronivsky Hliboproduct”, abuse in defense sector and suspension of Head of the State Service of Ukraine for Transport Safety: the President demands from the authorized bodies to react rigorously and immediately to corruption 18 July 2019 - 12:48 New materials on deals in the defense sector were transferred to law enforcement agencies. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting of the National Anticorruption Policy Council. "You have heard a story about corruption in the state concern "Ukroboronprom". We handed over to another law enforcement agency (materials - Ed.) about another corruption scheme in the field of defense industry," he said. "As it turned out, special exporters have transferred almost $ 30 million to the accounts of offshore companies for supposedly services rendered only under a few dubious contracts during five years of activity of the previous government", the President said about the details and reminded that these offshore funds are taxpayers’ money. The President mentioned that UAH 2.5 billion of grands were allocated from the state budget to one of the largest agricultural holdings in Ukraine "Myronivsky Hliboprodukt" during 2017-2018. " In fact, it does not need government support, because it has profits. And you know that. It pays huge dividends to his shareholders every year ", the President said. "I would like to appeal to our law enforcement, anticorruption authorities: let’s check if we have such information, the amount of this budget aid and the amount of dividends. And compare. Maybe we will get the same figures ", the Head of State added. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also mentioned the issue of the State Service of Ukraine for Transport Safety and corruption in the road sector. "Ukraine spends UAH 4 billion on roads every year but there are no roads. They are getting worse and worse. It is because of the lack of proper control, non- observance of the established norms of the weight of vehicles and charges from the employees of this civil service ", he said. The President said that Head of the State Service of Ukraine for Transport Safety Mykhailo Nonyak was suspended from his duties for significant disadvantages in the work on July 17. The Head of State expressed the opinion that the top officials are standing for such deals, so this should be the appropriate reaction. "There must be a rigorous and immediate response from our anticorruption authorities," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine