1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033119/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=78 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Olena Zelenska met with Ursula von der Leyen 9 May 2023 - 20:31 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen to discuss the psychological rehabilitation of Ukrainian children. The head of the European Commission arrived in Kyiv on May 9, when, according to a presidential decree, Ukraine celebrates Europe Day for the first time. Joint statement on efforts to establish a tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine 9 May 2023 - 18:44 We support exploring the creation of a tribunal to ensure effective accountability for the crime of aggression against Ukraine. The aggressor's accountability for the crime must be inevitable – President's speech at the online summit of Core Group leaders on the establishment of the Special Tribunal for the crime of aggression against Ukraine 9 May 2023 - 17:33 I am pleased to announce that our joint group working to punish the aggressor - our Core Group - already includes thirty-seven states. And this number will continue to grow. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russia intensified air attacks on Ukraine because it failed to capture Bakhmut by May 9 9 May 2023 - 15:57 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is convinced that the increase in the intensity of attacks with missiles and Shaheds by the aggressor state is due to the fact that the enemy failed to demonstrate to its society significant victories by May 9, including the capture of the city of Bakhmut. It's time for a positive decision on negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU - President following the meeting with the President of the European Commission in Kyiv 9 May 2023 - 15:47 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks in Kyiv with President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen, who is on a visit to our country. Ukrainians' success in defense against Russian aggression is an antidote to other aggressions – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 May 2023 - 21:39 The world needs to see that a free nation is capable of defending freedom from invaders. If we can do it, then others can do it. If they act as boldly, as accurately, and in the same unity with other free nations. President held a regular meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 8 May 2023 - 12:29 The parties heard information about the consequences of recent air attacks by Russian troops and how to overcome them, and discussed opportunities to enhance the protection of the population and civilian and critical infrastructure. The address of the President of Ukraine on the occasion of the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in the Second World War of 1939-1945 8 May 2023 - 09:00 Remembering the heroism of millions of Ukrainians in that war against Nazism, we see the same heroism in the actions of our soldiers now – the descendants of those who secured the victory – the surrender of Nazism that day, on May 8, 1945. And we are proud of the heroism of the Ukrainian people! Then and now. All those who help Ukraine restore security, who put pressure on Russia – all are defenders of peace – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 May 2023 - 20:22 Security is the main goal for Russia. Both in our country and everywhere in Europe, everywhere in the free world. Destroying security, bringing death and chaos is all a terrorist state does. Andriy Yermak discusses help in returning Ukrainian children deported by Russia with United24 ambassadors, famous actors, film directors 7 May 2023 - 12:29 In particular, meetings with the French film director, Michel Hazanavicius, the American actress from Ukraine, Ivanna Sakhno, the Canadian actress, Katheryn Winnick, the American actor, director and producer, Liev Schreiber, and the British documentary film-maker, André Singer, were held. 1 2 ... 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine