1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224072105/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=45 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine: We are initiating consultations with the European Commission and the German government on energy security 22 August 2021 - 17:22 Ukraine is initiating consultations with the European Commission and the German government to develop a mechanism that will ensure the energy security of the Ukrainian state. This was announced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a statement to the media following talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Kyiv. Ukraine will build the naval fleet to unblock the Black Sea-Azov region - Head of State 22 August 2021 - 16:58 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasizes that Ukraine will revive and strengthen its naval fleet to unblock and make the Black Sea and Azov regions safer. He said this in a statement to the media following a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Kyiv. Ukraine, Germany and France should have a consolidated position on Donbas peace plan: President 22 August 2021 - 16:32 Ukraine is counting on Germany, which it considers a key ally in Europe, in the issue of a peaceful settlement in Donbas and the restoration of sovereignty and territorial integrity. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in his statement for the media following the meeting with Federal Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel in Kyiv. Meeting of Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel began in Kyiv 22 August 2021 - 13:19 After the talks between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Angela Merkel in a vis-a-vis format, the meeting with media representatives and continuation of negotiations in an expanded format is planned. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew who is on a visit to Ukraine 21 August 2021 - 00:31 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, who arrived in Ukraine at the invitation of the Head of State on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of independence. Ukraine will do everything possible to take its citizens out of Afghanistan, Volodymyr Zelenskyy controls it personally - Press Secretary of the Head of State 20 August 2021 - 18:47 Ukraine was one of the first to evacuate its citizens and nationals of other countries at risk from Afghanistan. This was emphasized by the President's Press Secretary Serhiy Nykyforov at the briefing. It is more convenient for Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joseph Biden to meet on August 31 - Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine 20 August 2021 - 18:33 The Ukrainian and American parties agreed that it would be more convenient for President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and US President Joseph Biden to meet on August 31. This was announced by Press Secretary of the President of Ukraine Serhiy Nykyforov at a briefing at the President’s Office on Friday. President received credentials from the Ambassadors of Ireland, Nigeria, Korea and Armenia 19 August 2021 - 21:17 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from the Ambassadors of Ireland, the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Republic of Korea and the Republic of Armenia. In recent years, Ukraine has created an anticorruption infrastructure that has no analogues in Europe - President 19 August 2021 - 20:46 No country in the world is completely free of corruption, so this criterion cannot be the main one in the context of resolving the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in an interview with journalists from the countries of the Normandy Four and the United States - Washington Post, Liberation, Funke Media, "Novoe Vremya" and "Novaya Gazeta". As Nord Stream 2 is not launched yet, Ukraine is actively negotiating to protect its interests - Head of State 19 August 2021 - 20:34 Ukraine must use the time needed to launch the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline to protect its interests and energy security. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy said this in an interview with journalists from the countries of the Normandy Four and the United States - Washington Post, Liberation, Funke Media, "Novoe Vremya" and "Novaya Gazeta". 1 2 ... 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine