4 captures 13 Dec 2024 - 09 Jul 2025 Nov DEC Jan 13 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20241213131223/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=31-10-2023&date-to=31-10-2024&page=9 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Must Make Every Effort to Ensure That Each Day Brings Us Closer to Peace – Address by the President 12 December 2024 - 17:16 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working Trip of the President of Ukraine to the Zaporizhzhia Region 12 December 2024 - 15:14 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The Victory Plan, Funds from Frozen Russian Assets and Sanctions Against the Russian Federation: Results of the Meeting between Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Charles Michel 17 October 2024 - 14:17 In Brussels, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel. Preparations for the Second Peace Summit and Implementation of Bilateral Agreement: Office of the President Hosted a Meeting with the Policy Director of the Department of Foreign Affairs of Ireland 17 October 2024 - 14:03 Deputy Head of the Office of the President Ihor Zhovkva met with Policy Director of the Department of Foreign Affairs of Ireland Gerard Keown. The meeting was a continuation of the dialogue between President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Taoiseach of Ireland Simon Harris. Volodymyr Zelenskyy Presented the Victory Plan to the Members of the European Council 17 October 2024 - 14:02 He thanked all EU leaders and their countries for their support and unity. Ukraine Is Ready for Real Diplomacy; but for It, We Must Be Strong – Speech by the President at the Meeting of the European Council 17 October 2024 - 13:38 In November we will come up with a full-fledged document based on the Peace Formula, all the ten points, and we’ll share it for all including Russians at the Peace Summit. Olena Zelenska Met with the Minister of Education and Research of Estonia in Kyiv 17 October 2024 - 11:06 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska met with Minister of Education and Research of Estonia Kristina Kallas in Kyiv. All European Leaders Will Hear How Our Positions Must Be Strengthened – Address by the President 17 October 2024 - 09:28 We are about to have very active weeks working with our partners. Together with them, we have the strength to achieve a just peace. The President of Ukraine Had a Phone Conversation with the President of the United States 16 October 2024 - 20:36 Special attention was paid to increasing defense cooperation in the coming months, additional training for Ukrainian warriors and strengthening sanctions against Russia. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the United States' commitment to significantly bolster Ukrainian positions. President Urged Ukrainians to Unite Around a Common Goal – Ukraine's Victory 16 October 2024 - 14:31 “We are not at war with each other. We are at war with Russia. This is our enemy. We are at war with them on the battlefield, in international relations, in the economy, in the information sphere and in people's hearts. They are the enemy. There are no enemies in Ukraine,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Victory Plan Consists of Five Points and Three Secret Annexes 16 October 2024 - 14:25 The Victory Plan consists of five points – geopolitical, two military, economic, and security-related – and three secret annexes. President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the content of the Victory Plan during his address to the Verkhovna Rada. President of Ukraine Presents Victory Plan to MPs and Ukrainian Society 16 October 2024 - 13:35 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented the Victory Plan to MPs and Ukrainian society in the Verkhovna Rada and held a meeting with the heads of parliamentary factions. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine