10 captures 04 May 2022 - 12 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 04 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220504015942/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-obgovoriv-z-amerikanskim-pidpriyemcem-kimbalom-74741 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Striking at Ukrainian cities, Russia is trying to vent its powerlessness, because it cannot beat Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 May 2022 - 23:57 View all videos n latest news Striking at Ukrainian cities, Russia is trying to vent its powerlessness, because it cannot beat Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 May 2022 - 23:56 Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Andrzej Duda 3 May 2022 - 20:53 Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Parliament of Albania 3 May 2022 - 16:03 Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Kimbal Musk support for Ukraine during the war 3 May 2022 - 15:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Speech by the President of Ukraine in the Verkhovna Rada 3 May 2022 - 14:04 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak discussed with American businessman Kimbal Musk support for Ukraine during the war 3 May 2022 - 15:23 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a video conference with American businessman, member of the Board of Directors of Tesla and SpaceX Kimbal Musk. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov. On behalf of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and all Ukrainians, Andriy Yermak thanked Kimbal Musk and his brother, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, for supporting our country during the difficult times of the war. "We highly appreciate this real support for Ukraine during this terrible war with Russia. We are grateful for the high-speed Internet thanks to Starlink (terminals - ed.), which we received from you. Very grateful! Everyone knows what a great role you have played in this assistance," said the Head of the President's Office. Kimbal Musk stressed that it is a great honor for him to help our country, because today Ukraine is fighting for democracy against tyranny. "We are with you. Thank you for fighting so bravely," he said. Andriy Yermak informed the American businessman about the situation in Ukraine. He said that currently the largest number of troops is concentrated in the southern and eastern regions of our country. The Head of the President's Office also reminded of the catastrophic situation in Mariupol, which is blocked by the Russian military, and told about the process of evacuation of the city's residents. He also noted the importance of assistance provided to Ukraine by partner countries during the war. Andriy Yermak invited Kimbal Musk to visit Ukraine at a time convenient for him. The Head of the President's Office noted that the American businessman may be interested in projects developed by talented Ukrainian IT specialists. "I'm sure you will really like the capital of Ukraine, and we will be able to talk in detail about possible joint projects," said Andriy Yermak. During the meeting, projects and areas of cooperation that could involve Kimbal Musk’s company and American business in general were discussed. The Head of the Office of the President informed the interlocutor about the project of post-war reconstruction of Ukraine, in particular about the initiative of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to involve partner countries in the reconstruction of settlements affected by the war. Deputy Prime Minister - Minister of Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov thanked Kimbal Musk and SpaceX for providing Ukraine with Starlink terminals. "I know that you help us a lot in this direction, support us and work with companies for them to be in Ukraine. Thank you for that. It is important for us that you and your family support Ukraine," Mykhailo Fedorov said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine