6 captures 19 Oct 2022 - 09 Oct 2024 Sep OCT Nov 19 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221019153417/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-na-zhal-mi-ne-pobachili-gotovnosti-mkchh-zrobi-78545 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No matter what the enemy plans and does, Ukraine will defend itself - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2022 - 22:09 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy holds meeting devoted to energy supply security 19 October 2022 - 16:15 Oleksandr Usyk joined the United24 fundraising platform 18 October 2022 - 23:05 Roman Mashovets informed the Estonian Foreign Ministry delegation about the current situation in the Russian-Ukrainian war 18 October 2022 - 22:25 No matter what the enemy plans and does, Ukraine will defend itself - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 October 2022 - 22:16 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of Defenders of Ukraine 14 October 2022 - 10:38 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak: Unfortunately, we did not see the willingness of the ICRC to do everything possible to protect Ukrainian prisoners 18 October 2022 - 15:55 The shocking scale of war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocidal crimes committed by the Russian Federation against Ukrainian prisoners of war require at least a clear position and determination from all organizations that take care of compliance with the norms and requirements of international humanitarian law. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak based on the results of the Ukrainian delegation's trip to the touch line in the Zaporizhzhia region, which was not attended by representatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). Last week, during a video call with President of the Red Cross Mirjana Egger, Andriy Yermak called on representatives of the ICRC to visit the touch line together with the Ukrainian delegation and demand that the organization's mission be allowed into the temporarily occupied territory to check the condition of Ukrainian prisoners in Olenivka. On Monday, Human Rights Commissioner of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Dmytro Lubinets, Advisor to the Head of the Office of the President Daria Zarivna and people's deputies Maria Mezentseva, Yehor Cherniev, Denys Maslov and Olena Khomenko arrived at the touch line in the Zaporizhzhia region on Monday. However, as Daria Zarivna reported at a briefing in Zaporizhzhia, ICRC representatives did not join the Ukrainian delegation on this trip. "As Andriy Yermak said in this regard, war is a test for both people and international organizations. Unfortunately, the Red Cross not only tolerates Russian violations of all norms of international law, but also does it silently," she emphasized, quoting the Head of the President's Office. Dmytro Lubinets noted that representatives of the ICRC, despite their commitments, have not yet visited the colony in Olenivka, where, in particular, defenders of "Azovstal" are kept. "Unfortunately, during every exchange, we see that the inaction of the ICRC has led to the fact that our prisoners of war and civilian hostages are tortured daily with hunger, electricity, because the Russians know that the International Committee of the Red Cross will not come, will not demand access to the places of detention of prisoners of war and civilians, and that in general it demonstrates inaction," the ombudsman said. He stated that the ICRC does not fulfill its mandate, which provides for the visit to military and civilian hostages both in the temporarily occupied territories and in the territory of the Russian Federation, justifying this by the lack of permission from the Russian side. In this context, Andriy Yermak emphasized: “Ukraine expects and demands from the International Committee of the Red Cross due determination in obtaining access to Ukrainian prisoners in Olenivka. After all, the organization was created precisely for such tasks.” "We are aware that the main obstacle to the arrival of the ICRC mission to the place of forced detention of Ukrainians in Olenivka is primarily Russia's destructive and cynical position. At the same time, unfortunately, we do not see that the ICRC is working to protect our prisoners. Ukrainian society does not see this. Relatives of the defenders do not see this," the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine emphasized. As Andriy Yermak noted, the Ukrainian side has every reason to expect decisive proactive actions by the ICRC in implementing its humanitarian mandate, as well as a clear public position and communication of all its actions aimed at overcoming the most acute humanitarian challenge in Europe. The Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine also called on other international organizations and humanitarian actors to take active steps, as their direct human rights mandate should not allow them to stand aside and passively observe how Russia continues to commit the most brutal crimes of our time. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine