21 captures 28 Jul 2022 - 14 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 28 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220728212048/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-zustrich-z-prezidentom-litvi-u-kiyevi-76733 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos No one in the world invests in terrorism more than Russia, and this requires a legal response - address by the President of Ukraine 28 July 2022 - 23:26 View all videos n latest news No one in the world invests in terrorism more than Russia, and this requires a legal response - address by the President of Ukraine 28 July 2022 - 23:22 On the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, the President awarded the "Cross of Combat Merit" to the defenders of Ukraine 28 July 2022 - 22:10 Sanctions against Russia are effective, but even tougher steps are needed in this direction - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 July 2022 - 20:17 The passport of a citizen of Ukraine symbolizes strength - President handed out the first passports to young Ukrainians 28 July 2022 - 19:19 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a meeting with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 18:47 On the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, who is on a visit to our country. Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized that Gitanas Nausėda made a lot of efforts to protect European values and showed historical leadership in the defense of freedom on the eastern borders of Europe. "A worthy representative of the great Lithuanian people, whom our children and grandchildren both in Ukraine and in Lithuania, I am sure, will recall in history lessons," said the Ukrainian Head of State during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelenskyy reminded that Lithuania was one of the first to provide Ukraine with significant defense support during the full-scale invasion of Russia. "I have already told this more than once and I am proud to repeat that Ukraine received the first Stingers from our Lithuanian friends," he said. The leaders discussed issues of security, defense and further protection of common interests of the two countries. The Head of State noted that today the Russian occupiers increased the intensity of missile attacks on Ukraine. "Against such a background, it was especially important for me to hear assurances from President Nausėda that defense assistance for the needs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine will be further provided," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The President stressed that Ukraine and Lithuania will continue cooperation to speed up the European integration of our country. "All key elements of our negotiations, individual agreements that were reached, were recorded in a joint statement. This document will be made public soon," said the Head of State. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Gitanas Nausėda and First Lady of the Republic of Lithuania Diana Nausėdienė for their help to forcibly displaced Ukrainians. "At the initiative of the first ladies of our countries, the first Ukrainian center on the territory of the European Union was recently opened in Vilnius for the citizens who were forced to leave our country due to the Russian war," the President noted. The Ukrainian President emphasized that such humanitarian initiatives, along with another assistance that Ukraine received from Lithuania, testify to the closeness of our nations and prove the readiness to give a joint response to existing challenges for both countries. President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda, for his part, said that on the Day of Ukrainian Statehood, he wishes Ukraine victory, which will surely happen, because Ukrainians deserve it. The President of the Republic of Lithuania thanked the President of Ukraine and all Ukrainians who are heroically resisting Russian aggression and are an example for everyone in Europe in protecting freedom. "Lithuania has always been and will always be with you, because the freedom and independence of your state, its territorial integrity and the safety of your people are extremely important to us," Gitanas Nausėda said. According to him, Lithuania is one of the main allies of Ukraine, which provides financial, political and military assistance. "I didn't come empty-handed today either. The new aid package is ammunition and ten armored vehicles. Soon we will present anti-drone systems, which are manufactured in Lithuania and which I know you need," said the President of the Republic of Lithuania. He emphasized that Lithuania has united in helping Ukraine and will not allow anyone in the West to either forget about this cruel war or get tired of it. Gitanas Nausėda noted that all those who committed war crimes on the territory of Ukraine must be punished. The leader of Lithuania also highly evaluated the effectiveness of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's team, which is shown in the difficult conditions of war. This is evidenced by Ukraine's obtaining a candidate status for EU membership and implementation of reforms. "The key thing now is not to stop and move forward," noted Gitanas Nausėda and added that Lithuania will help Ukraine on its way to the EU. ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 ph Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania in Kyiv 28 July 2022 - 14:57 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine