1 capture 30 Sep 2022 Aug SEP Oct 30 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Save Page Now Outlinks TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220930181921/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=30-09-2021&date-to=30-09-2022&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos When we oust Russia, normal life will return to Ukrainian land – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 29 September 2022 - 22:09 View all videos pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 30 September 2022 - 15:33 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 22 September 2022 - 19:53 The heads of the defense forces and the commanders of the operational areas reported on the operational situation in the areas of the front. The likely nature of the enemy's actions in the near future was considered. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Minister of Defense of Italy 22 September 2022 - 19:22 Volodymyr Zelenskyy informed the interlocutor about the state of affairs at the front and emphasized that strengthening the Armed Forces is a vital priority for Ukraine today. First Lady in New York talked about the situation of Ukrainian women during the war 22 September 2022 - 14:37 During her visit to New York, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska took part in the HeForShe global summit and the Women in Conflict forum within the 77th session of the UN General Assembly. The President's wife spoke about the situation of Ukrainian women in wartime conditions. Speech by the President of Ukraine at the General Debate of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 22 September 2022 - 02:12 I will present a formula that can work not only for us, but for anyone who may find themselves in similar circumstances as we did. It is a formula that punishes crime, protects life, restores security and territorial integrity, guarantees security, and provides determination. Today we have 215 pieces of good news – we bring our people home – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 22 September 2022 - 01:49 We remember all our people and try to save every Ukrainian. This is the meaning of Ukraine, our essence, this is what distinguishes us from the enemy… We value every life! Ukraine returned 215 people from Russian captivity, including defenders of "Azovstal" 22 September 2022 - 01:21 In particular, 108 warriors of the "Azov" regiment and other formations of the National Guard of Ukraine, as well as servicemen of the Ground and Naval Forces, the territorial defense of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, the State Border Guard Service, the National Police, employees of the Security Service, the State Special Transport Service and the State Customs Service were released. The wife of the President of Ukraine held meetings with the UN Secretary-General, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the First Lady of France and the UNFPA Executive Director 21 September 2022 - 18:15 During a meeting with the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in which Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal also took part, the First Lady thanked António Guterres for his personal efforts and the efforts of the leadership of the UN Secretariat and the entire free democratic world, which today supports and helps the Ukrainian people. Olena Zelenska held a number of important international meetings on the margins of the 77th session of the UN General Assembly 21 September 2022 - 13:28 In particular, she met with First Lady of Poland Agata Kornhauser-Duda and First Lady of Lithuania Diana Nausėdienė within the Lublin Triangle. The state that provokes famine should get the toughest reaction from the world - President's speech at the Global Food Security Summit 21 September 2022 - 02:19 We call for your solidarity. Stand in solidarity with us in holding Russia to account. Stand in solidarity with us in guaranteeing the right of any person and any country to protection from hunger, the right to food. The situation on the frontline clearly indicates that the initiative belongs to Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 21 September 2022 - 00:29 Our defenders very carefully and very bravely fulfill the tasks set by their commanders. Our positions are clear and well known. Only this should interest us. Not what sounds somewhere, but what is our task. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 150 151 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine