1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032950/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=49 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Yermak-McFaul International Working Group presents new document on tightening sanctions against the Russian military-industrial complex 4 July 2023 - 19:33 The International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia, co-chaired by Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak and Director of the Freeman-Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) Ambassador Michael McFaul, has presented a new report ( № 12) aimed at restricting the Russian military-industrial complex's access to Western technologies. Greetings from the President of Ukraine to the American people on the occasion of US Independence Day 4 July 2023 - 16:22 Happy 4th of July, America! And please remember that in the coalition of the free and the brave, you can always count on Ukraine as your ally. President at the events on the occasion of the Day of National Police: Ukrainian police knows how to be professional, how to save from evil, restore justice 4 July 2023 - 15:41 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the festivities on the occasion of the Day of the National Police of Ukraine and the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed defense support for Ukraine and coordination on the path to NATO with the Prime Minister of Sweden 4 July 2023 - 12:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone call with Prime Minister of Sweden Ulf Kristersson. President had a phone call with the Chancellor of Germany 3 July 2023 - 21:15 The Head of State noted the important signals of Germany in support of Ukraine at the London Recovery Conference and the European Council meeting. We will do everything possible and impossible to make our air defense system the most powerful - address by the President of Ukraine 3 July 2023 - 20:49 Today, General Oleshchuk, the commander of the Air Force, reported to me on our actions to strengthen air defense. The goal is for the Ukrainian sky shield to be able to protect our entire territory from Russian terror, and in the future, to become the basis for the European sky shield. Ukrainian shores will never tolerate the occupier - address by the President of Ukraine 2 July 2023 - 16:01 The enemy will definitely not dictate the conditions in the Black Sea, and the occupiers will have to be as afraid of approaching our Ukrainian Crimea and our Azov Sea coast as Russian ships are already afraid of approaching our Black Sea coast. President visited military hospital in Odesa region and awarded Ukrainian sailors 2 July 2023 - 15:46 ﻿﻿During a working visit to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited one of the medical institutions where wounded servicemen of the Ukrainian Navy are being treated. President at the events in Odesa on the occasion of the Day of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine: Courage and skill of our Navy destroyed enemy's hopes and drowned them in the sea 2 July 2023 - 15:17 In Odesa, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the events dedicated to the Day of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, in particular, he met with cadets of the Institute of the Navy of the National University "Odesa Maritime Academy" and presented state awards and battle flags. President listened to the report on the development of the Ukrainian Navy in Odesa region 2 July 2023 - 14:53 During a working trip to Odesa region, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy listened to the report by Commander of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Oleksiy Neizhpapa. 1 2 ... 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine