5 captures 03 Oct 2023 - 07 Aug 2025 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233249/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-u-shveciyi-u-nas-ne-lishe-spilni-kolori-j-spi-84977 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska in Sweden: We have not only common colors, but also common principles 20 August 2023 - 09:04 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska and President Volodymyr Zelenskyy paid a visit to the Kingdom of Sweden. The President's wife visited Aleris Rehab Station, a high-level rehabilitation center in the country's healthcare system. Rehabilitation here is based on comprehensive medical, psychosocial, health and technical measures. The goal is to enable participants to resume or maintain an active role in society. 36 servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine have already undergone treatment at the center. The First Lady thanked the Swedish doctors for helping Ukrainians. "Rehabilitating the wounded so that they can feel confident and fully engaged in society is exactly what we want for Ukrainians in our country," she said. Olena Zelenska also met with Swedish Minister for Health Acko Ankarberg Johansson. "I am glad to note that the Ministers of Health of Ukraine and Sweden are in close personal contact. There is a growing need for prosthetics, as well as rehabilitation services with a focus on restoring physical functionality, and, as far as possible, mental and psychological rehabilitation of Ukrainians. And we cannot do this without the support of our partners," the First Lady said. She emphasized that in order to establish fruitful cooperation and coordination of efforts between health ministries of different countries, Ukraine is initiating the creation of an international medical partnership program under the patronage of the Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen to be held on September 6 in Kyiv. "For Ukraine, this will mean an exchange of experience in the treatment, rehabilitation, and prosthetics of our wounded. Our institutions will receive targeted international reinforcement, and foreign specialists will have the opportunity to learn from the experience of their Ukrainian colleagues in emergency situations. It is not only us who need this: the modern world is a single organism, so we can only treat, save, and support it together," Olena Zelenska is convinced. She suggested considering the possibility of establishing direct cooperation between Aleris Rehab Station and the Ukrainian State Medical and Social Center for War Veterans (Kyiv region). In addition, the First Lady met with King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and Queen Silvia. She thanked them for their principled and consistent support for Ukraine. The Royal Family is closely monitoring the situation in our country. In particular, after the liberation of Zmiivka village (former Swedish settlement of Gammalsvenskby in Beryslav district of Kherson region) from Russian occupation, Their Majesties the King and Queen of Sweden made a donation from their personal savings to quickly restore the damaged infrastructure of the village. "I am sure that it is no coincidence that Ukraine and Sweden have the same colors of their national flags. Our peoples share not only common pages of glorious history, but also common principles, the main of which is that human life is priceless and its quality is a priority," Olena Zelenska said. During a meeting with the spouse of the Prime Minister of Sweden, Birgitta Ed, Olena Zelenska thanked for the consistent support of our country, in particular for providing shelter from the war to more than 50,000 Ukrainians and for the treatment of 85 civilians and soldiers with mine-blast injuries and cancer. Birgitta Ed is a businesswoman, social activist, and pastor of a local Lutheran community. "Unfortunately, the war continues, our people suffer every day and need help every day. Last year, I created a charitable foundation aimed at helping Ukrainians and restoring Ukraine's human capital. We are working in three main areas: education, medicine and humanitarian aid," said Olena Zelenska. "My foundation has an ambitious goal: every person in Ukraine should feel physically and mentally healthy, protected, able to realize their right to education and build a future in their native country. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Sweden 19 August 2023 - 16:10 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Sweden 19 August 2023 - 16:10 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine