19 captures 08 Apr 2022 - 25 Jun 2025 Mar APR May 08 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220408160709/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-olena-zelenska-zvernulasya-do-uryadovciv-derzhav-74177 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Being brave is our brand; we will spread our courage in the world - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 April 2022 - 23:43 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy started a meeting with Ursula von der Leyen and Josep Borrell in Kyiv 8 April 2022 - 17:56 Speech by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Eduskunta, the Parliament of Finland 8 April 2022 - 15:05 First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the officials of the member states of the Council of Europe 8 April 2022 - 13:22 We are consolidating international support for youth infrastructure development - Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine 8 April 2022 - 10:58 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the presentation of state awards to servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and families of fallen Heroes of Ukraine 5 April 2022 - 20:06 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife First Lady Olena Zelenska addressed the officials of the member states of the Council of Europe 8 April 2022 - 13:22 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska addressed the participants of the conference on the new Strategy for the Rights of the Child (2022-2027), which took place under the auspices of the Council of Europe. The address of the President's wife was read by the Ambassador of Ukraine to Italy Yaroslav Melnyk. In her address to the participants of the event, the First Lady of Ukraine noted the importance of universal protection of children's rights. She said that due to a full-scale Russian attack on our state, Ukrainian children cannot exercise their rights. "Since the beginning of the war, the Russian Federation has violated the inalienable right of every child - the right to life guaranteed by the UN Convention. Due to the attack of the invader, all the rights of Ukrainian children are now completely violated. Because it turned out that for Russia all these rights do not matter. Our children's right to medical treatment has been violated, as more than 270 medical institutions have been damaged or completely destroyed. The right to education has been violated. Despite the Safe Schools Declaration, more than 300 educational institutions have been intentionally damaged or destroyed. And about four million - half of our children! - became displaced persons: they no longer have their usual home. What's worse is that there are hundreds of children in Ukraine with whom we have no contact. We simply don't know anything about their fate! They are with their parents in the cities occupied by Russians or for which fighting is taking place," said the First Lady. She announced a moment of silence for 165 Ukrainian children whose deaths were confirmed at the time of her speech. Olena Zelenska thanked the Council of Europe, which responded immediately to the unjustified and unprovoked aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine, and on March 16 completed the procedure for excluding Russia from the organization, in accordance with Article 8 of its Charter. At the same time, the President's wife stated that the skies over Ukraine were never closed to Russian planes: “From the very beginning of the war, we asked NATO to close the skies over our cities, over Ukraine. To prevent bombs and rockets from falling on people. We were not heard. Well, now I ask you to at least ensure the right of children to get out of danger. They need real humanitarian corridors, because now the enemy is shooting at civilian cars as well as at military ones." She also called on the participants to ensure, in accordance with the declared goal of "child-friendly justice", an international investigation and punishment for all Russians who in one way or another have committed and continue to commit violence against children in Ukraine. In conclusion, Olena Zelenska wished the audience, including children from different countries, that there would be no war in their lives. "But to this end, you need to know about such a threat. The right to know is also an inalienable right of adults and children,” the First Lady concluded. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine