2 captures 24 Mar 2023 - 24 Mar 2023 Feb MAR Apr 24 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230324051316/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=23-03-2022&date-to=23-03-2023&page=7 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos In the free territory of the Kherson region, more than 50 villages were almost completely destroyed by the occupier, but people are returning even to such villages - address by the President of Ukraine 23 March 2023 - 21:35 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to the Kherson region 23 March 2023 - 13:06 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak and Valerii Zaluzhny had a phone call with Jake Sullivan and Mark Milley 8 March 2023 - 23:44 The parties also focused on the defense of Bakhmut and the measures taken to ensure the stability of the defense forces' positions in the Donetsk area. Olena Zelenska took part in the the Forbes 30/50 Summit 8 March 2023 - 22:38 At a special gala evening, Olena Zelenska received the Torch of Freedom award. It was presented by Hillary Rodham Clinton. We are doing everything to ensure that our tactical steps contribute to the strategic goal - the success of Ukraine – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2023 - 21:47 The frontline, our defense, the battle for Bakhmut and the entire Donbas. This is the first priority. Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to women who distinguished themselves in the defense of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity 8 March 2023 - 17:42 "Today we thank our women who are fighting, caring, working for peace for Ukraine, for the protection of our lives, our freedom, our people," the President emphasized. It is now and in Ukraine that the future of the UN is being decided - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with António Guterres in Kyiv 8 March 2023 - 17:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres, who visited Ukraine for the third time since the beginning of full-scale Russian aggression. Volodymyr Zelenskyy's greetings on International Women's Day 8 March 2023 - 11:59 It is important to express gratitude today. To all the women who work, teach, study, rescue, heal, fight - fight for Ukraine. To remember and thank all the women who gave their lives for our country. To thank mothers. To remember that as long as your mom is alive, you can feel like a child. To thank your loved ones for their respect and strength. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 8 March 2023 - 08:54 Separately, the interlocutors discussed ongoing international efforts to provide defense and financial support to Ukraine, as it fights to liberate its lands from Russian occupation. First Lady of Ukraine met with the President of the UAE 7 March 2023 - 22:17 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska is on a visit to the United Arab Emirates. On the first day of her visit, Olena Zelenska met with the President of the UAE, Ruler of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan. Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations to discuss the pursuit of legal action against Russia for its environmental crimes committed in Ukraine 7 March 2023 - 20:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with representatives of civil society organizations focused on ecology and environmental protection. Ukraine will always remember its heroes, our memory of them will endure, and our enemy will perish - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 March 2023 - 19:00 For more than nine years, Ukrainian heroes have been fighting for Ukraine's future in fierce battles for the country. Peace and relative safety in the rear cities is their feat. Our confidence in Ukraine's victory is their resilience and strength. 1 2 ... 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ... 179 180 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine