1 capture 27 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 27 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220327000357/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/persha-ledi-ukrayini-zvernulasya-do-vsesvitnoyi-radi-cerkov-73681?fbclid=IwAR0I_Djs1hBH9PVh9ZPP3oMcis5FWfJERgJ5t5G_Qpfec42jlI6FPH8Gouc Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:34 View all videos n latest news Russian troops are destroying everything that makes us a nation, but they will be held accountable for that - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 March 2022 - 23:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a video conference with Andrzej Duda 26 March 2022 - 19:57 Ukraine insists on a system of security guarantees - Mykhailo Podolyak 26 March 2022 - 17:01 President awarded the National Guard soldiers who distinguished themselves in battles with the Russian aggressor 26 March 2022 - 16:02 Go to all news pg Photo gallery On the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded NGU servicemen 26 March 2022 - 15:59 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife The First Lady of Ukraine addressed the World Council of Churches 19 March 2022 - 18:40 The First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska addressed the World Council of Churches with a request to become a mediator in the organization of humanitarian corridors and to help Ukrainians fleeing the war. "I appeal to you as to an organization called to preach peace and fraternity: be the voice of those who suffer from war today! Communicate to the members of the World Council of Churches the importance of professing justice and peace on our land based on faith in God. I ask you and the members of the World Council of Churches to convey your voice condemning the war and calling for the protection of the civilian population," the wife of the President of Ukraine noted. Since the beginning of the war, Olena Zelenska has been working on humanitarian support for Ukrainians. In particular, she actively cooperates with international organizations, the first ladies of other countries to resolve humanitarian crises in Ukraine. Now she is focused on providing the necessary assistance to children and mothers and saving their lives. That is why Olena Zelenska appealed to the World Council of Churches to help Ukraine. Letter to Acting Secretary General of the World Council of Churches Rev. Prof. Dr Ioan Sauca - doc - 31.50 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine