8 captures 06 May 2023 - 22 Jan 2026 Apr MAY Jun 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230506180720/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-i-premyer-ministr-ukrayini-denis-shmigal-vidv-82721 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:39 View all videos n latest news We must return and will return all our people from Russian captivity – address by the President of Ukraine 6 May 2023 - 19:35 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of the state of Utah 6 May 2023 - 19:21 President at the Infantry Day celebrations: No matter what our enemy does, Ukrainian infantrymen are stronger, our time is the time for victory 6 May 2023 - 17:23 Oleksiy Kuleba met with the new Head of the ICRC delegation to Ukraine Jürg Eglin 6 May 2023 - 09:48 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in festivities on the Infantry Day 6 May 2023 - 17:20 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska, Prime Minister of Ukraine Denys Shmyhal visit Ukrainian troops undergoing training in UK 5 May 2023 - 21:57 As part of the visit to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the occasion of the coronation of King Charles III, First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska together with Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal visited Ukrainian troops who are undergoing training in this country. The first group of Ukrainian defenders arrived at the training ground in Salisbury, one of the largest in the UK, on June 27, 2022 as part of the operation Interflex launched by the UK to train soldiers of the Armed Forces of Ukraine overseen by the 11th Brigade of the British Army on the territory of the country with the participation of instructors from nine more partner states (Finland, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Australia, New Zealand, Lithuania, Canada, and the Netherlands). UK Secretary of State for Defence Ben Wallace met the First Lady and the Prime Minister of Ukraine in the training area. The guests got acquainted with the training of the Ukrainian troops. As part of training, soldiers undergo, in particular, training in tactical medicine and engineering support, tactics, and fire training. "Our defenders need all possible world experience because every additional knowledge, every skill is their preserved life and health. And therefore, our victory," the First Lady said. Shmyhal and Wallace coordinated the steps necessary for Ukraine's counteroffensive and further strengthening our state's defense capabilities. "We are systematically moving in this direction. The Ukrainian army masters NATO standards in practice: on the training ground from experienced instructors and on the battlefield during the fight against the enemy," the Prime Minister of Ukraine said. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine