1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309052355/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=57 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine's accession to the EU and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision 7 July 2021 - 12:53 Ukraine's full membership in the European Union and NATO is first and foremost a geopolitical decision, and only then a matter of reforms. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. President of Ukraine: Lithuania is a reliable partner and ally of our country on all international platforms 7 July 2021 - 12:47 In the interaction between Ukraine and Lithuania, the most valuable thing is a common understanding of the challenges of today, so the countries will continue to coordinate actions within international organizations to defend the interests of both states. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. Strategic partnership between Ukraine and Lithuania is always filled with concrete projects and initiatives - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 7 July 2021 - 12:07 Ukraine and Lithuania are successfully developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the framework of a strategic partnership, which is multidimensional and dynamic, and is always filled with concrete projects and initiatives. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a joint press conference with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda in Vilnius. President of Ukraine offered to hold Eurobasket together with Lithuania 7 July 2021 - 10:31 Volodymyr Zelenskyy offered to organize a joint holding of one of the next European Basketball Championships (Eurobasket) by Ukraine and Lithuania. He stated this at the opening of the Fourth Conference on Reforms in Ukraine "Strong Ukraine in a Strong European and Euro-Atlantic Family" in Vilnius. Meeting of the Presidents of Ukraine and Lithuania began in Vilnius 7 July 2021 - 09:10 In the framework of the working visit to Lithuania, the meeting of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda is being held. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the President of the European Council coordinated preparations for the 23rd Ukraine-EU Summit 6 July 2021 - 18:07 During a working visit to the Republic of Lithuania, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Council Charles Michel. President held trilateral talks with the President of Lithuania and the President of the European Council in Vilnius 6 July 2021 - 17:53 During a working visit to Lithuania, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held trilateral talks with President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the European Council Charles Michel. Volodymyr Zelenskyy stressed the invariability of Ukraine's strategic course towards full membership in the European Union. Lithuania is a reliable and unchanging partner of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during participation in celebrations on the occasion of the Day of Statehood of Lithuania 6 July 2021 - 13:49 Lithuania is a reliable and unchanging partner of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy during participation in celebrations on the occasion of the Day of Statehood of Lithuania Volodymyr Zelenskyy and the Secretary General of the World Customs Organization discussed the reform of the Ukrainian customs 5 July 2021 - 19:26 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Secretary General of the World Customs Organization Dr. Kunio Mikuriya. President of Ukraine will make a visit to the Republic of Lithuania on July 6-7 5 July 2021 - 17:34 During the visit, it is also planned to hold the negotiations with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the European Council Charles Michel. 1 2 ... 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine