42 captures 11 Jun 2023 - 11 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 11 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230611194921/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/duzhe-vazhlivo-sho-predstavniki-mizhnarodnogo-pravosuddya-na-83553 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:39 View all videos n latest news It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:31 Joint address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau to Canadian journalists at the Press Gallery Dinner in Ottawa 11 June 2023 - 20:12 Olena Zelenska discussed the construction of new homes for Ukrainian foster families with Mariam Almheiri, Minister of Climate Change and Environment of the UAE 11 June 2023 - 15:01 Olena Zelenska discussed with Justin Trudeau cooperation between Ukraine and Canada in the rehabilitation of veterans 11 June 2023 - 14:05 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting with the Prime Minister of Canada in Kyiv 10 June 2023 - 14:24 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches It is very important that representatives of international justice have seen with their own eyes the consequences of the Russian act of terrorism at the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - address by the President of Ukraine 11 June 2023 - 21:31 Dear Ukrainians! Today we managed to return 95 more of our people from Russian captivity, 31 of them are defenders of Mariupol. Most of them are privates and sergeants, two officers. The Armed Forces, the National Guard, the border guards. I am grateful to our team involved in the exchanges: Budanov, Yermak, Malyuk, Lubinets. Thank you for this result. Well done, guys! We have to get every Ukrainian man and woman out of Russian captivity. We are also continuing our rescue operation in the south of Ukraine, and we have managed to evacuate about 4,000 people. Dozens of towns and villages remain flooded, with the worst situation still in the temporarily occupied part of Kherson region. Again and again, we thank our people: the military, police, and rescuers. I would also like to thank volunteers, doctors, local authorities - everyone who is helping to rescue people after the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant disaster, and especially those who are helping to get people out, including those from the occupied territories. It is extremely difficult and dangerous, and it is a special kind of heroism. Thank you for every life saved! Russian terrorists continue to shell evacuation routes, evacuation points, boats that take people away... Today, as a result of one of these attacks, three people were killed, my condolences to their families and friends... Ten more people were injured, including two police officers. It was an evacuation from Kardashynka, a village on the left bank of Kherson region... The occupiers created this disaster by blowing up a dam, leaving people to their fate in flooded towns and villages, and then shelling the boats that are trying to take people away... Even beasts are more moral than you, Russian state. These days, representatives of the International Criminal Court visited Kherson region. On the very first day after the disaster, the Prosecutor General sent a request to the Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court to investigate the disaster, and the work has already begun. It is very important that the representatives of international justice have seen the consequences of this Russian act of terrorism with their own eyes and heard for themselves that Russian terror continues. And it continues with the most cynical and brutal shelling of the flooded territory, the evacuation area... We are already facilitating and will continue to facilitate the most independent and objective investigation by the International Criminal Court. All our law enforcement and other institutions are involved in this process to the fullest extent possible. We provide full access to the affected areas, to witnesses, to all information and evidence. This investigation is very important for the security of the whole world. Full and fair accountability for Russian terrorists and the terrorist state itself is a prerequisite for preventing such evil from happening again in the world. Today, our state has taken another sanctions step. Against those who serve the evil that the Russian state has become. Against those who helped to destroy freedom in Russia and play a key role in the repressions on the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine and in Russia itself. 178 of these individuals were added to our sanctions lists at the request of the Security Service of Ukraine. And we will do everything to make sure that each and every one of these accomplices of the Russian dictatorship is held accountable for everything they have done against people and freedom. For every broken destiny and every criminal decision that helped Russia turn into a terrorist state. And one more thing. Of course, I am grateful to our warriors for this day. To each of our combat brigades, each of our units. The Khortytsia and Tavria operational and strategic groups of troops - all those who are now in combat, all those who are in positions, all those who are helping... I thank you! Thank you for every step, for every battle, for every destroyed occupier! Glory to our heroes! Glory to all who defend the life of Ukraine and Ukrainians! We will win! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine