21 captures 20 Jul 2022 - 20 Jul 2025 Jun JUL Aug 20 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220720201114/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/predstavniki-ukrayini-ni-na-den-ne-pripinyali-robotu-shob-ot-76577 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The representatives of Ukraine did not stop working for a single day to obtain an effective air defense system - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 July 2022 - 22:07 View all videos n latest news The representatives of Ukraine did not stop working for a single day to obtain an effective air defense system - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 July 2022 - 22:06 The First Lady of Ukraine met with the First Lady of the USA in Washington 20 July 2022 - 21:07 Volodymyr Zelenskyy supported the First Lady of Ukraine during her speech in the US Congress 20 July 2022 - 19:56 Andriy Yermak met with Executive Director of the Ukrainian World Congress 20 July 2022 - 19:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President with Ukrainian defenders and relatives of servicemen awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine 14 July 2022 - 15:48 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The representatives of Ukraine did not stop working for a single day to obtain an effective air defense system - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 20 July 2022 - 22:06 Ukrainians! All our defenders! I'm sure you've seen how effective the weapons provided by the partners are, especially modern MLRS. The name HIMARS has become almost native to our people - just like Javelin or NLAW, like "Stugna" or "Neptune" earlier. And it is obvious that the next equally important name will appear from modern air defense systems, which we are requesting from partners. The representatives of our state did not stop working for a single day to obtain an effective air defense system. And we have certain agreements on this, there is certain success that allows us to destroy part of the missiles, but a completely different speed and scale of protection is required. But everything depends, unfortunately, not on us, but on political decisions that can be made in key capitals. And that is why this topic of air defense became key today in the speech of the First Lady of Ukraine in the Congress of the United States of America. It was the first time in history that the First Lady made such an address to the Congress, and it is certainly an honor for Ukraine, for all our people. The speech was as practical and sincere as possible - actually on behalf of all our families. Olena spoke about the victims of Russian terror and about the real opportunity for our American friends to help us stop this terror. This can be our joint victory - of the Ukrainian and American nations. I am hopeful that the answers to our requests will be provided shortly. Russian terror must lose. Today, I discussed the issue of increasing pressure on Russia for the war and additional support for Ukraine during a meeting with the Foreign Ministers of Austria and the Czech Republic who visited Kyiv. I thanked both countries for the assistance already provided and outlined the needs for the near future. The Czech Republic holds the Presidency of the Council of the European Union, and it is therefore important that the Czech leadership retains all available power. During these six months, we must take basic steps to prepare for the beginning of negotiations regarding Ukraine's membership in the EU. I also spoke with President of the European Council Charles Michel. Financial support for Ukraine is among the main topics. We are preparing for the next Ukraine-EU Summit, as well as for the institutional strengthening of our state on the path to the European Union. Soon there may be important news in this regard - we are preparing some historic decisions for our participation in the life of a united Europe. The seventh sanctions package of the European Union is in the final stage of approval. Its elements have already been announced, including a ban on the import of Russian gold. But this is not enough, and I frankly tell my partners about it. Russia must feel a much higher price for the war so that it forces it to seek peace. And now it is worth looking at what is happening on the European energy market. We see how erroneous the policy of some old leaders of European countries, who made Europe hostage to gas supplies from Russia, was. And while the EU does not dare include gas in the sanctions packages, Russia uses gas for its own sanctions against every European family, literally hitting the family budgets of Europeans with pressure on the energy markets. Ukraine has always said that Russia cannot be considered a reliable supplier of gas. And if our position had been listened to earlier, there would be no need now to look for emergency ways to fill the deficit that Russia is artificially creating on the European market. When we turn to our partners with this or that request, with this or that advice or demand, it is based on the experience of Ukraine - on what we have already experienced. Russia is testing in Ukraine everything that can be used against other European countries. It started with gas wars and ended with a full-scale invasion, missile terror and burned cities of Ukraine. And so that this does not happen to anyone else, we must ensure a tangible joint victory over Russia in Ukraine. The sooner this is done, the less damage and suffering will be experienced by all European families, all European countries. Therefore, after the approval of the seventh package of sanctions, it will be necessary to immediately start working on the eighth. Therefore, it is necessary to increase the supply of modern weapons to Ukraine, to provide our state with effective air defense. We will do everything so that our partners have this understanding and for it to never weaken. I am grateful to everyone who helps Ukrainians on the way to victory! I am grateful to everyone who defends our country! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine