1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004031842/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=152 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volunteers are the most powerful part of the civil society of Ukraine - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the International Volunteer Day 5 December 2022 - 17:12 This is the day of millions of our people. Not hundreds, not thousands, but millions. This is the day of everyone who helps defend the state. Everyone who helps protect the people. All those who give their soul, time, and money for Ukraine and Ukrainians to succeed. To win. To get through the winter, we have to be even more resilient and even more united - address by the President of Ukraine 4 December 2022 - 21:53 The fourth day of this winter is coming to an end. The winter, which will obviously be difficult. But still, it is worth perceiving this winter not as a test, but as time - time that brings us closer to the main thing - to victory. Each of these 90 winter days. Today, the first ship within the “Grain from Ukraine” humanitarian program delivered 25 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat to Ethiopia 3 December 2022 - 23:58 The first ship within the Ukrainian humanitarian program "Grain from Ukraine" arrived at the Port of Doraleh on December 3, delivering 25 thousand tons of Ukrainian wheat for Ethiopia. Our victory being achieved by strength of arms and spirit, by strength of our unity – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 3 December 2022 - 20:07 Russia has already caused huge losses to all countries of the world by deliberately destabilizing the energy market. And the world cannot dare its real energy disarmament. Andriy Yermak meets with Victoria Nuland who arrived in Ukraine on visit 3 December 2022 - 19:50 Yermak briefed Nuland on the peace formula of 10 essential points, which President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented to the G20 leaders on November 15. The parties discussed further steps aimed at its implementation. President, First Lady of Ukraine visit World of Skovoroda exhibition in Ukrainian House 3 December 2022 - 19:15 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and First Lady Olena Zelenska visited the "The World of Skovoroda" exhibition, which opened in the National Center Ukrainian House on the occasion of the 300th anniversary of the birth of the outstanding Ukrainian thinker and writer Hryhorii Skovoroda, which is celebrated on December 3. First Lady Olena Zelenska opens Philosophy of Ability forum devoted to International Day of People with Disabilities 3 December 2022 - 18:07 Within the framework of the event, two thematic panels were held with the participation of public activists, representatives of international organizations and ministries: "Self-realization through employment" and "New recovery formula". President holds regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief 3 December 2022 - 16:12 The participants listened to reports on the operational situation at the front and how to counter the enemy. Separately the pace of restoration of damaged military equipment and provision of defense forces with weapons and ammunition was analyzed. Ukraine counting on further strong support from European Parliament, in particular in providing security guarantees to our country – Andriy Yermak at meeting with MEPs 3 December 2022 - 09:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak held a meeting with a delegation of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Subcommittee on Security and Defence of the European Parliament, which arrived in our country. Thank you to everyone who, despite constant Russian shelling, is doing everything so that Ukrainians can live normally – address of President of Ukraine 2 December 2022 - 23:45 In Kherson region, every week there is more mobile communication coverage, more electricity and gas supply, more transport opportunities. Every week more access to normal medicine, educational and social services. 1 2 ... 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine