24 captures 06 Jun 2022 - 21 Apr 2025 May JUN Jul 06 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220606165311/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mizhnarodna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-prezentuvala-dorozhnyu-kar-75633 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the working trip to the Zaporizhzhia, Donetsk and Luhansk regions 6 June 2022 - 01:22 View all videos n latest news Volodymyr Zelenskyy: As the President of a warring state, I have one priority - to turn war into our victory 6 June 2022 - 18:49 President presented state awards to media workers and family members of deceased journalists on Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 17:18 The Yermak-McFaul International Group presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. 6 June 2022 - 10:48 Address by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the working trip to the Zaporizhzhia, Donetsk and Luhansk regions 6 June 2022 - 01:18 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office The Yermak-McFaul International Group presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. 6 June 2022 - 10:48 The Yermak-McFaul International Working Group on Sanctions against Russia presented a Roadmap for individual sanctions. The document defines the objectives of individual sanctions, the principles of their application, comprehensively names all categories of persons against whom personal sanctions should be imposed, and proposes a strategy to increase sanctions pressure. The purpose of individual sanctions is to increase pressure on the ruling elites of the regime, and thus help end the war against Ukraine. The Group proposes to impose sanctions on those categories of persons for whom it will be the fastest and most effective. That is, it is proposed to choose those categories of persons, personal sanctions of the democratic world against which will be the most painful. The following types of persons subject to sanctions are offered in order of priority: oligarchs, senior government officials, key corporate executives, including foreigners, Russian propagandists, political party leaders, family members, and proxies. The Group also proposes to consider introducing individual sanctions against all Russian athletes. The appendix to the document explains in detail who belongs to the appropriate category. The number of potential candidates for sanctions will be at least 12,000 individuals and 3,000 legal entities. The immediate priority is given to the 100 wealthiest people on Russia's Forbes list. According to the white paper, the sanctions coalition should focus on those who have been able to avoid sanctions in most or all jurisdictions. Examples are Vladimir Potanin, owner of Norilsk Nickel and other large assets, Andrey Bokarev, co-owner of Transmashholding and other significant assets; and Iskander Makhmudov, co-owner of Transoil, Transmashholding and other significant assets. The key sanctions mechanisms should be the freezing of assets, the ban on entry into the countries of the sanctions coalition, and the termination of powers in Western companies. It is crucial to involve as many countries as possible in a coalition of sanctions. If a person is subject to sanctions in one jurisdiction, all other jurisdictions should be the case. The role of the Ukrainian government in making any decisions on sanctions is emphasized. Also, according to the Group, any attempts by senior government officials, heads of corporations and board members, propagandists, and members of political parties to transfer property to their family members or proxies should be carefully monitored and prevented. Any assistance in transmitting or receiving such assets should be grounds for imposing sanctions. This roadmap and the previous papers of the Yermak-McFaul Group - Action Plan for Strengthening Sanctions and the Roadmap for Energy Sanctions have been provided to all key decision-makers. It is vital to continue to increase sanctions pressure on Russia. Individual Sanctions Roadmap: Recommendations for Sanctions against the Russian Federation - pdf - 322.06 kb Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine