13 captures 06 Apr 2023 - 15 Nov 2025 Mar APR May 06 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230406200140/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/oborona-j-zahist-nashih-lyudej-pidtrimka-voyiniv-ce-pitannya-82145 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The defense and protection of our people, the support of warriors is the number one issue at all negotiations - address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2023 - 22:14 View all videos n latest news The defense and protection of our people, the support of warriors is the number one issue at all negotiations - address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2023 - 22:13 Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the mayors of the cities of Rzeszów, Przemyśl, Lublin and Chełm and presented them with "Rescuer City" honorary awards 6 April 2023 - 11:53 Rosja nie wygra z Europą, kiedy Ukrainiec i Polak stoją ramię w ramię - przemówienie Prezydenta Ukrainy przed deputowanymi obu izb Zgromadzenia Narodowego, przedstawicielami społeczeństwa Ukrainy i Polski 6 April 2023 - 00:56 Ukraine and Poland are able to fill the entire space between the Baltic and Black Seas with new security and technological content - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the Ukrainian-Polish business forum 6 April 2023 - 00:50 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Official visit of the President of Ukraine to the Republic of Poland 5 April 2023 - 14:14 Go to all galleries Home News Speeches The defense and protection of our people, the support of warriors is the number one issue at all negotiations - address by the President of Ukraine 6 April 2023 - 22:13 Good health to you, fellow Ukrainians! Today, I’m already in Ukraine, in Kyiv, here, on Bankova the whole day. A day of internal meetings and preparations for events planned for the coming weeks. I held a meeting with Prime Minister Shmyhal. More on current issues. Coordination of state actions, decisions. A meeting on the security situation, the work of law enforcement agencies. Our international agenda – the preparation of meetings, negotiations, appeals. As always, I was in touch with the military: everything related to the hottest areas of the frontline. It is very important that the content of the visit to Poland, the work of our delegation in Warsaw and in constant communication with Polish partners should be tangible for our front. Defense and protection of our people, maintenance of our resilience, primarily the resilience of warriors, is the number one issue at all negotiations and meetings. Exactly defense – weapons for Ukraine, ammunition for Ukraine, new defense systems for Ukraine. And I thank Poland, I thank our partners for making this visit truly meaningful. I would like to separately mention the meeting that took place very late yesterday evening, almost at night. Meeting with mayors of Polish cities, rescuer cities for Ukraine and Ukrainians. Rzeszów, Przemyśl, Lublin and Chełm. We met precisely in Chełm - together with Mr. Morawiecki, the Prime Minister of Poland. I thanked the entire community of rescuer cities, everyone who helped Ukrainians, who really proved in the very first days of a full-scale war that there are no barriers, borders, obstacles between Ukrainian and Polish hearts. Ukraine knows how to be grateful. Grateful for such solidarity - historical solidarity. Today, as always, there are some of our divisions worth celebrating. Paratroopers of the "Eightieth" and fighters of the 57th separate motorized infantry brigade... the 30th separate mechanized brigade... The firmness of your defense, guys, and resilience are inspiring. Powerfully inspiring. Inspiring the world not to lose momentum in supporting Ukraine. Thank you, warriors! The 35th and 36th separate marine infantry brigades, warriors of the "Zaporizka Sich" 55th separate artillery brigade... As always, well done. As always, they strive for greater results. Thank you! I’m grateful to the special purpose unit of the 1st main center of the Main Intelligence Directorate who are fighting in Bakhmut. Well done, guys! Bakhmut and Maryinka, Avdiivka and our entire Donbas, our east, Zaporizhzhia and our Azov region, our Kherson region - I thank everyone who fights for freedom of our country, freedom of our people. Thank you to everyone who will definitely drive the Russian army out of Ukraine! Glory to our warriors! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine