1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004032951/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=135 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Andriy Yermak held a briefing for the U.S. delegation headed by Deputy Secretary of State 16 January 2023 - 18:22 Andriy Yermak informed the American partners, in particular, about the main events taking place in Ukraine and around its borders due to the aggression of the Russian Federation. He thanked the United States for supporting our country in the struggle for independence and territorial integrity. In an interview with CNN, Olena Zelenska told how Ukrainians do not let the aggressor intimidate them 16 January 2023 - 17:58 First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska gave an interview to one of the most famous American political commentators Fareed Zakaria on CNN. She told how Ukrainians live under constant Russian attacks and whether the aggressor will succeed in achieving his main goal - to intimidate and break the resistance of Ukrainian citizens. President of Ukraine held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 16 January 2023 - 14:47 The participants of the meeting considered the possibilities of enemy’s preparation of missile strikes at the territory of Ukraine and measures to counteract them. Everyone will be held to account for terror: both those who kill and those who help to kill - address by the President of Ukraine 15 January 2023 - 21:08 I think it is right that today there is a decision to expand our sanctions against Russian citizens and other persons who help terror. We must do everything to stop ruscism in the same way that the free world once stopped Nazism – address of President of Ukraine 14 January 2023 - 19:41 Can Russian terror be stopped? Yes. Is it possible to do it somehow differently than on the battlefield in Ukraine? Unfortunately no. This can and must be done on our land, in our sky, in our sea. Andriy Yermak, Michael McFaul discuss next sanctions package, plans of International Working Group for this year 14 January 2023 - 12:10 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak during a video call discussed with the director of the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies (FSI), former US National Security Adviser, Ambassador Michael McFaul the continuation of the sanctions policy and the action plan of the International Working Group on Russian Sanctions headed by them for the current year. This week we managed to significantly strengthen resoluteness of our partners to increase supply of weapons to Ukraine – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 13 January 2023 - 22:30 And we are working as hard as possible to ensure that it's reflected in the decisions of the next meeting at Ramstein Air Base, which will take place in the second half of January. Address by the President of Ukraine at the solemn session of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania on the occasion of the Day of Freedom Defenders and the ceremony of awarding the Freedom Prize of the Republic of Lithuania 13 January 2023 - 13:15 This day - Freedom Defenders Day - is the right time to remind that freedom is alive when the idea of its protection is alive. When there are people willing to fight for it. And when it is not just rhetoric, but real actions. Actions that Ukraine sees from Lithuania invariably. Daria Herasymchuk informed representatives of Germany and the Netherlands about illegal deportation of Ukrainian children by Russia 13 January 2023 - 13:07 Adviser - Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for Children’s Rights and Rehabilitation Daria Herasymchuk held a series of international working meetings on the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children violated by the aggressor country. Head of the Office of the President and U.S. Department of State Sanctions Coordinator discussed strengthening of sanction policy on the aggressor state 12 January 2023 - 23:04 Speaking of strengthening sanctions pressure on the aggressor, the Head of the Presidential Office emphasized the necessity of applying sanctions elaborated by the Yermak-McFaul International Working Group, particularly against Russian propagandists. 1 2 ... 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine