18 captures 21 Aug 2023 - 21 Jan 2026 Jul AUG Sep 21 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230821153728/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/domovilisya-pro-peredachu-daniyeyu-19-vinishuvachiv-f-16-gla-85005 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We are completing a historic visit to the Nordic countries with much-needed agreements - address by the President of Ukraine 21 August 2023 - 18:14 View all videos n latest news We are completing a historic visit to the Nordic countries with much-needed agreements - address by the President of Ukraine 21 August 2023 - 18:10 With our victory and cooperation we will prove that people matter, freedom matters, Europe matters – Volodymyr Zelenskyy's speech to the public of Ukraine and Denmark 21 August 2023 - 14:55 President and First Lady of Ukraine met with Queen Margrethe II of Denmark 21 August 2023 - 14:47 In Copenhagen, Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Danish parliamentarians, business representatives and the Ukrainian community 21 August 2023 - 12:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Denmark 20 August 2023 - 20:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President following the meeting with Mette Frederiksen: We have agreed on the transfer of 19 F-16 jets by Denmark 20 August 2023 - 21:17 During a working visit to the Kingdom of Denmark, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of Denmark Mette Frederiksen. "We have agreed on the transfer of 19 F-16 jets by Denmark. This is a very powerful support for us. Training missions are already starting. Today, we have talked to our men and women who are studying and will work with F-16s here and then in our skies," the Head of State said during a meeting with media representatives following the negotiations with Mette Frederiksen. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that Ukrainian warriors are motivated to win and look forward to defending our skies with F-16s. "And a very important signal was made today that everyone will do everything to ensure that we get the first jets as soon as possible," he said. The President of Ukraine thanked Mette Frederiksen, the entire government team and the Danish society for their support and solidarity with Ukraine. During the meeting, the parties also discussed the expansion of training missions. The infrastructure is already being prepared for this. "We will work together with other partners to make this success for the Ukrainian sky shield even greater," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said and added that the announced assistance from Denmark and the Netherlands is extremely powerful. Answering journalists' questions, the Head of State noted that today's decisions of Denmark and the Netherlands were only the first fruits that would become an important signal for other countries to provide combat aircraft to Ukraine. "I think that the most important thing that happened here today is that it will be a great impetus for those states that previously doubted whether to provide us with aircraft," the Head of State emphasized. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Mette Frederiksen also discussed the capabilities of the Ukrainian defense forces on the battlefield. The President emphasized that Denmark's assistance in this regard is one of the most significant. "It includes air defense, artillery, munitions, coastal defense, Leopards, armored personnel carriers and demining vehicles. We are working to boost our capabilities not only on land, but also at sea, in the defense of our ports. This is important for global food security," he emphasized. The Head of State also noted Denmark's assistance in the implementation of the Peace Formula, as the first meeting of national security advisors and representatives of the Ministries of Foreign Affairs on the implementation of the Peace Formula took place in Copenhagen. "Now the only question is which states will show leadership with regard to specific points of the Peace Formula," the President noted. In addition, the parties discussed the details of Denmark's involvement in rebuilding Ukraine after the Russian attacks. "The meaningfulness of your work, the absolute concreteness of the assistance, in particular to our city of Mykolaiv, which is constantly shelled by the occupiers, is a good example for other countries that seek to help restore and protect normal life," Volodymyr Zelenskyy emphasized. v Videos ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Denmark 20 August 2023 - 20:23 ph Working visit of the President of Ukraine to the Kingdom of Denmark 20 August 2023 - 20:23 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine