3 captures 19 Mar 2024 - 08 Sep 2025 Feb MAR Apr 19 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240319010141/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhejkom-sallivanom-89629 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos This year we must and will reach the maximum level of Ukrainian defense production throughout the entire period of independence – address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2024 - 19:55 View all videos n latest news This year we must and will reach the maximum level of Ukrainian defense production throughout the entire period of independence – address by the President of Ukraine 18 March 2024 - 19:54 President of Ukraine met with U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham 18 March 2024 - 17:38 Olena Zelenska: The history of humanity and the human spirit is being told in Ukrainian already in 82 museums around the world 18 March 2024 - 10:48 Right now, it is the Ukrainian defense in this war that is determining whether Putin will succeed in expanding the zone of ruins in Europe and the world – address by the President of Ukraine 17 March 2024 - 19:59 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President presented state awards to athletes - winners and medalists of the XX Winter Deaflympics 16 March 2024 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 11 March 2024 - 23:29 As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies, Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with National Security Advisor to the President of the United States Jake Sullivan. The interlocutors discussed the situation on the battlefield and the urgent needs of Ukrainian defenders. In particular, Andriy Yermak emphasized the importance of the U.S. House of Representatives approving an aid package for Ukraine as soon as possible, as it is badly needed by Ukrainian forces. The Head of the President's Office expressed gratitude for the recent speech of U.S. President Joseph Biden to the Congress during his annual State of the Union address, which contained strong messages about the need to support Ukraine in its fight against Russian aggression. The Head of the President's Office sincerely thanked the U.S. President and his Administration, both houses of Congress and both parties, and the entire American people for their unwavering support for Ukraine in its struggle for independence and territorial integrity, as well as for freedom and democratic values in Europe. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine