1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224071139/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=72 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with US President Joe Biden 7 June 2021 - 21:39 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the United States of America Joe Biden. This was announced by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Venice Commission Gianni Buquicchio 7 June 2021 - 17:00 The Head of State noted the high level of cooperation with the Venice Commission and the advisory assistance it provides to our country in implementing key reforms. Anticorruption Strategy for 2020-2024 should be approved in Ukraine as soon as possible - President at Zero Corruption Conference 2021 7 June 2021 - 15:52 The Verkhovna Rada should adopt as soon as possible in the second reading and in general the law "On the principles of state anticorruption policy for 2020-2024", approved as a basis in November last year. This was emphasized by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy during his speech at Zero Corruption Conference 2021 in Kyiv. The situation with COVID-19 in Ukraine continues to improve - meeting at the Office of the President 7 June 2021 - 14:18 There is a positive trend in the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine - all indicators are stabilizing. This was discussed at a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. President expects all major environmental laws to be adopted in Ukraine by the end of the year 7 June 2021 - 14:11 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that the current generation is responsible for the environmental situation in the country, so it is important to adopt a number of laws on environmental protection in Ukraine. The Head of State said this during a conversation with media representatives in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology". Volodymyr Zelenskyy: If I do not have the support of the parliament in the adoption of the law on oligarchs, I will turn to society 7 June 2021 - 14:06 If MPs sabotage the adoption of a law to prevent the influence of oligarchs, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy will put the issue to an all-Ukrainian referendum. The Head of State announced this during a conversation with journalists in the framework of the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology". President launched the Green Country project aimed at protecting nature and the environment in Ukraine 7 June 2021 - 12:31 "We are launching the Green Country project. I will say at once that this is not a political project, but a purely ecological one for nature and the environment. We have set ourselves an ambitious but, I am sure, achievable goal - to increase the area of forests by one million hectares in 10 years. To this end, in the next three years we seek to plant one billion trees in Ukraine," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the forum. President signed a law banning the use of plastic bags in Ukraine 7 June 2021 - 11:27 During the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Ecology", President Volodymyr Zelenskyy signed the Law "On Restricting the Circulation of Plastic Bags on the Territory of Ukraine", which was adopted by the Verkhovna Rada on June 1. Embassy of the Kingdom of Sweden and First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska turned Kyiv streets into AR objects and launched an audio guide at the Vasa Museum 7 June 2021 - 10:08 On June 6, Ambassador of the Kingdom of Sweden to Ukraine Tobias Thyberg and First Lady Olena Zelenska presented an art zone dedicated to the millennial friendship between the two countries. The event was dedicated to the celebration of Sweden's National Day. Address by the President following the meeting of the National Security and Defense Council 4 June 2021 - 20:20 I really want the time to come when the meetings of the National Security and Defense Council will be held not once a week, but once a year. And the agenda of these meetings will contain only one item - nobody and nothing threatens Ukraine. It is for this purpose that we continue our daily work, active defense of our state and restoration of justice. 1 2 ... 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine