3 captures 26 Feb 2024 - 18 Jun 2025 Jan FEB Mar 26 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240226012414/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/igor-zhovkva-obgovoriv-z-federalnim-ministrom-z-pitan-yes-ta-74657 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must be united just as our common victory demands – address of the President of Ukraine to the G7 leaders 24 February 2024 - 19:28 View all videos n latest news The EU is our historical and values-based choice, and no one will be able to change this course – President of Ukraine. 25 February 2024 - 22:23 Confiscation of frozen Russian assets will weaken Putin – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 February 2024 - 22:02 Ukraine hopes for a positive decision by its partners on providing the long-awaited assistance 25 February 2024 - 21:51 Global Peace Summit will strengthen Ukraine diplomatically – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 February 2024 - 21:01 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President's participation in the forum "Ukraine. Year 2024" 25 February 2024 - 20:07 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva discussed topical issues of bilateral cooperation with the Federal Minister for the EU and the Austrian Constitution 28 April 2022 - 23:05 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held a video conference with Federal Minister for the EU and Constitution at the Federal Chancellery of Austria Karoline Edtstadler. Ihor Zhovkva thanked Austria for the warm welcome of about 50,000 Ukrainians who were forced to flee their homes, and praised the initiative of the Federal Chancellery to double the funds raised through the charity event "Neighbor in Need." During the conversation, the parties discussed the need for the European Union to strengthen sanctions on Russia. "We count on Austria's support for the soonest possible approval of the sixth sanctions package, which should definitely include an oil embargo and disconnection of all Russian banks from the SWIFT system. It is necessary to put an end to the financing of Russia's aggression through the purchase of Russian energy resources," Ihor Zhovkva stressed. Austria's clear position on maintaining European unity on the refusal to pay for gas supplies with Russian rubles was noted. The interlocutors paid special attention to Ukraine's priorities in the field of European integration. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President briefed Karoline Edtstadler on the latest achievements in this area. Ihor Zhovkva expressed disappointment with the recent statements by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Austria Alexander Schallenberg, which do not contribute to the achievement of our country's main goals of European integration. Ihor Zhovkva is convinced that the expected positive recommendation by the European Commission based on the results of the review of Ukraine's answers to the questionnaire will allow EU member states to support Ukraine's acquisition of EU candidate status in June this year. The Deputy Head of the Office of the President called on the Austrian side to support the European Commission's proposal to abolish customs tariffs and quotas on Ukrainian industrial and agricultural products. Also expectations were expressed that an agreement between Ukraine and the EU on the liberalization of road transport would be signed as soon as possible. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine