10 captures 10 Jul 2024 - 11 Oct 2025 Jun JUL Aug 10 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240710170529/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/bezpekova-ugoda-z-lyuksemburgom-dokument-mistit-punkt-pro-pi-92053 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We Continue Our Work in Washington, and There Will Be a Decision Regarding the F-16s Very Soon – Address by the President 10 July 2024 - 16:16 View all videos n latest news Consequences of Russian Shelling and Support on the Path to the EU: President of Ukraine Met with Prime Minister of Luxembourg 10 July 2024 - 17:58 Security Agreement with Luxembourg: Document Includes Clause on Supporting Ukraine in Releasing and Returning All Our People 10 July 2024 - 17:31 We Continue Our Work in Washington, and There Will Be a Decision Regarding the F-16s Very Soon – Address by the President 10 July 2024 - 16:12 Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 10 July 2024 - 16:06 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events Security Agreement with Luxembourg: Document Includes Clause on Supporting Ukraine in Releasing and Returning All Our People 10 July 2024 - 17:31 In Washington, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Prime Minister of Luxembourg Luc Frieden signed an Agreement on security cooperation and long-term support between Ukraine and the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. This year, Luxembourg allocated 80 million euros for defense aid to Ukraine and will continue to provide support at this level throughout the ten-year term of the agreement. In total, since the beginning of the full-scale Russian invasion, Luxembourg has provided military support to Ukraine worth over 250 million euros. As a co-leader of the IT Capability Coalition, Luxembourg will support Ukraine in cybersecurity training, specifically by making its leading educational institutions’ capabilities available to our country. The agreement also mentions expanded cooperation in the defense industry. Luxembourg will assist in attracting funding sources and will support Ukraine's efforts to integrate its defense industry with NATO and EU defense and security standards. Separate sections of the document address humanitarian aid and support for internally displaced persons in Ukraine. Luxembourg will facilitate the release and return of all Ukrainians, especially children. The agreement also includes sections on supporting Ukrainian culture and art, long-term assistance in implementing reforms, rebuilding Ukraine, deepening economic cooperation, supporting the Ukrainian Peace Formula, holding Russia accountable, implementing a compensation mechanism, and strengthening sanctions against the aggressor state. In the document, Luxembourg clearly reaffirms its support for Ukraine's future membership in the EU and NATO. Overall, our country has already signed 22 bilateral security agreements in furtherance of the G7 Joint Declaration adopted in Vilnius on July 12, 2023: with the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Denmark, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands, Finland, Latvia, Spain, Belgium, Portugal, Sweden, Iceland, Norway, Japan, the USA, the EU, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, and Luxembourg. ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 ph Working Visit of the President of Ukraine and the First Lady to the United States to Participate in the Events of the 75th NATO Summit 9 July 2024 - 19:25 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine