1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309032426/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Iryna Vereshchuk: We urge the Russian side to adhere to the agreed and documented route of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy 8 March 2022 - 11:14 Deputy Prime Minister - Minister for Reintegration of the Temporarily Occupied Territories of Ukraine Iryna Vereshchuk informed that the functioning of the humanitarian corridor from Sumy affected by the shelling of the Russian troops had been agreed on as of today. Ukrainian and Russian delegations clarified details of functioning of humanitarian corridors - Mykhailo Podoliak 7 March 2022 - 20:53 "We have received some positive results in terms of logistics of humanitarian corridors. They will be amended, and we will receive more effective assistance to people who are currently suffering from the aggression of the Russian Federation," he said. A bot was created to help children in difficult circumstances during the war 7 March 2022 - 16:06 The Office of the President of Ukraine together with UNICEF and the Ministry of Social Policy have created a bot "Child is not alone" to help minors in difficult situations in wartime. Website was launched for foreigners who want to help Ukraine protect its freedom and territorial integrity 5 March 2022 - 09:35 Foreigners who want to help Ukraine can find detailed step-by-step instructions on how to join the fair fight against the aggressor at https://fightforua.org/. In order to implement the agreements reached at the talks on March 3, ways to resolve humanitarian issues are being elaborated - Adviser to the Head of the President's Office 4 March 2022 - 19:14 According to him, a working group has been set up, which includes representatives of Ukraine and Russia, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross as a mediator. They discuss how it is logistically possible to evacuate people from the affected settlements, as well as how to bring food and medicine there. The closed sky over Ukraine will change the course of the war with Russia and allow to resolve humanitarian issues - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 18:54 Closing the sky over Ukraine for Russian aircraft will significantly change the course of the war and help resolve a number of issues, including humanitarian ones. Mykhailo Podoliak, Adviser to the Head of the President's Office emphasized this during a briefing in Lviv. Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity - Mykhailo Podoliak 4 March 2022 - 17:36 The position of Supreme Commander-in-Chief, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on negotiations with the Russian Federation remains tough: Ukraine will not make any concessions that could undermine our struggle for territorial integrity. This was stated by Adviser to the Head of the President's Office Mykhailo Podoliak during a briefing in Lviv. Ukraine requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to urgently assist in creating humanitarian corridors 4 March 2022 - 11:06 The Ukrainian state requests the International Committee of the Red Cross to take urgent action to organize humanitarian corridors and is ready to do everything necessary to evacuate the civilian population and deliver humanitarian goods. The participants of the talks reached an agreement on securing humanitarian corridors where the fiercest fighting continues - Mykhailo Podoliak 3 March 2022 - 22:31 During the second round of talks, the representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation reached an agreement on joint provision of humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians, as well as for the delivery of medicines and food to the areas of the fiercest fighting. This was announced by Adviser to the Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Mykhailo Podoliak following the talks. Essay by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak for The New York Times 3 March 2022 - 13:33 As I Write, President Zelensky Is Beside Me. Please, Help Us Show Putin the Mistake He Has Made. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 14 15 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine