9 captures 24 Dec 2022 - 14 Dec 2025 Nov DEC Jan 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Wikipedia Eventstream TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221224133745/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-vistupila-pered-kerivnikami-diplomatichnih-us-80049 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We see prospects at the front, we see terrorist state's intentions and we will respond – address of President of Ukraine 23 December 2022 - 19:43 View all videos n latest news Regular meeting of Staff of Supreme Commander-in-Chief chaired by President takes place 23 December 2022 - 20:29 Olena Zelenska addresses heads of diplomatic institutions of Ukraine, their spouses at annual Conference of Ambassadors 23 December 2022 - 20:19 We see prospects at the front, we see terrorist state's intentions and we will respond – address of President of Ukraine 23 December 2022 - 19:42 Our power engineers are among those who ensure Ukraine's future victory with their work – Volodymyr Zelenskyy at presentation of state awards 23 December 2022 - 18:44 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the presentation of state awards on the occasion of Power Engineers' Day 23 December 2022 - 17:33 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska addresses heads of diplomatic institutions of Ukraine, their spouses at annual Conference of Ambassadors 23 December 2022 - 20:19 As part of the annual Conference of Ambassadors of Ukraine, a separate meeting of First Lady Olena Zelenska with heads of diplomatic institutions was held. The President's wife thanked the representatives of the diplomatic corps for their work. "To say that more work for Ukrainian diplomats was this year means to say nothing. To say that responsibility has increased is also an understatement. International support for Ukraine and sanctions against the aggressor, supply of weapons and humanitarian aid, care for our forced migrants in different countries and an information mission – to tell, convince, resist propaganda – now all this is the daily work of our diplomatic corps. Just like the whole country, our diplomats are now writing a new history of Ukraine," the First Lady said. She said she is proud to be one of the participants of this diplomatic front, in particular, talking about the Ukrainian resistance when speaking to the US Congress and the British Parliament. She also informed about cooperation with the diplomatic corps. "Together, we participated in numerous international conferences and other events in support of Ukraine, helped with the accommodation of our forced migrants, opened Ukrainian bookshelves in the largest libraries of the world and audio guides in leading world tourist attractions, supporting culture so that it would support us. Ukrainian diplomats joined the organization of the second Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen, at which we raised $6.4 million to purchase 84 ambulance vehicles for emergency care centers. And now our diplomats are helping my Foundation attract foreign aid for Ukraine to rebuild hospitals, schools, and import humanitarian aid," the President's wife said. Within the framework of the conference, she also held a meeting with the spouses of Ukrainian ambassadors. Last year, for the first time, they created their own association – the "Wives of Ukrainian Diplomats" platform. "Now we see what a good idea it was: during this year of the Russian invasion, you all cooperated for our victory," Zelenska said. She discussed with the participants of the platform how to use their influence to help the homeland, how they can join humanitarian aid and cultural diplomacy, support compatriots abroad. A particularly important topic is quality education for children of Ukrainian forced migrants. "Ukraine is fighting for the preservation of each of its people and each family. So it is not surprising that Ukrainians are now fighting, volunteering, and working for victory by the entire families. The same is happening in the diplomatic realm," the First Lady said. The annual Conference of Ambassadors of Ukraine was held in Kyiv on December 22-23 under the slogan "War and New Horizons in the World." The event is aimed at summing up the results of the current year in diplomacy and defining key goals for 2023, the implementation of which will make it possible to strengthen the stability and defense capability of Ukraine, as well as create new opportunities for the state, business and citizens. Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba emphasized the special significance of this year's Diplomatic Service Employee Day because it is celebrated on the background of the historic results of the visit of the President of Ukraine to the United States. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine