8 captures 16 Mar 2021 - 04 May 2025 Jan FEB Mar 15 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: .ua TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220215012725/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-premyer-ministrom-67141 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:54 View all videos n latest news Address of the President of Ukraine on the unity of Ukrainian society 14 February 2022 - 20:53 President: Today, the people of Ukraine must show unity and confidence in their state 14 February 2022 - 20:49 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: A citizen is not one who has a passport, but one who is in Ukraine today 14 February 2022 - 19:08 Head of State: We do not give up the issue of Ukraine's accession to NATO, but it depends not only on us 14 February 2022 - 18:23 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the Federal Chancellor of Germany 14 February 2022 - 13:40 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President had a phone conversation with the Prime Minister of Sweden 15 March 2021 - 21:24 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Löfven. The situation regarding the fight against COVID-19 in both countries and the provision of Ukraine with a vaccine licensed by Western countries was discussed. The President thanked Sweden for its continued support for Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity and briefed Stefan Löfven on the security situation in Donbas and Ukraine's initiatives to strengthen the international community's response to the occupation of Crimea and Sevastopol. "As part of the celebration of the 30th anniversary of Ukraine's independence, we plan to hold a number of important international events. We will be glad to welcome you to the inaugural summit of the Crimean Platform on August 23 in Kyiv," Volodymyr Zelenskyy said and invited the Prime Minister of Sweden to take part in the celebrations of the 30th anniversary of our country's independence. The leaders discussed the deepening of bilateral cooperation in the field of defense and the prospects for cooperation between the two countries in the framework of NATO's enhanced opportunities partnership. Volodymyr Zelenskyy also thanked the Swedish party for its support and significant practical assistance to Ukraine in implementing reforms. Stefan Löfven praised the personal leadership of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the reforms and progress achieved in the European integration. The parties paid attention to the intensification of trade and economic cooperation. "Our priority is to find new ways to return the trends in bilateral trade to the level that preceded the COVID-19 pandemic," the President said. The President of Ukraine also positively noted the entry of world-famous Swedish companies and brands into the Ukrainian market, in particular the launch of the first IKEA store in Kyiv. The parties noted the mutual initiative to work towards adopting the experience of Sweden in the construction of waste processing plants in Ukraine. Stefan Löfven invited Volodymyr Zelensky to visit Sweden and take part in the International Forum on Holocaust Remembrance and Combating Antisemitism in October this year. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine