8 captures 09 Jul 2022 - 17 Nov 2025 Jun JUL Aug 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220709143710/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/glava-derzhavi-oznajomivsya-z-potochnoyu-situaciyeyu-na-dnip-76373 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Officials on the ground must do more than possible to guarantee people a normal standard of living in wartime conditions – address of President of Ukraine 9 July 2022 - 00:41 View all videos n latest news President of Ukraine meets with President of French Senate, French senators 9 July 2022 - 16:13 To tell the world the truth about Russia's crimes in Ukraine, using all possible tools – Olena Zelenska appeared on Twitter 9 July 2022 - 12:01 Officials on the ground must do more than possible to guarantee people a normal standard of living in wartime conditions – address of President of Ukraine 9 July 2022 - 00:37 Olena Zelenska describes framework of second Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen 8 July 2022 - 18:53 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk region 8 July 2022 - 14:31 Go to all galleries Home News Current events President got himself acquainted with the current situation in the Dnipropetrovsk region under martial law 8 July 2022 - 17:46 In Dnipro, President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the operational situation in the Dnipropetrovsk region. Head of the Dnipropetrovsk regional military administration Valentyn Reznichenko noted that the situation in the region is under control. "There are no hostilities on our territory, but we constantly feel war," he noted. Russian troops have launched almost 400 strikes at the region, half of which were missile attacks, deliberately targeting civilian infrastructure, enterprises and grain warehouses. The Kryvyi Rih district suffered the most from shelling. Volodymyr Zelenskyy was informed that as a result of enemy attacks, 313 residential buildings were destroyed and damaged, 25 schools, kindergartens and extra-curricular education centers, and 8 hospitals were ruined. The Head of the Dnipropetrovsk RMA informed the President about assistance to the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Almost 111 million hryvnias were allocated for this from the regional budget. The region has also hosted many wounded - military and civilian - and provides them with all necessary medical assistance. In addition, the Dnipropetrovsk region sheltered more than 300,000 internally displaced persons. They receive the necessary humanitarian aid and social benefits. Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that during the war, the region became a real humanitarian hub. In particular, almost 1.5 million food kits were sent to six regions suffering from Russian aggression. During the working trip, the Head of State observed the work of the logistics center for the assembly of humanitarian aid kits and saw how the functioning of this important center was established. ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk region 8 July 2022 - 14:31 ph Working trip of the President of Ukraine to Dnipropetrovsk region 8 July 2022 - 14:31 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine