4 captures 01 May 2023 - 17 Apr 2025 Apr MAY Jun 01 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230501051719/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-proviv-brifing-iz-pitan-oboroni-dlya-delegaciy-82509 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:33 View all videos n latest news The invader will definitely not succeed in taking away our peace, which is a natural part of the Ukrainian character - address by the President of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 16:31 President of Ukraine had a conversation with President of France 30 April 2023 - 16:01 President on the Day of Border Guards: Heroism, reliability and resilience of border guard troops will make a powerful contribution to the restoration of the state border of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 15:09 Not enough that Russia is weak, it must be held accountable for everything it has done – address of President of Ukraine 29 April 2023 - 20:42 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation in the events on the Day of the Border Guard of Ukraine 30 April 2023 - 14:35 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a briefing on defense issues for the UK delegation led by Timothy Barrow 27 April 2023 - 10:14 On the instructions of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Yermak held a briefing on countering a full-scale Russian invasion for the UK delegation led by National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Timothy Barrow. The meeting was also attended by Chief of the British Defense Staff Antony Radakin and British Ambassador to Ukraine Melinda Simmons. "It is very important that you understand in detail what is happening on the battlefield. I am very glad that today the level of our cooperation and mutual understanding is extremely high," said Andriy Yermak. He highly appreciated the support provided by the UK to Ukraine, in particular in the supply of necessary equipment and weapons, and expressed hope that the United Kingdom would continue to help our country without any restrictions or "red lines". "Without this unprecedented level of support, we would not have survived. And we will always remember the UK's contribution to our future victory over the aggressor. It will be our common victory," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. According to him, our country is open in its actions and is ready to constantly inform partners about all aspects of defense in order to preserve their unity. "This unity in understanding and decision-making regarding Ukraine must be preserved. After all, Russia, realizing that it stands no chance on the battlefield, is concentrating its efforts on dividing Ukraine's partners," Andriy Yermak is convinced. Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny briefed the British delegation on the overall situation at the front and the formation of new brigades of the Ukrainian defense forces. Commander of the Ground Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, Commander of the “Khortytsia” operational and strategic group of troops Oleksandr Syrskyi spoke about the situation in the Bakhmut sector via video call. Commander of the Air Forces Mykola Oleshchuk informed about Ukraine's defense against enemy air attacks via video call. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Roman Mashovets emphasized the importance of increasing the pace of arms supplies to effectively counter Russia. "The speed of supplying weapons and military equipment to Ukraine's defense forces is of great importance for deterring the offensive actions of the Russian occupiers and for proper preparation for our further steps," he said. Roman Mashovets praised the UK for coordinating the efforts of partner countries in providing security assistance to our country. For his part, Timothy Barrow emphasized that the UK understands the price Ukraine is paying to repel the Russian invasion, so it cannot stand aside and will continue to help until the aggressor is completely defeated, which the British side has no doubt about. "During this war, we have built unprecedented relations between our countries, which I am convinced will continue after its end. I believe that this historic change has already taken place and will be continued in the context of building a new security architecture in Europe and the world," the Head of the Presidential Office said. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine