280 captures 07 Jun 2022 - 06 Dec 2025 May JUN Jul 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: GDELT Project TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220607232115/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/mayemo-gotuvatisya-do-nastupnogo-opalyuvalnogo-sezonu-yakij-75689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos We must prepare for the next heating season, which due to the aggression of the Russian Federation will be the most difficult since independence - address by the President of Ukraine 8 June 2022 - 00:13 View all videos n latest news We must prepare for the next heating season, which due to the aggression of the Russian Federation will be the most difficult since independence - address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2022 - 23:59 Famous Ukrainian tennis player Elina Svitolina became a UNITED24 ambassador 7 June 2022 - 22:58 Andriy Yermak met with G7 ambassadors 7 June 2022 - 20:53 It would be appropriate to continue providing financial assistance to Ukrainian refugees from allied countries even after their return to Ukraine - Oleg Ustenko 7 June 2022 - 19:03 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in events on the occasion of the Journalist's Day 6 June 2022 - 15:35 Go to all galleries Home News Current events We must prepare for the next heating season, which due to the aggression of the Russian Federation will be the most difficult since independence - address by the President of Ukraine 7 June 2022 - 23:59 Good health to you! A brief report on the past day. There were many activities - both diplomatic and domestic. First, the government is setting up a headquarters to prepare for the next heating season. This decision was made as a result of a meeting I held today with both government officials and representatives of our largest state-owned energy companies and regulators. Prime Minister, Ministers of Energy, Economy, Minister for Communities and Territories Development, heads of Naftogaz, Ukrenergo, Energoatom and the National Commission for State Regulation of Energy and Utilities. The relevant Deputy Head of the Office of the President was also present. Whatever the occupiers plan for themselves, we must prepare for the next winter - in our state, on our land, for all citizens. The issues of purchasing a sufficient amount of gas for the heating season, coal accumulation, and electricity production were discussed today. In the current situation due to Russia's aggression, this will indeed be the most difficult winter of all the years of independence. But! Everything is alright. We must go through it so that our people feel the normal work of the state. At this time, we will not be selling our gas and coal abroad. All domestic production will be directed to the internal needs of our citizens. At the same time, we are doing everything we can to increase our electricity export capabilities. This will be made possible by the capacities available in Ukraine. And after the historical accession of our country to the unified energy network of Europe, such exports not only allow us to increase our foreign exchange earnings, but also directly influence the stabilization of the energy situation in neighboring countries, which reduce Russian energy consumption. Another important aspect is the repair program for thermal power plants, combined heat and power plants and boiler houses. In particular, for those who were damaged or completely destroyed by Russian strikes. Implementation of this program in the coming months is one of the top tasks for the Ministry of Energy of Ukraine. I would like to emphasize that I have set a very specific task for the government to do everything possible to ensure that gas and electricity tariffs do not change in the next heating season. People already face enough difficulties because of the war. This will be provided. Local authorities are responsible for tariffs for heat and hot water, and the same level of tariffs should be ensured at the local level in the winter of 2022-2023 as well. I also held a meeting on communication with the European Union and with individual EU member states on our application and candidate status. Diplomatic activity in this direction does not stop even for a day. I hear daily reports, including on the preparation of procedural decisions in the European Union. The team of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, our diplomats, the team of the government in general - all, absolutely all are working to achieve a significant historical decision already in June, which we all expect. For its part, Ukraine has done all, absolutely all the necessary work for this. As they say in such cases: the ball is in the court of European structures, European countries. The frontline situation in Ukraine has not changed significantly over the past 24 hours. The absolutely heroic defense of Donbas continues. The hottest spots are the same. First of all, Severodonetsk, Lysychansk, Popasna. It is felt, absolutely felt, that the occupiers did not believe that the resistance of our military would be so strong, and now they are trying to attract additional resources in the Donbas direction. Just as in the Kherson direction – new units are being transferred there to restrain our actions. But what's the point for them? The majority of the occupying contingent is already well aware that they have no prospects in Ukraine. We hear this mood in the appropriate interceptions of conversations. This is the prevailing mood in the Russian army. We are free people. We are not your slaves. More than 31,000 Russian servicemen have already died in Ukraine. Since February 24, Russia has been paying almost 300 lives a day for a completely pointless war against Ukraine. And still the day will come when the number of losses, even for Russia, will exceed the permissible limit. We are actively working to raise funds to support our army and to rebuild Ukraine after hostilities. In the territories that are already de-occupied, we return electricity, gas, water supply, communications. It’s not easy, but we do it. Of course, much remains to be done. It is necessary to provide hospitals with equipment, carry out demining. And, of course, rebuild everything destroyed by the occupiers. One of the tools for this is the state fundraising platform UNITED24. In the first month alone, more than one and a half billion hryvnias have been raised with its help. And I am grateful to everyone who contributed to its creation, to its work. Today, Elina Svitolina, our famous and very successful tennis player, became the ambassador of UNITED24. Together with Andriy Shevchenko, the first UNITED24 ambassador, Elina will work to attract new support for our country. Everything for Ukraine. This way, working together, each of us will be able to return normal life to all territories to which our military has returned security. And another piece of news that can be reported now. Next week, a special "Book of Torturers" is planned to be launched - an information system that collects confirmed data on war criminals and criminals from the Russian army. I have repeatedly stressed that they will all be held accountable. And we are approaching this step by step. The creation of such an information system has been going on for some time already. These are specific facts about specific people who are guilty of specific violent crimes against Ukrainians. And such a "Book of Torturers" is one of the foundations of the responsibility of not only the direct perpetrators of war crimes - soldiers of the occupying army, but also their commanders. Those who gave orders. Those who made possible everything they did in Ukraine. In Bucha, in Mariupol, in all our cities, in all the communities they have reached. Everyone will be brought to justice. Eternal memory to all whose lives were taken by these occupiers! Eternal glory to everyone who is bringing our victory closer! Glory to Ukraine! v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine