1 capture 03 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231003233420/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=1 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi 3 October 2023 - 10:20 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva met with EU Commissioner for Neighbourhood and Enlargement Olivér Várhelyi on the sidelines of the meeting of EU-Ukraine Foreign Ministers in Kyiv. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine had a phone call with Jake Sullivan 2 October 2023 - 19:20 The parties discussed the urgent defense needs of the Ukrainian defense forces. Separately, the Head of the President's Office spoke about the results of the first International Defense Industries Forum held last week in Kyiv. Ihor Zhovkva met with the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Defense of Portugal 30 September 2023 - 11:40 Ihor Zhovkva thanked Portugal for joining the tank coalition and for supporting the establishment of the aircraft coalition. Andriy Yermak in Babyn Yar discusses implementation of seventh point of Peace Formula regarding restoration of justice with foreign ambassadors 29 September 2023 - 21:17 On the instructions of the President of Ukraine, Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak held the ninth meeting with representatives of the diplomatic corps accredited in our country regarding the implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula. Baroness Helena Kennedy to become co-chair of the international expert group Bring Kids Back UA 28 September 2023 - 09:27 The Head of the President's Office, Andriy Yermak, invited Baroness Helena Kennedy KC, a well-known lawyer specializing in human rights and civil liberties, child protection, and Director of the International Bar Association’s Human Rights Institute, to become the co-chair of the high-level expert group "Bring Kids Back UA". Ihor Zhovkva met with the Advisor to the President of Moldova on Defense and National Security, Secretary of the Supreme Security Council 28 September 2023 - 09:15 The Deputy Head of the Office of the President thanked the Moldovan side for its participation in the implementation of certain points of the Ukrainian Peace Formula on energy and food security. Ukraine launches information campaign in Russia to return deported Ukrainian children 27 September 2023 - 15:27 As part of the implementation of the Bring Kids Back UA action plan approved by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the "If You Know, Tell" information campaign was launched to motivate people living in Russia to oppose the forced deportation of Ukrainian children and to facilitate the return of young Ukrainian citizens to Ukraine. Head of the Presidential Office had a phone call with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 27 September 2023 - 11:42 Andriy Yermak thanked the government and people of Italy for their unwavering support of our country in the fight for freedom and common European democratic values. The interlocutors touched upon the issue of defense support, in particular in the context of the appointment of the new Minister of Defense of Ukraine. Andriy Yermak, Margot Wallström held the second meeting of the Ukraine War Environmental Consequences Work Group 16 September 2023 - 10:15 The Head of the Office of the President emphasized that environmental protection, like other aspects of the Ukrainian Peace Formula, requires a shared vision and efforts. Ukraine can count on support of the Netherlands in returning home Ukrainian children forcibly deported to Russia – Andriy Yermak based on the results of the visit of the Ukrainian delegation to the Netherlands within Bring Kids Back UA project 16 September 2023 - 00:12 Six children who returned to Ukraine after being forcibly deported by Russia met with European leaders in The Hague to tell their stories in person and draw attention to Russia's violations of children's rights. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ... 39 40 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine