1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004022838/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=64 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos n latest news Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:19 President held a coordination meeting on the preparation of Kharkiv region for the winter period 3 October 2023 - 19:04 President visited combat brigades in Kharkiv region and held a meeting on the security situation 3 October 2023 - 18:49 President of Ukraine paid a visit to the brigades performing combat missions in the Kupyansk-Lyman area 3 October 2023 - 15:24 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – Volodymyr Zelenskyy, Andrzej Duda and Gitanas Nausėda held a meeting in the format of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 18:14 The main attention was paid to security issues. The leaders had thoroughly discussed the supply of weapons to Ukraine and concrete opportunities to limit the potential of Russian aggression. Joint declaration of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of Poland Andrzej Duda following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle 11 January 2023 - 18:07 The leaders of the Lublin Triangle reaffirm their readiness to further strengthen Ukraine's defense capabilities. Presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 16:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda signed the Joint Declaration following the Second Summit of the Lublin Triangle held in Lviv. President held a meeting on security situation in northwestern regions of Ukraine in Lviv 11 January 2023 - 13:12 In particular, the parties discussed the operational situation on the border with the Republic of Belarus. In addition, information was provided on counter-subversive measures in the relevant territories. President had a meeting with Executive Vice-President of the European Commission for the European Green Deal 9 January 2023 - 17:21 The interlocutors discussed a range of topical issues of bilateral agenda, particularly in the context of preparation for the EU-Ukraine Summit scheduled for February 3 in Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy meets with US senators Jack Reed and Angus King 6 January 2023 - 18:05 The President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, met with Chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services Jack Reed, and a member of this Committee, Senator Angus King, who are visiting Kyiv. President of Ukraine had a video call with Prime Minister of Sweden 6 January 2023 - 14:17 Volodymyr Zelenskyy also told the head of the Swedish government about the Ukrainian Peace Formula and called for the active participation of the EU and Sweden, which holds the presidency of the Council of the European Union, in the implementation of this initiative aimed at bringing peace to the European region. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with President of Türkiye 5 January 2023 - 17:12 The Head of State informed his colleague about the risks of escalation on the frontline and stated the need for further strengthening of the Ukrainian army. The leaders discussed the details of security cooperation between the two countries. A meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief was held under the chairmanship of Volodymyr Zelenskyy 5 January 2023 - 13:40 The state of provision of the Armed Forces of Ukraine with necessary weapons and ammunition, as well as strike and reconnaissance UAVs was analyzed. In this context, the participants reviewed the current results of the "Army of Drones" project. President held a meeting of the Staff of the Supreme Commander-in-Chief 3 January 2023 - 12:41 The report of Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valerii Zaluzhny on the operational situation on the main frontline directions was heard. Chief of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Kyrylo Budanov reported on probable actions of the enemy in the nearest period. 1 2 ... 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 ... 77 78 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine