1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004033030/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=124 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Combat aircrafts – for Ukraine, wings – for freedom – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to both Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 February 2023 - 19:28 We have already achieved remarkable results. And we must make every effort to turn our achievements into the foundations of the future global security architecture. We must turn appalling experience into post-traumatic growth - First Lady at the Interagency Coordination Council on Mental Health Protection 8 February 2023 - 18:20 As part of the development of the All-Ukrainian Mental Health Program, which is being created at the initiative of First Lady Olena Zelenska, a meeting of the Interagency Coordination Council on Mental Health Protection and Psychological Assistance to Persons Affected by Russian Aggression against Ukraine was held. During a visit to the United Kingdom, Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with King Charles III 8 February 2023 - 17:21 This meeting was the first audience held by the British monarch with the Ukrainian head of state in the history of Ukrainian-British relations. The Office of the President of Ukraine hosted a briefing for the G7 ambassadors of on strengthening sanctions against Russia 8 February 2023 - 15:29 First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Economy Yuliia Svyrydenko and Advisor to the Head of the Presidential Office Vladyslav Vlasiuk held a meeting with the ambassadors of the Group of Seven (G7) to discuss strengthening sanctions against Russia. President of Ukraine met with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in London 8 February 2023 - 14:35 The Head of State expressed gratitude to the British people and personally to Rishi Sunak for providing comprehensive support to Ukraine in countering Russian aggression. Deputy Head of the Presidential Office Andriy Smyrnov met with the OECD delegation 7 February 2023 - 21:38 The parties discussed the opening of an OECD office in Kyiv and a plan of cooperation in the context of Ukraine's steps towards becoming a member of the OECD Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions. We are working on all enemy scenarios and defending the state - address by the President of Ukraine 7 February 2023 - 20:09 We are paying maximum attention to what the occupiers are preparing. And to what our warriors need to effectively resist – in all directions. President met with Federal Minister of Defense of Germany 7 February 2023 - 19:57 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the newly appointed Federal Minister of Defense of Germany Boris Pistorius, who is on a visit to Ukraine. President of Ukraine had a phone call with the President of Türkiye 7 February 2023 - 17:22 The Ukrainian leader told his Turkish counterpart that he had made a decision to provide humanitarian aid to the Republic of Türkiye to help overcome the aftermath of the emergency situation in the country caused by the earthquakes. On the submission by Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the Verkhovna Rada appointed Vasyl Malyuk Head of the Security Service of Ukraine 7 February 2023 - 15:43 Presenting the submission for the appointment of Vasyl Malyuk at the plenary session of the Parliament, the Head of State emphasized that such appointments were in line with the essence and objectives of the current period of war with Russia. 1 2 ... 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine