1 capture 09 Mar 2022 Feb MAR Apr 09 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220309051951/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=09-03-2021&date-to=09-03-2022&page=23 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:40 View all videos n latest news The world does not believe in the future of Russia, yet speaks about Ukraine, helps and is preparing to support our reconstruction after the war - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 March 2022 - 23:36 An Open Letter to the Global Media by Olena Zelenska 8 March 2022 - 22:11 Address by the President of Ukraine to the Parliament of the United Kingdom 8 March 2022 - 20:36 Ukraine must have a collective security agreement with all its neighbors with the participation of the world's leading powers - President 8 March 2022 - 13:20 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Conversation of the President of Ukraine with representatives of foreign media 3 March 2022 - 23:25 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of France 10 December 2021 - 15:39 The heads of state discussed the security situation around Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked France for the timely support for our state during the recent aggravation of the situation. For his part, Emmanuel Macron noted Ukraine's balanced position against the background of military escalation by Russia. President and the First Lady took part in the celebrations on the occasion of the anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association 10 December 2021 - 09:42 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his wife Olena attended the celebrations on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association. The event was also attended by President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Aleksander Čeferin and prominent Ukrainian football players of different periods. President of Ukraine had a phone conversation with the President of the United States 9 December 2021 - 22:38 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a phone conversation with President of the United States of America Joseph Biden. The key topic of the talks was the security situation around Ukraine and the prospects for intensifying the peace settlement. Volodymyr Zelenskyy received credentials from ambassadors of a number of states 9 December 2021 - 18:05 Addressing the newly appointed ambassadors, the Head of State noted that Ukraine is sincerely interested in expanding the circle of partners, filling bilateral relations with new projects, developing partnership and intensifying cooperation at all levels. Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the UEFA President 9 December 2021 - 14:32 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Aleksander Čeferin, who arrived in our country on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the Ukrainian Football Association. Volodymyr Zelenskyy on the conversation between the Presidents of the United States and Russia: We see the personal role of Joseph Biden in resolving the situation in the east of Ukraine 8 December 2021 - 18:00 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers positive the fact of the conversation between President of the United States of America Joseph Biden and President of Russia Vladimir Putin, one of the main topics of which was the situation in Donbas and near our borders. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukraine is interested in Croatia's experience in peaceful reintegration of occupied territories 8 December 2021 - 17:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke about the beginning of the work on a document on the exchange of experience with Croatia on the peaceful reintegration of the temporarily occupied territories. The President made this statement during a meeting with media representatives following talks with Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković in Kyiv. The historical closeness of the peoples of Ukraine and Croatia is the key to successful relations between our states - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 8 December 2021 - 16:35 Ukraine and Croatia have significant untapped potential, and a foundation for new Ukrainian-Croatian business projects will be laid these days. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in a statement to the media following a meeting with Prime Minister of Croatia Andrej Plenković. Ukraine and Croatia have signed a joint Declaration on the European perspective of our country 8 December 2021 - 16:09 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia Andrej Plenković, who is on a visit to our country. During the meeting, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrej Plenković signed a joint Declaration on Ukraine's European perspective. Then the talks between the Ukrainian and Croatian parties took place in an expanded format. Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s telephone conversation with Antony Blinken 7 December 2021 - 07:31 On the eve of the planned talks between U.S. President J. Biden and Russian President V. Putin, the Ukrainian and American sides have coordinated their positions on key issues. 1 2 ... 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 ... 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine