12 captures 14 May 2023 - 10 Dec 2025 Apr MAY Jun 14 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230514092859/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/olena-zelenska-pribula-na-ceremoniyu-koronaciyi-jogo-velichn-82689 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today in Rome, we agreed on weapons and anti-aircraft defense – address of President of Ukraine 13 May 2023 - 23:27 View all videos n latest news As part of the ongoing dialogue with allies Andriy Yermak held a phone call with the Advisor to the U.S. President in Rome 14 May 2023 - 12:00 President: There is no need for mediation with the aggressor, but Ukraine is interested in proposals on achieving a just peace 14 May 2023 - 09:38 President: Ukraine's victory means not only liberation of all occupied territories, but also fair sentences for all murderers 14 May 2023 - 00:38 Incumbent President of the Russian Federation isolates his country with his presence in the Kremlin – Volodymyr Zelenskyy 14 May 2023 - 00:00 Go to all news pg Photo gallery The official visit of the President of Ukraine to Italy and the Vatican 13 May 2023 - 14:28 Go to all galleries Home News President's wife Olena Zelenska arrives at the coronation ceremony of His Majesty Charles III 4 May 2023 - 23:03 The visit of First Lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland has begun. Olena Zelenska visited 10 Downing Street at the invitation of Akshata Murthy, the wife of the British Prime Minister. The First Lady of Ukraine thanked the UK for its support of Ukraine, in particular for organizing the Eurovision Song Contest together with Ukrainian partners. "The inability of the winning country to host this competition should be another reminder to the world of Russia's war of aggression against Ukraine," she emphasized. Olena Zelenska also noted another important event - the Conference on Rebuilding Ukraine, which will be held in June this year in London. The meeting was also joined by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak. "I am confident that the Conference will significantly accelerate the practical implementation of measures to restore Ukraine. We expect concrete results and decisions. Against the background of the importance of providing military assistance, the issue of helping the civilian population is no less important. Reconstruction of hospitals and schools. Treatment of the wounded. Providing psychological support," the First Lady emphasized. The President's wife extended an invitation to Akshata Murthy to the third First Ladies and Gentlemen Summit to be held on September 6 in Kyiv and dedicated to mental health. Olena Zelenska noted that this event strengthens the role of first ladies and soft power in the world to improve the lives of different countries and peoples. "We are training your military, but in reality, you are training us. We are learning from Ukraine and Ukrainians how to be so strong and resilient," the Prime Minister's wife said. After the meeting, the First Lady of Ukraine and Akshata Murthy visited the British Library together. It is one of the largest libraries in the world with 1.5 million visits per year. As one of the six libraries in the UK mandatory for replenishment, it collects copies of everything published in the country, including print and digital editions (almost 300 thousand physical items and over 240 thousand digital items annually). The collection, which is constantly growing, contains more than 170 million copies, including 100 thousand of Ukrainian rare editions, press, and documents. Since the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine, the British Library has organized numerous events dedicated to Ukrainian culture and literature, including the Worldwide Reading of Ukrainian Literature. The institution is part of a coalition of cultural and non-governmental organizations led by ALIPH to establish digitization centers in Ukraine to help libraries and archives digitize their collections. Earlier, the British Library hosted a presentation of the Books Without Borders project initiated by the First Lady of Ukraine, which printed 16,000 books in Ukrainian for children arriving in the UK. The First Lady got acquainted with the Ukrainian collection of the British Library and, together with the Chief Executive of the institution, Sir Roly Keating, presented the Ukrainian Bookshelf there. This project of the First Lady to promote Ukrainian literature in libraries around the world has already included 170 shelves in 37 countries (about 44 thousand books). On the occasion of the opening of the shelf, Olena Zelenska and the wife of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom spoke with Ukrainian children and read excerpts from the works of contemporary Ukrainian writer Volodymyr Nikitenko in Ukrainian and English. "In places like this, you can clearly see how books personify entire nations, and libraries can literally connect countries," the First Lady emphasized. v Videos Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine