1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004013201/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=172 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Ukraine needs victory over Russia, in particular in energy sphere – address of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 26 October 2022 - 22:39 No matter what the enemy does, our task is to break its plans and protect Ukraine. Conscious energy consumption is now needed by all Ukrainians. Please choose your own scheme for limiting electricity consumption while there is a shortage in the general power system. Andriy Yermak, Valeriy Zaluzhny talk by phone with adviser to Prime Minister of UK 26 October 2022 - 20:01 Head of the Office of the President Andriy Yermak and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Valeriy Zaluzhny had a phone talk with National Security Adviser to the Prime Minister of the UK Timothy Barrow. President of Ukraine notes positive trend in bilateral cooperation with Israel 26 October 2022 - 19:55 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is satisfied with the quality of dialogue that has been achieved recently in cooperation between Ukraine and Israel. The Head of State said this during communication with media representatives. Ukraine interested in building multifaceted relations with African countries – Zelenskyy after meeting with President of Guinea-Bissau 26 October 2022 - 19:16 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with President of the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, Chairman of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Umaro Sissoco Embaló, who is in our country with a visit. Andriy Yermak had a phone call with advisors to the President of the United States, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and the President of France 26 October 2022 - 08:06 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had a phone call with U.S. President's National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, British Prime Minister's National Security Adviser Timothy Barrow and French President's Diplomatic Adviser Emmanuel Bonne. Now it is extremely important to protect humanity and strengthen cooperation in the democratic world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a meeting with representatives of the world’s Jewish communities 26 October 2022 - 00:55 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting with influential representatives of the world's Jewish communities, which was dedicated to the importance of protecting universal values, guaranteeing security and peace, and preserving historical memory. Joint appeal by Presidents Zelenskyy and Steinmeier 25 October 2022 - 23:32 As Presidents of Ukraine and Germany, we are grateful for the wealth of existing municipal partnerships and call for more towns and cities in Germany and Ukraine to join in new partnerships! Germany's contribution to Ukraine's movement towards restoration of territorial integrity is significant - Volodymyr Zelenskyy following the meeting with Frank-Walter Steinmeier in Kyiv 25 October 2022 - 23:25 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting in Kyiv with Federal President of Germany Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is visiting our country. The sooner peace is achieved in Ukraine thanks to our victory, the less evil Russia will bring to other regions - address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 25 October 2022 - 22:46 I am grateful to everyone who helps us fight for freedom! I am grateful to everyone who fights and works for our victory! Andriy Yermak had a conversation with the Minister of Enterprises and Production of Italy 25 October 2022 - 18:32 The parties discussed a wide range of issues of Ukrainian-Italian cooperation. Special attention was paid to the practical aspects of the support for Ukraine by the new Italian government, as well as further contacts between the leaders of the two states. 1 2 ... 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine