1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224070513/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=20 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – Trilateral meeting of presidents of Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland begins 20 December 2021 - 12:52 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy, President of the Republic of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda and President of the Republic of Poland Andrzej Duda are holding a trilateral meeting at the Syniohora State Residence in Ivano-Frankivsk region. The Polish and Lithuanian leaders arrived at the site in the morning, where they were met by the President of Ukraine. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukrainians abroad are "soft" force that firmly defends Ukraine's interests 18 December 2021 - 20:53 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held an online meeting with members of leading organizations of Ukrainians living abroad. The event was attended by representatives of Ukrainian organizations from Australia, Argentina, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Estonia, Italy, Spain, Canada, Germany, Lithuania, South Africa, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the United States, Turkey and the Czech Republic. Roman Mashovets discusses ways to improve security situation in eastern Ukraine and near it with German Foreign Minister 17 December 2021 - 21:25 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Roman Mashovets discussed the security situation in eastern and around Ukraine, ways to improve it and some issues of bilateral security cooperation with Minister of State at the Federal Foreign Office of Germany Tobias Lindner. Situation with heating season is under control – meeting of energy coordination headquarters with participation of President 17 December 2021 - 20:57 The Government and the Ministry of Energy coordinated work with energy market operators, NPC Ukrenergo and the National Energy and Utilities Regulatory Commission of Ukraine (NEURC) to resolve the situation with coal shortages in the warehouses of some TPPs and CHPPs. Head of state meets with representatives of Ukrainian Council of Churches, signs law on military chaplains 17 December 2021 - 19:50 Representatives of the Council of Churches thanked the head of state for supporting this important law. For his part, Zelenskyy thanked the Ukrainian military, which is defending our state, for their help. Representatives of scout organizations hand over Light of Peace from Bethlehem to President and First Lady 17 December 2021 - 18:16 Congratulating the Head of State and the First Lady on the upcoming holidays, the representatives of the youth associations said that it was a great honor for them to pass the Light of Peace to them again. President discusses security situation concerning Ukraine with Prime Minister of the United Kingdom 17 December 2021 - 18:09 Zelenskyy and Johnson exchanged views on further steps of Ukraine's international partners to de-escalate the situation and reach a peaceful settlement in Donbas. Zelenskyy meets with G7, EU ambassadors to Ukraine 17 December 2021 - 16:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the G7 and European Union ambassadors to Ukraine. During the conversation with the heads of foreign diplomatic missions, the foreign policy results of the outgoing year were summed up and the tasks for the future were outlined. Office of Representative of President of Ukraine in Autonomous Republic of Crimea steps up Ukrainian peninsula reintegration and de-occupation efforts 17 December 2021 - 11:31 Today, the Office of Representative of the President of Ukraine in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea celebrates its 29th anniversary. After President Volodymyr Zelenskyy changed the approach to the role of this body, the Office of Representative became more actively involved in the process of returning the temporarily occupied territories of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol, Permanent Representative of the President to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea Anton Korynevych has said. The consequences of a possible Russian escalation against Ukraine will be significant, and it is important that this price is understood in Russia and in Europe - President 16 December 2021 - 14:05 The Russian Federation and some European countries need to understand the extent of Russia's possible military escalation of Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy to the media following the talks with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels. 1 2 ... 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 ... 98 99 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine