7 captures 01 Apr 2024 - 13 Dec 2025 Mar APR May 01 2023 2024 2025 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20240401075328/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/andrij-yermak-zustrivsya-z-delegaciyeyu-goliv-komitetiv-yevr-89869 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Today, we honor the strength of everyone who has withstood, who is fighting and working, and will surely bring freedom to our entire land – address by the President of Ukraine 31 March 2024 - 18:10 View all videos n latest news President visited the restored Borodyanka Center for Social and Psychological Rehabilitation 31 March 2024 - 19:13 In Irpin, the Head of State inspected the repaired residential buildings that had been damaged during the Russian occupation and talked to their residents 31 March 2024 - 18:29 Today, we honor the strength of everyone who has withstood, who is fighting and working, and will surely bring freedom to our entire land – address by the President of Ukraine 31 March 2024 - 18:06 Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in the raising of the flag of Ukraine at the Memorial to the Defenders of the Bucha Community and presented awards 31 March 2024 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery President takes part in events on the second anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region from Russian occupiers 31 March 2024 - 15:55 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of European Parliament Committee Chairs 27 March 2024 - 09:01 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with a delegation of European Parliament Committee Chairs headed by Bernd Lange, Chair of the Conference of Committee Chairs and Chair of the Committee on International Trade, and David McAllister, Chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The meeting was also attended by Deputy Heads of the Presidential Office Ihor Zhovkva and Oleksiy Kuleba, as well as Advisors to the Head of the Presidential Office Dariia Zarivna and Vladyslav Vlasiuk. Andriy Yermak thanked the European Parliament, the members of the delegation and the countries they represent for their personal and significant support of Ukraine during Russia's full-scale war against our country. "Thank you for being in Kyiv today. This is a powerful signal of support for Ukraine in countering Russian military aggression," the Head of the Presidential Office noted. He informed the representatives of the European Parliament about the consequences of the recent Russian massive missile attacks on Ukrainian cities and infrastructure and called on European partners to increase assistance to Ukraine, especially in missile and air defense. The interlocutors paid special attention to the sanctions policy of the European Union. The parties agreed on the need to further expand restrictive measures against Russia and to prevent circumvention of existing sanctions. The Head of the President's Office briefed the representatives of the European Parliament on Ukraine's progress in developing the principles for the practical implementation of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's Peace Formula together with other countries, as well as preparations for the inaugural Peace Summit. "We hope to involve as many countries as possible in the work to end this war of Russia against Ukraine, to overcome the crises of all kinds caused by it and to further prevent wars in the world," emphasized Andriy Yermak. The parties thoroughly discussed Ukraine's progress on the path to joining the European Union. Ihor Zhovkva informed the European partners in detail about the progress made by Ukraine on this path. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine