1 capture 04 Oct 2023 Sep OCT Nov 04 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20231004025534/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/all?date-from=04-10-2022&date-to=04-10-2023&page=22 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kharkiv does not just hold on, but helps keep our entire east strong – address by the President of Ukraine 3 October 2023 - 19:22 View all videos pg Photo gallery Working trip to Kharkiv region 3 October 2023 - 14:23 Go to all galleries pd Photo of the day Go to archive Home News All news – The task is to speed up the moment when F-16s will help us keep Russian terrorists away – address by the President of Ukraine 25 August 2023 - 20:38 All the agreements we brought home from our partners are being implemented already. First of all, F-16 jets. The tasks are obvious. Oleksiy Kuleba met with the Ambassador of Azerbaijan to Ukraine 25 August 2023 - 20:22 The parties discussed promising areas of cooperation in the regions of our country, in particular in the social and infrastructure sectors, medical and psychological rehabilitation for Ukrainian children affected by Russia's invasion, and assistance in the energy sector. President of Ukraine had a meeting with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Türkiye 25 August 2023 - 17:03 The Head of State noted Türkiye's continued and consistent support for Ukraine, as well as diplomatic efforts of its leadership, primarily President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, aimed at ending the war and restoring stability and security in the Black Sea region. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: The whole world needs Ukraine's successful counteroffensive today 24 August 2023 - 19:09 The whole world needs a successful counteroffensive of the Ukrainian defense forces and the liberation of Ukrainian lands from Russian invaders, as our country is fighting for common values. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a meeting with media representatives following negotiations with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre in Kyiv. Head of the Office of the President had a phone call with the U.S. National Security Advisor 24 August 2023 - 18:54 The Head of the Presidential Office expressed gratitude for the U.S. leadership in the coalition of fighter jets and the decisions that enabled the training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16s and paved the way for Ukraine to receive these modern fighter jets. Norway supports aviation coalition, three countries have already agreed to provide Ukraine with F-16 jets – President following the meeting with Jonas Gahr Støre 24 August 2023 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with Prime Minister of Norway Jonas Gahr Støre, who is on a visit to our country. Ukraine is ready to start negotiations with Portugal on a bilateral document on security guarantees - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 24 August 2023 - 16:34 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted that after the accession of the Republic of Portugal to the G7 Joint Declaration of Support for Ukraine, our country is ready to start negotiations with this country on the bilateral document on security guarantees. Portugal confirmed readiness to join training of Ukrainian pilots and engineers on F-16s - Volodymyr Zelenskyy after the meeting with Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa 24 August 2023 - 15:23 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a meeting with President of the Republic of Portugal Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, who is on a visit to our country. On Independence Day of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented military units with state awards, insignia and battle flags with ribbons with honorary names 24 August 2023 - 14:48 “Today we are all celebrating the 32nd anniversary of Ukraine's independence. 32 years of uninterrupted independence, which will endure. Which we will not allow to be torn apart. And which Ukrainians will not lose grip on,” the Head of State emphasized in his speech. We will not lose grip on our independence and will give Ukraine the strength to always prevail - speech by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Independence Day in St. Sophia Square 24 August 2023 - 12:34 Ukrainian children in Ukrainian squares and streets will celebrate Ukrainian independence in the same way. Our grandchildren will celebrate. And their grandchildren. 1 2 ... 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 ... 181 182 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine