1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224050836/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/administration?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=10 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President after meeting with leaders of all parliamentary factions and groups 23 February 2022 - 00:15 View all videos n latest news The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Concrete steps by the EU on full membership of Ukraine would support our country in the current difficult conditions - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:29 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office – The time of declarations should be a thing of the past, a clear plan for Ukraine's integration into NATO is needed - the results of the conversation between Presidents Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Joe Biden 8 June 2021 - 17:34 A meaningful conversation between the leaders of Ukraine and the United States of America made it possible to coordinate in detail the positions of our states and testifies to the close and partnership relations between Ukraine and the United States. This was stated by Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak. The situation with COVID-19 in Ukraine continues to improve - meeting at the Office of the President 7 June 2021 - 14:18 There is a positive trend in the incidence of COVID-19 in Ukraine - all indicators are stabilizing. This was discussed at a conference call at the Office of the President of Ukraine. Ihor Zhovkva discussed development of political dialogue with the diplomatic adviser to the Prime Minister of Hungary 3 June 2021 - 18:42 The interlocutors praised the results of recent bilateral contacts, including the recent meeting of the Foreign Ministers of Ukraine and Hungary and the second meeting of the working interagency group on education in May. Ihor Zhovkva took part in a working meeting of advisers to the Presidents of Lithuania, Estonia, Latvia and Poland 1 June 2021 - 20:27 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva took part in a working meeting of foreign policy and national security advisers to the Presidents of the Baltic States and Poland, which took place in Vilnius. Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council Oleksiy Danilov also took part in the event on behalf of the Ukrainian side. In a conversation with his Austrian counterpart, Ihor Zhovkva stressed the need for further monitoring of the withdrawal of Russian troops from the eastern border of Ukraine 27 May 2021 - 19:45 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Head of the Department for European and Foreign Policy of the Office of the Federal Chancellor of the Republic of Austria Barbara Kaudel-Jensen. The recent escalation on the border with Ukraine and current issues on the European agenda were among the main topics of focus during the conversation. Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine met with the OSCE Secretary General 27 May 2021 - 18:57 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with OSCE Secretary General Helga Maria Schmid. Ukraine today is a country of interfaith peace and is looking forward to the visit of Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew - Andriy Yermak at a meeting with Metropolitan Emmanuel of Chalcedon 27 May 2021 - 17:22 Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak met with Bishop of the Orthodox Church of Constantinople, Metropolitan Emmanuel of Chalcedon. Ihor Zhovkva and the Advisor to the Prime Minister of Canada discussed the security situation in Donbas and the support for Ukraine within the G7 21 May 2021 - 13:13 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held an online meeting with Foreign and Defence Policy Advisor to the Prime Minister of Canada David Morrison. Ihor Zhovkva discussed the situation in Donbas and deepening relations with the EU with the Foreign Policy Secretary of the President of Bulgaria 20 May 2021 - 09:51 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva held online consultations with Foreign Policy Secretary of the President of Bulgaria Dimitar Ikonomov. Ihor Zhovkva discussed further development of bilateral cooperation with diplomatic adviser to the President of the Republic of Cyprus 17 May 2021 - 17:34 Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Ihor Zhovkva had a phone conversation with Head of the Diplomatic Office of the President of the Republic of Cyprus Kyriacos Kouros. 1 2 ... 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine