6 captures 29 May 2023 - 07 Aug 2025 Apr MAY Jun 29 2022 2023 2024 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Collection: Common Crawl Web crawl data from Common Crawl. TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230529080501/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/kerivnik-ofisu-prezidenta-v-intervyu-cnn-ukrayinci-prodovzhu-74713 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:09 View all videos n latest news The support we received at the G7 Summit in Hiroshima makes it possible to look to the future with confidence on the way to victory - Andriy Yermak in an interview with the Japanese TV channel NHK 28 May 2023 - 20:15 Kyiv and all our cities, the whole of Ukraine will put an end to the history of Moscow's despotism – address by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy 28 May 2023 - 19:05 Coordination of agreements of the President of Ukraine: online meeting with representatives of the military and political leadership of the Netherlands took place in the Office of the President 28 May 2023 - 17:37 Any compromise with Russia is a direct path to the next stages of the war - Mykhailo Podolyak in an interview with La Repubblica 28 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President of Ukraine in the events on the Day of the SSSCIP 25 May 2023 - 13:33 Go to all galleries Home News Presidential Office Head of the President's Office in an interview with CNN: Ukrainians continue to fight for victory - to regain control of all our territories 2 May 2022 - 12:30 For Ukraine, progress in the negotiations would be Russia's decision to end the war and deoccupy Ukrainian territory. This was stated by Head of the President's Office Andriy Yermak in an interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN. Commenting on the negotiation process with Russia, Andriy Yermak noted that the position of our state is transparent and clear: “Ukraine did not start this war. Ukraine did not occupy someone's territory. Ukraine has never been an aggressive country, in particular it has not shown aggression towards Russia. The most important thing for us is our independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. We are fighting for this. For our lands and freedom." According to the Head of the Office of the President, the progress in the negotiations would be a decision to stop the war and withdraw Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine. He confirmed that the majority of Russian troops is now concentrated in southeastern Ukraine, especially in Donbas. The whole world also knows what is happening in Mariupol, where there is a catastrophic situation - 90% of the city is destroyed. "For us, the fundamental things we are not ready to compromise on are our independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. We want to stop the war, our people want the war to end, but it is important for us that Ukraine wins this war. Our people continue to fight for victory. Our victory is the return of control over all our territories,” Andriy Yermak stressed. He also noted that President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy and his entire team have remained in Kyiv since the beginning of the war. "Our servicemen continue to fight, they have no break. Therefore, it is our duty - all people in power, politicians - to stay at work and continue to do everything possible to bring victory closer," said the Head of the Office of the President. Regarding the US decision to provide $ 33 billion of aid to Ukraine and its influence on the course of the war, Andriy Yermak noted: “First, we hear clear messages that the United States believes and is confident in Ukraine's victory in this war. Secondly, it really changes the level of our cooperation. This was the goal and dream of President Zelenskyy and his entire team - such a level of human relations with the United States. And today we can say: yes, it happened. And we are very grateful." He noted that opinion polls in the United States show that most Americans are interested and worried about the events in Ukraine. "This support is important to us," added the Head of the President's Office. "After February 24, the whole world, the whole democratic world understood that this could happen anywhere. Ukraine is defending not only itself, but also the principles of democracy," Andriy Yermak stressed. Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine