4 captures 07 Dec 2022 - 04 Oct 2023 Nov DEC Jan 07 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: Archive Team: URLs TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20221207003537/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/pislya-povernennya-zi-shodu-prezident-ukrayini-vidvidav-pora-79681 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Now our people will celebrate the Day of the Ukrainian Armed Forces with words of gratitude, feelings of gratitude, tears of gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 6 December 2022 - 22:59 View all videos n latest news On the occasion of the Day of the Armed Forces, the Head of State awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine, presented battle flags, honorary titles and ribbons of the Presidential honorary award 6 December 2022 - 23:48 After returning from the east, the President of Ukraine visited the wounded defenders in one of the Kyiv medical facilities 6 December 2022 - 23:27 Now our people will celebrate the Day of the Ukrainian Armed Forces with words of gratitude, feelings of gratitude, tears of gratitude - address by the President of Ukraine 6 December 2022 - 22:56 President awarded servicemen who distinguished themselves during the battles in the Kharkiv region 6 December 2022 - 17:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Go to all galleries Home News Current events After returning from the east, the President of Ukraine visited the wounded defenders in one of the Kyiv medical facilities 6 December 2022 - 23:27 After returning from a working trip to the Donetsk and Kharkiv regions, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the wounded defenders who are being treated in one of the Kyiv medical facilities and congratulated them on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The Head of State talked with soldiers who are undergoing treatment and rehabilitation after injuries, asked about their well-being and the conditions of their stay in the medical facility, as well as the needs of the warriors. "Congratulations on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. Thank you for your service. And most importantly - get well soon," said Volodymyr Zelenskyy, addressing the defenders. The President thanked the military for their courage and resilience in the fight against the enemy and presented them with state awards. In particular, the defenders were awarded the orders of Bohdan Khmelnytsky of the II and III degrees, the orders "For Courage" of the III degree. ph Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 ph Participation of the President in the events on the Day of the Armed Forces of Ukraine 7 December 2022 - 00:15 Print version News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International . The use of any materials posted on the website is permitted provided you link to www.president.gov.ua regardless of full or partial use of materials. 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine