1 capture 24 Feb 2022 Jan FEB Mar 24 2021 2022 2023 success fail About this capture COLLECTED BY Organization: Archive Team Formed in 2009, the Archive Team (not to be confused with the archive.org Archive-It Team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. The group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. History is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. With the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. Archive Team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. Our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. The main site for Archive Team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. This collection contains the output of many Archive Team projects, both ongoing and completed. Thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the Internet Archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the Wayback Machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. Our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. If you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the Wayback Machine is the best first stop. Otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. The Archive Team Panic Downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. Collection: ArchiveBot: The Archive Team Crowdsourced Crawler ArchiveBot is an IRC bot designed to automate the archival of smaller websites (e.g. up to a few hundred thousand URLs). You give it a URL to start at, and it grabs all content under that URL, records it in a WARC, and then uploads that WARC to ArchiveTeam servers for eventual injection into the Internet Archive (or other archive sites). To use ArchiveBot, drop by #archivebot on EFNet. To interact with ArchiveBot, you issue commands by typing it into the channel. Note you will need channel operator permissions in order to issue archiving jobs. The dashboard shows the sites being downloaded currently. There is a dashboard running for the archivebot process at http://www.archivebot.com . ArchiveBot's source code can be found at https://github.com/ArchiveTeam/ArchiveBot . TIMESTAMPS The Wayback Machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20220224055356/https://www.president.gov.ua/en/news/last?date-from=24-02-2021&date-to=24-02-2022&page=75 Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request Укр Рус Eng Укр Рус Eng Write a request Submit a petition Newsletter subscription Information request News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription President: Office: President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy Official website President: Office: News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office President of Ukraine Укр Рус Eng News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos Video collection President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription More News Photos Videos President Office Press Office Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news More Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news v Videos Address by the President of Ukraine on strengthening the state's defense capabilities 24 February 2022 - 01:43 View all videos n latest news Russia has launched a new military operation against our state, martial law is being imposed throughout Ukraine 24 February 2022 - 06:59 The state and big business must go through this difficult period for Ukraine with dignity together - President at the meeting with largest entrepreneurs 23 February 2022 - 22:09 Volodymyr Zelenskyy: I know exactly how our army will act - we are ready for anything 23 February 2022 - 17:17 Ukraine, Poland and Lithuania share the view that the future of European security is now being decided in Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 23 February 2022 - 16:57 Go to all news pg Photo gallery Meeting of the President of Ukraine with the President of Lithuania and the President of Poland 23 February 2022 - 14:05 Go to all galleries Home News Current events – President met with the President of the EBRD 22 March 2021 - 18:36 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) Odile Renaud-Basso. Speeding up vaccination and support for people and business in "red" zones were discussed at a meeting with the President 22 March 2021 - 13:36 Kyiv, Vinnytsia and Ivano-Frankivsk regions currently have the largest dynamics of growth in the number of patients with COVID-19. This was announced at a conference call on preventing the spread of COVID-19, which took place under the leadership of President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Lina Kostenko on her birthday: Your strength and talent never cease to fascinate and inspire 19 March 2021 - 18:27 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy sent birthday greetings to Ukrainian poet Lina Kostenko. Reforms are needed not for the sake of reforms, but to make life easier for citizens and businesses - President at a meeting of the National Reform Council 19 March 2021 - 17:56 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Reform Council to discuss the availability of cashless payments, changes to labor legislation, a new model of car customs clearance, as well as land relations. Cooperation with Germany is of special importance for Ukraine's European integration - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 19 March 2021 - 11:41 Ukraine seeks to synchronize and integrate its economy into the economic system of the European Union, and cooperation with Germany is of particular importance in this regard. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the video address to the participants of the Fourth Ukrainian-German Business Forum. Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Small and medium business is the basis of Ukraine's economy, so it is an important priority for the state 18 March 2021 - 18:44 The state and business must work as a team, as allies who have a common interest - a successful and prosperous Ukraine. This was stated by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy during a speech at the All-Ukrainian Forum "Ukraine 30. Small and Medium Business and State", which the President attended together with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda. Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda held a meeting of the Council of Presidents: Ukraine and Lithuania are great friends 18 March 2021 - 16:53 A meeting of the Council of Presidents chaired by Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Gitanas Nausėda was held. There are no grounds to suspend the use of Covishield vaccine in Ukraine at the moment, there has been no fatal case - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2021 - 16:12 President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy notes that currently there are no grounds for suspending the use of Covishield vaccine in the country, and at the same time work is underway to supply other vaccines to Ukraine. Ukraine and Lithuania agreed to unite actions to increase mutual trade - President 18 March 2021 - 16:04 Trade, economic and investment cooperation between Ukraine and Lithuania is an important issue of bilateral relations. This was stated by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy at a joint press conference with President of Lithuania Gitanas Nausėda following today's talks in Kyiv. Lithuania will support Ukraine on the path of European and Euro-Atlantic integration - Volodymyr Zelenskyy 18 March 2021 - 15:48 President Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the importance of Lithuania's support for Ukraine's European and Euro-Atlantic aspirations. He stated this at a joint press conference with Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda following the talks in Kyiv. 1 2 ... 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 News Current events Speeches Congratulations Presidential Office President's wife All news Photos Social activities Conferences and meetings Working visits Foreign visits All galleries Videos President Biography About the President of Ukraine Office Office Management Press Office Upcoming events Newsletter subscription The Presidential Office of Ukraine. All materials featured on this site are is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International 01220, Kyiv, 11 Bankova Str. Phone: +380 44 255-63-33 Government portal Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine Constitutional Court of Ukraine Constitution of Ukraine